item 1a:  risk factors an investment in our stock involves a high degree of risk. you should carefully consider the following information, together with the other information in this annual report on form 10-k, before buying shares of our stock. if any of the following risks or uncertainties occur, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected and the trading price of our stock could decline.
risks related to our markets and customers competition at the systems level can be intense, thereby potentially exerting downward pressure on systems level profit margins industry-wide, which could reduce our net sales, profitability and adversely affect our results of operations.
the significant decline in pv module prices over the last several years has and continues to create a challenging environment for module manufacturers, but it has also increased interest in solar electricity worldwide by eroding one of the primary historical constraints to widespread solar market penetration, namely its affordability. aided by such lower module prices, competitors have in many cases been willing and able to bid aggressively for new projects and ppas, using low cost assumptions for modules, bos components, installation, maintenance and other costs as the basis for such bids. relatively low barriers to entry for competitors have led to, depending on the market and other factors, intense competition at the systems level. intense competition at the systems level can result in an environment in which systems level pricing falls rapidly, thereby further increasing demand for solar solutions but constraining the ability for project developers, epc companies and/or vertically-integrated solar companies such as first solar to sustain meaningful and consistent profitability. accordingly, while we believe our systems offerings and experience are positively differentiated in many cases from that of our competitors, we may fail to correctly identify our competitive position, we may be unable to develop or maintain a sufficient magnitude of new systems projects worldwide at economically attractive rates of return, and we may not otherwise be able to achieve meaningful profitability under our long term strategic plan.
depending on the market opportunity, we may be at a disadvantage compared to potential systems-level competitors. for example, certain of our competitors may have a stronger and/or more established localized business presence in a particular geographic region. certain of our competitors may be larger entities that have greater financial resources and greater overall brand name recognition than we do and, as a result, may be better positioned to impact customer behavior or adapt to changes in the industry or the economy as a whole. certain competitors may also have direct or indirect access to sovereign capital and/or other incentives, which could enable such competitors to operate at minimal or negative operating margins for sustained periods of time.
additionally, large-scale solar systems are still in their relatively early stages of existence, and, depending on the geographic area, many potential customers are still in the process of educating themselves about the points of differentiation among various available providers of pv solar solutions, including a company's proven overall experience and bankability, system design and optimization expertise, grid interconnection and stabilization expertise, and proven o&m capabilities. if we are unable over time to meaningfully differentiate our offerings at scale, from the viewpoint of our potential customer base, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
an increased global supply of pv modules has caused and may continue to cause structural imbalances in which global pv module supply exceeds demand, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations solar manufacturers have significant aggregate installed production capacity in relation to global demand. we believe the solar industry will continue to experience periods of structural imbalance between supply and demand (i.e., where production capacity exceeds global demand), and that such periods will put pressure on pricing. during the past several years, industry average sales prices per watt ("asps") have declined significantly both at the module and system levels, as competitors reduced asps to sell-through inventories worldwide. if our competitors reduce module pricing to levels near or below their manufacturing costs, or are able to operate at minimal or negative operating margins for sustained periods of time, or if demand for pv modules does not grow sufficiently to justify the current production supply, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
if pv technology is not suitable for widespread adoption at economically attractive rates of return, or if sufficient additional demand for solar modules does not develop or takes longer to develop than we anticipate, our net sales and profit may flatten or decline and we may be unable to sustain profitability.
the solar energy market is at a relatively early stage of development, in comparison to fossil fuel-based electricity generation. if pv technology proves unsuitable for widespread adoption at economically attractive rates of return or if additional demand for solar modules and systems fails to develop sufficiently or takes longer to develop than we anticipate, we may be unable to grow
21
our business or generate sufficient net sales to sustain profitability. in addition, demand for solar modules and systems in our targeted markets may develop to a lesser extent than we anticipate. many factors may affect the viability of widespread adoption of pv technology and demand for solar modules and systems, including the following:
•   cost-effectiveness of the electricity generated by pv power systems compared to conventional energy sources, such as natural gas and coal (which fuel sources may be subject to significant price swings from time to time), and other non-solar renewable energy sources, such as wind;
•   performance, reliability, and availability of energy generated by pv systems compared to conventional and other non-solar renewable energy sources and products, particularly conventional energy generation capable of providing 24-hour, non-intermittent baseload power;
•   success of other renewable energy generation technologies, such as hydroelectric, tidal, wind, geothermal, solar thermal, concentrated pv, and biomass;
•   fluctuations in economic and market conditions that affect the price of, and demand for, conventional and non-solar renewable energy sources, such as increases or decreases in the price of natural gas, coal, oil, and other fossil fuels;
•   fluctuations in capital expenditures by end-users of solar modules and systems which tend to decrease when the economy slows and when interest rates increase; and
•   availability, substance, and magnitude of support programs including government targets, subsidies, incentives, and renewable portfolio standards to accelerate the development of the solar energy industry.
reduced growth in or the reduction, elimination, or expiration of government subsidies, economic incentives, renewable energy targets and other support for on-grid solar electricity applications, or increase in protectionist or other adverse public policies, could reduce demand and/or price levels for our solar modules, and limit our growth or lead to a reduction in our net sales, and adversely impact our operating results.
although our long term strategic plan provides for first solar to transition over time toward operating in sustainable markets that do not require solar specific government subsidies or support programs, and it is our belief that solar pv will experience widespread adoption in those applications where it competes economically with traditional forms of energy without any support programs, in the near-term our net sales and profits remain subject to variability based on the availability and size of government subsidies and economic incentives. federal, state, and local governmental bodies in many countries have provided subsidies in the form of fits, rebates, tax incentives, and other incentives to end-users, distributors, systems integrators, and manufacturers of pv products. many of these support programs expire, phase out over time, require renewal by the applicable authority, or may be amended. in particular, the step-down of the u.s. federal investment tax credit from 30% to 10% scheduled for the end of 2016 poses significant uncertainties regarding u.s. pv solar market demand. a summary of recent developments in the major government support programs that can impact our business appears under item 1: "business - support programs." to the extent these support programs are reduced earlier than previously expected, or are changed retroactively, or free-field or conversion land applications are disadvantaged, such changes could reduce demand and/or price levels for our solar modules and systems, lead to a reduction in our net sales, and adversely impact our operating results. while the expected potential of the markets we are targeting is significant, policy promulgation and market development are especially vulnerable to governmental inertia, political instability, geopolitical risk, fossil fuel subsidization, potentially stringent localization requirements and limited available infrastructure.
our ability to pursue an expansion strategy in india could be adversely affected by protectionist or other adverse public policies.
under phase i of the national solar mission, india required developers of solar pv projects employing crystalline silicon technology to use solar cells and modules manufactured in india. first solar modules were not impacted by this restriction. however, in its policy guideline for batch i phase ii of the national solar mission, india has set aside 375 mw of the 750 mw program for domestically manufactured cells and modules irrespective of the technology used (crystalline silicon or thin film). this set-aside effectively cuts the ability of first solar to compete in the batch i, phase ii program in half. in february 2013, the united states government announced that it would expand its previously requested world trade organization dispute settlement consultations with the government of india on phase i local content requirements ("lcrs") to include consultations on the lcrs in phase ii. the outcome of the consultation is still pending.
22
we could be adversely affected by any violations of the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act ("fcpa"), the u.k. bribery act and other foreign anti-bribery laws.
the fcpa generally prohibits companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to non-u.s. government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. other countries in which we operate also have anti-bribery laws, some of which prohibit improper payments to government and non-government persons and entities, and some of which (e.g., the fcpa and the uk bribery act) extend their application to activities outside of their country of origin. our policies mandate compliance with all applicable anti-bribery laws. we currently operate in, and pursuant to our long term strategic plan intend to further expand into, many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. in addition, due to the level of regulation in our industry, our operation in certain jurisdictions, including india, china, south america and the middle east, requires substantial government contact where norms can differ from u.s. standards. although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to facilitate compliance with these anti-bribery laws, our employees, subcontractors, agents and partners (such as joint venture partners) may take actions in violation of our policies and anti-bribery laws. any such violation, even if prohibited by our policies, could subject us to criminal and/or civil penalties or other sanctions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and reputation.
we may be unable to fully execute on our long term strategic plan, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
we face numerous difficulties in executing our long term strategic plan, particularly in new foreign jurisdictions, including the following:
•   difficulty in accurately prioritizing geographic markets which we can most effectively and profitably serve with our pv offerings, including miscalculations in overestimating or underestimating our addressable market demand;
•   difficulty in overcoming the inertia involved in changing local electricity ecosystems as necessary to accommodate large-scale pv solar deployment and integration;
•   protectionist or other adverse public policies in countries we operate in and/or are pursuing, including local content requirements or capital investment requirements;
•   business climates, such as that in china, that may have the effect of putting foreign companies at a disadvantage relative to domestic companies;
•   unstable economic, social and/or operating environments in foreign jurisdictions, including social unrest and currency, inflation and interest rate uncertainties;
•   the possibility of applying an ineffective commercial approach to targeted markets, including product offerings that may not meet market needs;
•   difficulty in generating sufficient sales volumes at economically sustainable profitability levels;
•   difficulty in timely identifying, attracting training and retaining qualified sales, technical and other personnel in geographies targeted for expansion;
•   the possibility of having insufficient capital resources necessary to achieve an effective localized business presence in targeted jurisdictions;
•   difficulty in maintaining proper controls and procedures as we expand our business operations both in terms of complexity and geographical reach, including transitioning certain business functions to low-cost geographies, with any material control failure potentially leading to reputational damage and loss of confidence in our financial reporting accuracy;
•   difficulty in competing against competitors who may have greater financial resources and/or a more effective or established localized business presence and/or be willing and able to operate with little or no operating margins for sustained periods of time;
•   difficulty in competing against competitors who may gain in profitability and financial strength over time by successfully participating in the global rooftop pv solar market, which is a segment in which we do not have deep historical experience;
23
•   difficulty in establishing and implementing a commercial and operational approach adequate to address the specific needs of the markets we are pursuing;
•   difficulty in identifying the right local partners and developing any necessary partnerships with local businesses, on commercially acceptable terms; and
•   difficulty in balancing market demand and manufacturing production in an efficient and timely manner, potentially causing us to be manufacturing capacity constrained in some future periods or over-supplied in others.
in addition, please see the risk factors entitled "our substantial international operations subject us to a number of risks, including unfavorable political, regulatory, labor, and tax conditions in foreign countries," and "reduced growth in or the reduction, elimination, or expiration of government subsidiaries, economic incentives, and other support for on-grid solar electricity, could reduce demand and/or price levels for our solar modules, and limit our growth or lead to a reduction in our net sales, and adversely impact our operating results."
we may be unable to profitably provide new solar offerings or achieve sufficient market penetration with such offerings.
we are in the process of expanding our line-up of offerings to include solutions that build upon our core competencies but for which we have not had significant historical experience with, including the ac power block, and offerings related to fuel displacement, commercial and industrial and distributed generation for restricted spaces, off-grid and energy access. we cannot be certain that we will be able to ascertain and allocate the appropriate financial and human resources necessary to grow these business areas. we could invest considerable capital into growing these businesses but fail to address market or customer needs or otherwise not experience a satisfactory level of financial return. also, in expanding into these areas, we may be competing against companies that previously have not been significant competitors, such as companies that currently have substantially more experience than we do in the rooftop or other targeted segments. if we are unable to achieve growth in these areas, our overall growth and financial performance may be limited relative to our competitors and our operating results could be adversely impacted.
an increase in interest rates or lending rates or tightening of the supply of capital in the global financial markets (including a reduction in total tax equity availability) could make it difficult for customers to finance the cost of a pv system and could reduce the demand for our solar systems or modules and/or lead to a reduction in the average selling price for pv modules.
many of our customers and our systems business depend on debt and/or equity financing to fund the initial capital expenditure required to develop, build and/or purchase a pv system. as a result, an increase in interest rates or lending rates, or a reduction in the supply of project debt financing or tax equity investments, could reduce the number of solar projects that receive financing or otherwise make it difficult for our customers or our systems business to secure the financing necessary to develop, build, purchase or install a pv system on favorable terms, or at all, and thus lower demand for our solar modules which could limit our growth or reduce our net sales. in addition, we believe that a significant percentage of our end-users install pv systems as an investment, funding the initial capital expenditure through a combination of equity and debt. an increase in interest rates and/or lending rates could lower an investor's return on investment in a pv system, increase equity return requirements or make alternative investments more attractive relative to pv systems, and, in each case, could cause these end-users to seek alternative investments.
risks related to regulations existing regulations and policies, changes thereto, and new regulations and policies may present technical, regulatory, and economic barriers to the purchase and use of pv products or systems, which may significantly reduce demand for our solar modules, systems or services.
the market for electricity generation products is heavily influenced by foreign, federal, state, and local government regulations and policies concerning the electric utility industry, as well as policies promulgated by electric utilities. these regulations and policies often relate to electricity pricing and technical interconnection of customer-owned electricity generation. in the united states and in a number of other countries, these regulations and policies have been modified in the past and may be modified again in the future. these regulations and policies could deter end-user purchases of pv products and investment in the research and development of pv technology. for example, without a mandated regulatory exception for pv systems, utility customers are often charged interconnection or standby fees for putting distributed power generation on the electric utility grid. if these interconnection standby fees were applicable to pv systems, it is likely that they would increase the cost of using pv systems to our end-users, which could make them less desirable, thereby adversely affecting our business, prospects, results of operations, and financial condition. in addition, with respect to utilities that utilize a peak hour pricing policy or time-of-use pricing methods whereby the price of electricity is adjusted based on electricity supply and demand, electricity generated by pv systems currently benefits from
24
competing primarily with expensive peak hour electricity, rather than the less expensive average price of electricity. modifications to the peak hour pricing policies of utilities, such as to a flat rate for all times of the day, would require pv systems to achieve lower prices in order to compete with the price of electricity from other sources and would adversely impact our operating results.
our solar systems, modules and services (such as o&m) are subject to oversight and regulation in accordance with national and local ordinances relating to building codes, safety, environmental protection, utility interconnection and metering, and other matters. it is a complex task to track the requirements of individual jurisdictions. any new government regulations or utility policies pertaining to our solar modules, systems or services may result in significant additional expenses to us or our customers and, as a result, could cause a significant reduction in demand for our solar modules, systems or services. in addition, any regulatory compliance failure could result in significant management distraction, unplanned costs and/or reputational damage.
environmental obligations and liabilities could have a substantial negative impact on our financial condition, cash flows, and profitability.
our operations involve the use, handling, generation, processing, storage, transportation, and disposal of hazardous materials and are subject to extensive environmental laws and regulations at the national, state, local, and international levels. these environmental laws and regulations include those governing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the use, management, and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes, the cleanup of contaminated sites, and occupational health and safety. as we execute our long term strategic plan and expand our business into foreign jurisdictions worldwide, our environmental compliance burden will continue to increase both in terms of magnitude and complexity. we have incurred and will continue to incur significant costs and capital expenditures in complying with these laws and regulations. in addition, violations of, or liabilities under, environmental laws or permits may result in restrictions being imposed on our operating activities or in our being subjected to substantial fines, penalties, criminal proceedings, third-party property damage or personal injury claims, cleanup costs, or other costs. such solutions could also result in substantial delay or termination of projects under construction within our systems business, which could adversely impact our results of operations. while we believe we are currently in substantial compliance with applicable environmental requirements, future developments such as more aggressive enforcement policies, the implementation of new, more stringent laws and regulations, or the discovery of presently unknown environmental conditions may require expenditures that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
our cdte solar modules contain cadmium telluride and cadmium sulfide. elemental cadmium and certain of its compounds are regulated as hazardous materials due to the adverse health effects that may arise from human exposure. based on existing research, the risks of exposure to cadmium telluride are not believed to be as serious as those relating to exposure to elemental cadmium. in our manufacturing operations, we maintain engineering controls to minimize our associates' exposure to cadmium or cadmium compounds and require our associates who handle cadmium compounds to follow certain safety procedures, including the use of personal protective equipment such as respirators, chemical goggles, and protective clothing. relevant studies and third-party peer review of our technology have concluded that the risk of exposure to cadmium or cadmium compounds from our end-products is negligible. in addition, the risk of exposure is further minimized by the encapsulated nature of these materials in our products and the physical properties of cadmium compounds used in our products and the recycling or responsible disposal of first solar's modules. while we believe that these factors and procedures are sufficient to protect our associates, end-users, and the general public from adverse health effects that may arise from cadmium exposure, we cannot ensure that human or environmental exposure to cadmium or cadmium compounds used in our products will not occur. any such exposure could result in future third-party claims against us, as well as damage to our reputation and heightened regulatory scrutiny of our products, which could limit or impair our ability to sell and distribute our products. the occurrence of future events such as these could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
the use of cadmium in various products is also subject to governmental regulation in several countries. more restrictive regulation in this area and/or expansion of such regulation to additional countries could impact the manufacture, sale, collection, and recycling of solar modules and could require us to make unforeseen environmental expenditures or limit our ability to sell and distribute our products.
as an owner and operator of certain pv solar power systems that are delivering electricity to the grid, certain of our indirect affiliates are regulated as public utilities under u.s. federal and state law, which could adversely affect the cost of doing business and limit our growth.
as an owner and operator of certain pv solar power systems that are delivering electricity to the grid, certain of our indirectly-owned operating affiliates are considered to be public utilities for purposes of the federal power act, as amended (the "fpa") and public utility companies for purposes of the public utility holding company act of 2005 ("puhca 2005"), and are subject to regulation by the ferc, as well as various local and state regulatory bodies. we currently have three such operating affiliates that are delivering electricity to the grid: sg2 imperial valley, llc ("sg2"); maryland solar, llc ("md solar"); and barilla solar,
25
llc (first project phase); and two that are under construction (lost hills solar, llc and blackwell solar, llc (collectively "lost hills")), which are deemed public utilities by the ferc.
sg2 and lost hills are "exempt wholesale generators," or "ewgs," and as such are exempt from regulation under puhca 2005. md solar is a "qualifying facility," or "qf," under the public utility regulatory policies act of 1978, as amended ("purpa") and is also exempt from puhca 2005. in addition, md solar is exempt from most provisions of the fpa, as well as state laws regarding the financial or organizational regulation of public utilities. we will also be exempt from regulation under puhca 2005 so long as sg2 and lost hills remain ewgs, and so long as md solar remains a qf, and the regulation does not change. we are not directly subject to ferc regulation under the fpa. however, we are considered to be a "holding company" for purposes of section 203 of the fpa, which regulates certain transactions involving public utilities, and such regulation could adversely affect our ability to grow the business through acquisitions. likewise, investors seeking to acquire our public utility subsidiaries or acquire ownership interests in our securities sufficient to give them control over us and our public utility subsidiaries may require prior ferc approval to do so. such approval could result in transaction delays or uncertainties.
public utilities under the fpa are required to obtain ferc acceptance of their rate schedules for wholesale sales of electricity and to comply with various regulations. the ferc has granted sg2 and lost hills the authority to sell electricity at market-based rates, and has granted them certain regulatory waivers, such as waivers from compliance with ferc's accounting regulations. these ferc orders reserve the right to revoke or revise market-based sales authority if the ferc subsequently determines that sg2 and lost hills or their affiliates can exercise market power in the sale of generation products, the provision of transmission services, or if it finds that any of them can create barriers to entry by competitors. in addition, if they fail to comply with certain reporting obligations, the ferc may revoke their power sales tariffs. finally, if they were deemed to have engaged in manipulative or deceptive practices concerning their power sales transactions, they would be subject to potential fines, disgorgement of profits, and/or suspension or revocation of their market-based rate authority. if our indirect subsidiaries were to lose their market-based rate authority, such companies would be required to obtain the ferc's acceptance of a cost-of-service rate schedule and could become subject to the accounting, record-keeping, and reporting requirements that are imposed on utilities with cost-based rate schedules, which would impose cost and compliance burdens on us and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. in addition to the risks described above, we would be subject to additional regulatory regimes at the state and foreign levels to the extent we own and operate pv power plants in the future in other states or foreign jurisdictions, such as our 1.4 mw dc plant in kitakyushu-shi, japan.
risks related to our operations, manufacturing, and technology our operating history to date may not serve as an adequate basis to judge our future prospects and results of operations.
our historical operating results may not provide a meaningful basis for evaluating our business, financial performance, and prospects. we may be unable to achieve similar growth, or grow at all, in future periods. our ability to achieve similar growth in future periods is also affected by current economic conditions. our past results occurred in an environment where, among other things, capital was at times more accessible to our customers to finance the cost of developing solar projects and economic incentives for solar power in certain markets (such as the german fit) were more favorable. accordingly, you should not rely on our results of operations for any prior period as an indication of our future performance.
we face intense competition from manufacturers of crystalline silicon solar modules, as well as thin-film solar modules and solar thermal and concentrated pv systems; if global supply exceeds global demand, it could lead to a reduction in the average selling price for pv modules, which could reduce our net sales and adversely affect our results of operations.
the solar energy and renewable energy industries are highly competitive and continually evolving as participants strive to distinguish themselves within their markets and compete with the larger electric power industry. within the global pv industry, we face competition from crystalline silicon solar module manufacturers, other thin-film solar module manufacturers and companies developing solar thermal and concentrated pv technologies. existing or future solar manufacturers might be acquired by larger companies with significant capital resources, thereby intensifying competition with us. in addition, the introduction of a low cost disruptive technology, such as commercially viable energy storage, could adversely affect our ability to compete, which could reduce our net sales and adversely affect our results of operations.
even if demand for solar modules continues to grow, the rapid manufacturing capacity expansion undertaken by many solar module manufacturers, particularly manufacturers of crystalline silicon solar modules, has created and may continue to cause periods of structural imbalance during which supply exceeds demand. see "an increased global supply of pv modules has caused and may continue to cause structural imbalances in which global pv module supply exceeds demand, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations." in addition, we believe any significant decrease in
26
the cost of silicon feedstock could provide further reductions in the manufacturing cost of crystalline silicon solar modules and lead to further pricing pressure for solar modules and potentially the oversupply of solar modules.
during any such period, our competitors could decide to reduce their sales prices in response to competition, even below their manufacturing costs, in order to generate sales. other competitors may have direct or indirect access to sovereign capital, which could enable such competitors to operate at minimal or negative operating margins for sustained periods of time. as a result, we may be unable to sell our solar modules or systems at attractive prices, or for a profit, during any period of excess supply of solar modules, which would reduce our net sales and adversely affect our results of operations. also, we may decide to lower our average selling price to certain customers in certain markets in response to competition.
thin-film solar technology has a limited field history. as a result, and despite our efforts, our solar modules and systems may perform below expectations; problems with product quality or performance may cause us to incur significant and/or unexpected warranty and related expenses, damage our market reputation, and prevent us from maintaining or increasing our market share.
we perform a variety of module quality and life tests under different conditions upon which we base our assessments and warranty of module performance over its expected useful life. however, if our thin-film technology, high efficiency crystalline technology, and solar modules perform below expectations, we could lose customers, face substantial warranty expense, and face potential liability under certain epc and o&m contracts for damages related to loss of revenue from energy production below expectation. with respect to our modules, we provide a limited warranty against defects in materials and workmanship under normal use and service conditions for 10 years following delivery to the owners of our solar modules. we also typically warrant to our owners that solar modules installed in accordance with agreed-upon specifications will produce at least 97% of their labeled power output rating during the first year, with the warranty coverage reducing to 0.7% every year thereafter throughout the 25 year performance warranty. prior to 2014, we typically warranted to our owners that solar modules installed in accordance with agreed-upon specifications would produce at least 90% of their labeled power output rating during the first 10 years following their installation and at least 80% of their labeled power output rating during the following 15 years. as a result, we bear the risk of extensive warranty claims long after we have sold our solar modules and recognized net sales. as an alternative to our module power output warranty, we have offered a system level module performance warranty for a limited number of our recent sales. as of december 31, 2014, our accrued warranty liability was $223.1 million, of which $69.7 million was classified as current and $153.4 million was classified as noncurrent.
we have historically estimated our product warranty liability for power output and defects in materials and workmanship under normal use and service conditions to have an estimated warranty return rate of approximately 3% of modules covered under warranty. a 1% change in the estimated warranty return rate would change our estimated product warranty liability by approximately $60.4 million.
if any of our assumptions used in estimating the above referenced warranty or manufacturing excursion costs prove incorrect, we could be required to accrue additional expenses, which could adversely impact our financial position, operating results and cash flows. although we have taken significant corrective actions to avoid a manufacturing excursion from occurring, any future manufacturing excursions including any commitments made by us to take remediation actions in respect of affected modules beyond our limited warranty, could adversely impact our business reputation, financial position, operating results, and cash flows.
although our power output warranty extends for 25 years, our oldest solar modules manufactured during the qualification of our pilot production line have only been in use since 2001. as a result, our warranty is based on a variety of quality and life tests that enable predictions of durability and future performance. these predictions, however, could prove to be materially different from the actual performance over the full life of our solar modules, causing us to incur substantial expense to repair or replace defective solar modules in the future. for example, our glass-on-glass solar modules could suffer various failure modes including breakage, delamination, corrosion, or experience power degradation in excess of expectations, and our manufacturing operations or supply chain could be subject to materials or process variations that could cause affected modules to fail or underperform compared to our expectations. these risks could be amplified as we implement design and process changes in connection with our efforts to improve our product, accelerate module conversion efficiency, energy density, and manufacturing production throughput improvements as part of our long term strategic plan. in addition, as we increase the number of installations in extreme climates, in accordance with our long term strategic plan, we may experience increased failure rates due to deployment into such field conditions. any widespread product failures may damage our market reputation, cause our sales to decline, require us to repair or replace the defective modules, and cause us to take voluntary remedial measures beyond those required by our standard warranty terms to enhance customer satisfaction, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.
additionally, we now offer a standard tracker mounting system warranty for a duration of 1 - 5 years. as with our modules, our tracker system warranty is based on a variety of quality and life tests that enable predictions of durability and future performance.
27
these predictions, however, could prove to be materially different from the actual performance over the full life or our tracker mounting systems, causing us to incur substantial expense to repair or replace defective structures in the future.
in addition to our solar module and tracker system warranty described above, for solar power plants built by our systems business, we typically provide a limited warranty on the balance of the system against defects in engineering design, installation, and workmanship for a period of one to two years following the substantial completion of a phase or the entire solar power plant. failures of solar power plants built by us could result in significant increases to warranty expense, damage our market reputation, or cause our sales to decline, cause us to incur unexpected costs to remedy defects or otherwise negatively affect our results of operations.
in addition, as part of our systems business, we conduct performance testing of the solar power plant prior to substantial completion to confirm the power plant meets operational and capacity expectations noted in the epc agreement. in addition, we may provide an energy generation performance test during the first year of the solar power plant's operation. such a test is designed to demonstrate that the actual energy generation for the first year meets or exceeds the modeled energy expectation, after certain adjustments and exclusions. if there is an underperformance event, determined at the end of the first year after substantial completion, we may incur liquidated damages as a percentage of the epc contract price. in some instances, a bonus payment may be received at the end of the first year if the power plant performs above a certain level. in limited cases, a similar energy generation test is offered as part of our operations and maintenance service, up to a maximum of five years. in such a case, liquidated damages are incurred at the lost energy price noted in the ppa.
if our estimates regarding the future cost of collecting and recycling solar cdte modules covered by our collection and recycling program are incorrect, we could be required to accrue additional expenses at and from the time we realize our estimates are incorrect and face a significant unplanned cash burden.
prior to 2013, we have historically pre-funded, and may need to continue to pre-fund in certain circumstances, our estimated future obligation for collecting and recycling cdte solar modules covered by our collection and recycling program based on the present value of the expected future cost of collecting and recycling the cdte solar modules, which includes estimates for the cost of packaging the cdte solar modules for transport, the cost of freight from the cdte solar module installation sites to a recycling center, the material, labor, capital costs and scale of recycling centers, and an estimated third-party profit margin and return on risk for collection and recycling services. we base our estimate on our experience collecting and recycling cdte solar modules that do not pass our quality control tests and cdte solar modules returned under our warranty, and on our expectations about future developments in recycling technologies and processes and economic conditions at the time the cdte solar modules are expected to be collected and recycled. if our estimates prove incorrect, we could be required to accrue additional expenses at and from the time we realize our estimates are incorrect and could also face a significant unplanned cash burden at the time we realize our estimates are incorrect or end-users return their cdte solar modules, which could harm our operating results. in addition, participating end-users can return their cdte solar modules covered under the collection and recycling program at any time. as a result, we could be required to collect and recycle covered cdte solar modules earlier than we expect.
our failure to further refine our technology, reduce module manufacturing and bos costs and develop and introduce improved pv products could render our solar modules or systems uncompetitive and reduce our net sales, profitability, and/or market share.
we need to continue to invest significant financial resources in research and development to continue to improve our module conversion efficiency, lower the lcoe of our pv systems, and otherwise keep pace with technological advances in the solar energy industry. however, research and development activities are inherently uncertain, and we could encounter practical difficulties in commercializing our research results. we seek to continuously improve our products and processes, and the resulting changes carry potential risks in the form of delays, additional costs, or other unintended contingencies. in addition, our significant expenditures on research and development may not produce corresponding benefits. other companies are developing a variety of competing pv technologies, including advanced multi-crystalline silicon cells, perc or advanced p-type crystalline silicon cells, high efficiency n-type crystalline silicon cells, copper indium gallium diselenide, and amorphous silicon thin films, which could produce solar modules or systems that prove more cost-effective or have better performance than our solar modules or systems. in addition, other companies could potentially develop a highly reliable renewable energy system that mitigates the intermittent power production drawback of many renewable energy systems, or offers other value-added improvements from the perspective of utilities and other system owners, in which case such companies could compete with us even if the lcoe associated with such new system is higher than that of our systems. as a result, our solar modules or systems may be negatively differentiated or rendered obsolete by the technological advances of our competitors, which would reduce our net sales, profitability and/or market share.
28
in addition, we often forward price our products and services in anticipation of future cost reductions and technology improvements, and thus an inability to further refine our technology and execute our conversion efficiency roadmap and our long-term manufacturing cost, bos cost and lcoe reduction objectives could adversely affect our margins and operating results.
our failure to protect our intellectual property rights may undermine our competitive position and litigation to protect our intellectual property rights or defend against third-party allegations of infringement may be costly.
protection of our proprietary processes, methods, and other technology is critical to our business. failure to protect and monitor the use of our existing intellectual property rights could result in the loss of valuable technologies. we rely primarily on patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, and contractual restrictions to protect our intellectual property. we regularly file patent applications to protect inventions arising from our research and development, and are currently pursuing such patent applications in various countries in accordance with our strategy for intellectual property in that jurisdiction. our existing patents and future patents could be challenged, invalidated, circumvented, or rendered unenforceable. our pending patent applications may not result in issued patents, or if patents are issued to us, such patents may not be sufficient to provide meaningful protection against competitors or against competitive technologies.
we also rely upon unpatented proprietary manufacturing expertise, continuing technological innovation, and other trade secrets to develop and maintain our competitive position. although we generally enter into confidentiality agreements with our associates and third parties to protect our intellectual property, such confidentiality agreements are limited in duration and could be breached and may not provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets or proprietary manufacturing expertise. adequate remedies may not be available in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our trade secrets and manufacturing expertise. in addition, others may obtain knowledge of our trade secrets through independent development or legal means. the failure of our patents or confidentiality agreements to protect our processes, equipment, technology, trade secrets, and proprietary manufacturing expertise, methods, and compounds could have a material adverse effect on our business. in addition, effective patent, trademark, copyright, and trade secret protection may be unavailable or limited in some foreign countries, especially any developing countries into which we may expand our operations. in some countries we have not applied for patent, trademark, or copyright protection.
third parties may infringe or misappropriate our proprietary technologies or other intellectual property rights, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. policing unauthorized use of proprietary technology can be difficult and expensive. also, litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets, or determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. we cannot assure you that the outcome of such potential litigation will be in our favor. such litigation may be costly and may divert management attention and other resources away from our business. an adverse determination in any such litigation may impair our intellectual property rights and may harm our business, prospects, and reputation. in addition, we have no insurance coverage against such litigation costs and would have to bear all costs arising from such litigation to the extent we are unable to recover them from other parties.
some of our key raw materials and components are either single-sourced or sourced from a limited number of third-party suppliers and their failure to perform could cause manufacturing delays and impair our ability to deliver solar modules to customers in the required quality and quantities and at a price that is profitable to us.
our failure to obtain raw materials and components that meet our quality, quantity, and cost requirements in a timely manner could interrupt or impair our ability to manufacture our solar modules or increase our manufacturing cost. some of our key raw materials and components are either single-sourced or sourced from a limited number of third-party suppliers. as a result, the failure of any of our suppliers to perform could disrupt our supply chain and impair our operations. in addition, some of our suppliers are small companies that may be unable to supply our increasing demand for raw materials and components as we continue to expand rapidly. we may be unable to identify new suppliers or qualify their products for use on our production lines in a timely manner and on commercially reasonable terms. a constraint on our production may cause us to be unable to meet our capacity ramp plan and/or our obligations under our customer contracts, which would have an adverse impact on our financial results.
29
a disruption in our supply chain for cadmium telluride, our cdte semiconductor material, could interrupt or impair our ability to manufacture solar modules and could adversely impact our profitability and long-term growth prospects.
a key raw material we use in our cdte module production process is a cadmium telluride compound. tellurium, one of the main components of cadmium telluride, is mainly produced as a by-product of copper refining and, therefore, its supply is largely dependent upon demand for copper. our supply of cadmium telluride could be limited if any of our current suppliers or any of our future suppliers are unable to acquire an adequate supply of tellurium in a timely manner or at commercially reasonable prices. if our competitors begin to use or increase their demand for cadmium telluride, supply could be reduced and prices could increase. if our current suppliers or any of our future suppliers cannot obtain sufficient tellurium, they could substantially increase prices or be unable to perform under their contracts. we may be unable to pass increases in the cost of our raw materials through to our customers. a substantial increase in tellurium prices could adversely impact our profitability and long-term growth objectives.
our tetrasun module offering may not be able to achieve profitable commercial scale, which could adversely impact our operating results and our future growth strategy with respect to pv solar in restricted spaces.
in 2013, we acquired tetrasun, inc., a development stage company with high efficiency crystalline silicon technology. we expect our high-power density tetrasun modules to offer advantages relative to our cdte modules in commercial & industrial, rooftop and other space constrained applications. although we began manufacturing tetrasun modules during the fourth quarter of 2014, we are not experienced with crystalline silicon module manufacturing compared to many of our competitors, and accordingly we face numerous risks and uncertainties. many of these risks are inherent in pv module manufacturing generally, or otherwise similar to risks involved in our cdte pv module manufacturing operations, and are discussed elsewhere in item 1a: "risk factors."
additionally, scaling of high-volume tetrasun module manufacturing could present supply chain, timing and other challenges. contrasted with our largely automated cdte manufacturing lines, our tetrasun module manufacturing operations involve a batch process and will not be fully-integrated from initial feedstock to final module, potentially resulting in timing, cost, supply and other constraints. we will be outsourcing module assembly to a third party, and any constraints such party faces in meeting our volume or quality requirements would negatively impact our ability to deliver modules to our customers. tetrasun cells will be manufactured using n-type mono-crystalline wafers. we currently do not have polysilicon contracts in place and will rely on our wafer suppliers to contract feedstock in sufficient volumes to meet our demand. market-driven increases in polysilicon prices realized by our wafer suppliers or increases in wafer prices generally would increase first solar's manufacturing costs and negatively impact margins on tetrasun modules.
if we are able to achieve high-volume manufacturing of tetrasun modules, we may not have an adequate sales channel for such modules and/or the prevailing average selling price or conversion efficiency of pv modules in general may have changed in such a manner as to make our tetrasun modules uncompetitive. if our tetrasun modules are unable to achieve profitable commercial scale, we may have to write down all or a portion of the assets related to this business area, and our future growth strategy with respect to pv solar in restricted spaces could be adversely impacted, which outcomes could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
our future success depends on our ability to effectively balance manufacturing production with market demand and, when necessary, continue to build new manufacturing plants over time in response to such demand and add production lines in a cost-effective manner, all of which are subject to risks and uncertainties.
our future success depends on our ability to effectively balance manufacturing production with market demand and increase both our manufacturing capacity and production throughput over time in a cost-effective and efficient manner. if we cannot do so, we may be unable to expand our business, decrease our manufacturing cost per watt, maintain our competitive position, satisfy our contractual obligations, or sustain profitability. see "an increased global supply of pv modules has caused and may continue to cause structural imbalances in which global pv module supply exceeds demand, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations." our ability to expand production capacity is subject to significant risks and uncertainties, including the following:
•   making changes to our production process that are not properly qualified or that may cause problems with the quality of our solar modules;
•   delays and cost overruns as a result of a number of factors, many of which may be beyond our control, such as our inability to secure successful contracts with equipment vendors;
•   our custom-built equipment taking longer and costing more to manufacture than expected and not operating as designed;
30
•   delays or denial of required approvals by relevant government authorities;
•   being unable to hire qualified staff;
•   failure to execute our expansion plans effectively;
•   manufacturing concentration risk resulting from a majority of production lines worldwide being located in one geographic area, malaysia, and the possible inability to meet customer demand in the event of compromises to shipping processes, supply chain or other aspects of such facility;
•   difficulty in balancing market demand and manufacturing production in an efficient and timely manner, potentially causing us to be manufacturing capacity constrained in some future periods or over-supplied in others; and
•   incurring manufacturing asset write-downs, write-offs and other charges and costs, which may be significant, during those periods in which we idle, slow down or shut down manufacturing capacity.
if any future production lines that we may build in the future are not built in line with our committed schedules it may impair any future growth plans. if any future production lines do not achieve operating metrics similar to our existing production lines, our solar modules could perform below expectations and cause us to lose customers.
if we are unable to systematically replicate our production lines as necessary over time and achieve and sustain similar operating metrics in our future production lines as we have achieved at our existing production lines, our manufacturing capacity could be substantially constrained, our manufacturing costs per watt could increase, and this may impair our growth plans and/or cause us to lose customers, resulting in lower net sales, higher liabilities, and lower net income than we anticipate. for instance, future production lines could produce solar modules that have lower conversion efficiencies, higher failure rates, and higher rates of degradation than solar modules from our existing production lines, and we could be unable to determine the cause of the lower operating metrics or develop and implement solutions to improve performance.
some of our manufacturing equipment is customized and sole sourced. if our manufacturing equipment fails or if our equipment suppliers fail to perform under their contracts, we could experience production disruptions and be unable to satisfy our contractual requirements.
some of our manufacturing equipment is customized to our production lines based on designs or specifications that we provide to the equipment manufacturer, which then undertakes a specialized process to manufacture the custom equipment. as a result, the equipment is not readily available from multiple vendors and would be difficult to repair or replace if it were to become damaged or stop working. if any piece of equipment fails, production along the entire production line could be interrupted. in addition, the failure of our equipment suppliers to supply equipment in a timely manner or on commercially reasonable terms could delay our expansion plans and otherwise disrupt our production schedule or increase our manufacturing costs, all of which would adversely impact our financial results.
we may be unable to manage the expansion of our operations effectively.
we expect to continue to expand our business in order to provide utility-scale pv generation to existing and new geographic markets and to maintain or increase market share. to manage the continued expansion of our operations, we will be required to continue to improve our operational and financial systems, procedures and controls, and expand, train, manage and retain our growing associate base. our management will also be required to maintain and expand our relationships with customers, suppliers, and other third parties and attract new customers and suppliers. in addition, our current and planned operations, personnel, systems, and internal controls and procedures might be inadequate to support our future growth. the effectiveness of our controls and procedures could be adversely impacted as we transfer more business functions to lower cost geographies as part of our cost reduction initiatives. if we cannot manage our growth effectively, we may be unable to take advantage of market opportunities, execute our business strategies or respond to competitive pressures.
31
our substantial international operations subject us to a number of risks, including unfavorable political, regulatory, labor, and tax conditions in foreign countries.
we have significant marketing, distribution, and manufacturing operations both within and outside the united states. we expect to continue to expand our operations worldwide; as a result, we will be subject to the legal, political, social, tax, and regulatory requirements, and economic conditions of many jurisdictions. risks inherent to international operations, include, but are not limited to, the following:
•   difficulty in enforcing agreements in foreign legal systems;
•   difficulty in forming appropriate legal entities to conduct business in foreign countries in the required time frame and the associated costs of forming those legal entities;
•   varying degrees of protection afforded to foreign investments in the countries in which we operate, and irregular interpretations and enforcement of laws and regulations in these jurisdictions;
•   foreign countries may impose additional income and withholding taxes or otherwise tax our foreign operations, impose tariffs, or adopt other restrictions on foreign trade and investment, including currency exchange controls;
•   fluctuations in exchange rates may affect demand for our products and services and may adversely affect our profitability and cash flow in u.s. dollars to the extent that our equity investments, revenues or our costs are denominated in a foreign currency and the cost associated with hedging the dollar equivalent of such exposures is prohibitive; the longer the duration of such foreign currency exposure, the greater the risk;
•   anti-corruption compliance issues, including the costs related to the mitigation of such risk;
•   inability to obtain, maintain, or enforce intellectual property rights;
•   risk of nationalization or other expropriation of private enterprises;
•   changes in general economic and political conditions in the countries in which we operate, including changes in the government incentives we are relying on;
•   unexpected adverse changes in foreign laws or regulatory requirements, including those with respect to environmental protection, export duties, and quotas;
•   opaque approval processes in which the lack of transparency may cause delays and increase the uncertainty of project approvals;
•   difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations;
•   difficulty in repatriating earnings;
•   difficulty in negotiating a successful collective bargaining agreement in applicable foreign jurisdictions;
•   trade barriers such as export requirements, tariffs, taxes, local content requirements, anti-dumping regulations and requirements, and other restrictions and expenses, which could increase the price of our solar modules and make us less competitive in some countries; and
•   difficulty of, and costs relating to, compliance with the different commercial and legal requirements of the overseas countries in which we offer and sell our solar modules.
our business in foreign markets requires us to respond to rapid changes in market conditions in these countries. our overall success as a global business depends, in part, on our ability to succeed in differing legal, regulatory, economic, social, and political conditions. we may not be able to develop and implement policies and strategies that will be effective in each location where we do business.
32
risks related to our systems business project development or construction activities may not be successful and projects under development may not receive required permits, real property rights, ppas, interconnection and transmission arrangements or financing or construction may not commence or proceed as scheduled, which could increase our costs and impair our ability to recover our investments.
the development and construction of solar power electric generation facilities and other energy infrastructure projects involve numerous risks. we may be required to spend significant sums for land and interconnection rights, preliminary engineering, permitting, legal, and other expenses before we can determine whether a project is feasible, economically attractive, or capable of being built. success in developing a particular project is contingent upon, among other things:
•   obtaining financeable land rights, including land rights for the project site, transmission lines, and environmental mitigation;
•   receipt from governmental agencies of required land use and construction permits and approvals;
•   negotiation of development agreements, public benefit agreements, and other agreements to compensate local governments for project impacts;
•   receipt of rights to interconnect the project to the electric grid or to transmit energy;
negotiation of satisfactory epc agreements;
•   entering into financeable arrangements for the purchase of the electrical output and renewable energy attributes generated by the project;
•   securing necessary rights of way for access and transmission lines;
•   securing appropriate title coverage, including coverage for mineral rights, mechanics' liens, etc.;
•   obtaining construction financing, including debt, equity and funds associated with the monetization of tax credits and other tax benefits;
•   payment of ppa, interconnection and other deposits (some of which are non-refundable); and
•   timely implementation and satisfactory completion of construction.
successful completion of a particular project may be adversely affected, delayed and/or rendered infeasible by numerous factors, including:
•   delays in obtaining and maintaining required governmental permits and approvals, including appeals of approvals obtained;
•   potential permit and litigation challenges from project stakeholders, including local residents, environmental organizations, labor organizations, and others who may oppose the project;
•   in connection with any such permit and litigation challenges, grant of injunctive relief to stop development and/or construction of a project;
•   unforeseen engineering problems;
•   construction delays and contractor performance shortfalls;
•   work stoppages;
•   cost over-runs;
•   labor, equipment and materials supply shortages or disruptions;
33
•   additional complexities when conducting project development or construction activities in foreign jurisdictions (either on a stand-alone basis or in collaboration with local business partners), including operating in accordance with the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and applicable local laws and customs;
•   unfavorable tax treatment;
•   adverse weather conditions;
•   water shortages;
•   adverse environmental and geological conditions; and
•   force majeure and other events out of our control.
if we are unable to complete the development of a solar power facility, we fail to meet one or more agreed target construction milestone dates, any agreed upon system-level capacity or energy output guarantees or warranties (including, for some projects, twenty-five year energy performance or system-level module degradation warranties), or other contract terms, or our projects cause grid interference or other damage, we may be subject to forfeiture of significant deposits under ppas or interconnection agreements or termination of such agreements, significant liquidated damages, penalties and/or other obligations under the epc agreement or other agreements relating to the project (including obligations to repair, replace and/or supplement additional modules and balance of system materials for the project), particularly if our liabilities are not capped under the terms of such agreement, and we typically will not be able to recover our investment in the project. some of these penalties might require us to repurchase the project from the buyer or to down-size the project, under certain circumstances. if we were required to repurchase a project, we may have insufficient cash or capital resources necessary to make the repurchase payment or we may be unable to resell the project in a timely manner or on terms commercially satisfactory to us, which would adversely impact our results of operations. some of these investments are included as assets on our consolidated balance sheet under the line item "project assets." if we are unable to complete the development of a solar power project, we may write-down or write-off some or all of these capitalized investments, which would have an adverse impact on our net income in the period in which the loss is recognized. in 2015, we expect to invest a significant amount of capital to develop projects owned by us or third parties, which may limit the availability of capital to use for other purposes, such as contract damages or repurchase payments.
we may enter into fixed-price epc contracts in which we act as the general contractor for our customers in connection with the installation of their solar power systems. all essential costs are estimated at the time of entering into the epc contract for a particular project, and these are reflected in the overall fixed-price that we charge our customers for the project. these cost estimates are preliminary and may or may not be covered by contracts between us or the subcontractors, suppliers, and other parties to the project. in addition, we require qualified, licensed subcontractors to install most of our systems. shortages of such skilled labor could significantly delay a project or otherwise increase our costs. should miscalculations in planning a project occur (including those due to unexpected increases in inflation, commodity prices or labor costs) or delays in execution occur and we are unable to increase commensurately the epc sales price, we may not achieve our expected margins or we may be required to record a loss in the relevant fiscal period.
we may be unable to acquire or lease land, obtain necessary interconnection and transmission rights, and/or obtain the approvals, licenses, permits and electric transmission grid interconnection and transmission rights necessary to build and operate pv power plants in a timely and cost effective manner, and regulatory agencies, local communities, labor unions or other third parties may delay, prevent, or increase the cost of construction and operation of the pv plants we intend to build.
in order to construct and operate our pv plants, we need to acquire or lease land and rights of way, obtain interconnection rights, and obtain all necessary local, county, state, federal, and foreign approvals, licenses, and permits, as well as rights to interconnect the plants to the transmission grid and transmit energy generated from the plant. we may be unable to acquire the land or lease interests needed, may not obtain satisfactory interconnection rights, may not receive or retain the requisite approvals, permits, licenses and interconnection and transmission rights, or may encounter other problems which could delay or prevent us from successfully constructing and operating pv plants.
many of our proposed pv plants are located on or require access through public lands administered by federal and state agencies pursuant to competitive public leasing and right-of-way procedures and processes. the authorization for the use, construction, and operation of pv plants and associated transmission facilities on federal, state, and private lands will also require the assessment and evaluation of mineral rights, private rights-of-way, and other easements; environmental, agricultural, cultural, recreational, and aesthetic impacts; and the likely mitigation of adverse impacts to these and other resources and uses. the inability to obtain the required permits and, potentially, excessive delay in obtaining such permits due, for example, to litigation or third-
34
party appeals, could prevent us from successfully constructing and operating pv plants in a timely manner and could result in a potential forfeiture of any deposit we have made with respect to a given project. moreover, project approvals subject to project modifications and conditions, including mitigation requirements and costs, could affect the financial success of a given project.
in addition, local labor unions may increase the cost of, and/or lower the productivity of, project development in california and elsewhere. we may also be subject to labor unavailability and/or increased union labor requirements due to multiple simultaneous projects in a geographic region.
lack of transmission capacity availability, potential upgrade costs to the transmission grid, and other systems constraints could significantly impact our ability to build pv plants and generate solar electricity power sales.
in order to deliver electricity from our pv plants to our customers, our projects generally need to connect to the transmission grid. the lack of available capacity on the transmission grid could substantially impact our projects and cause reductions in project size, delays in project implementation, increases in costs from transmission upgrades, and potential forfeitures of any deposit we have made with respect to a given project. these transmission issues, as well as issues relating to the availability of large systems such as transformers and switch gear, could significantly impact our ability to build pv plants and generate solar electricity sales.
our systems business is largely dependent on us and third parties arranging financing from various sources, which may not be available or may only be available on unfavorable terms or in insufficient amounts.
the construction of the large utility-scale solar power projects under development by us is expected in many cases to require project financing, including non-recourse project debt financing in the bank loan market and institutional debt capital markets. uncertainties exist as to whether our projects will be able to access the debt markets in a magnitude sufficient to finance their construction. if we are unable to arrange such financing or if it is only available on unfavorable terms, we may be unable to fully execute our systems business plan. in addition, we generally expect to sell our projects by raising project equity capital from tax- oriented, strategic industry, and other equity investors. such equity sources may not be available or may only be available in insufficient amounts, in which case our ability to sell our projects may be delayed or limited and our business, financial condition, or results of operations may be adversely affected. even if such financing sources are available, the counterparty to many of our fixed-price epc contracts, which own the project we are constructing, are often special purpose vehicles that do not have significant assets other than their interests in the project and have pledged all or substantially all of these assets to secure the project-related debt and certain other sources of financing. if the owner defaults on its payment or other obligations to us, we may face difficulties in collecting payment of amounts due to us for the costs previously incurred or for the amounts previously expended or committed to be expended to purchase equipment or supplies (including intercompany purchases of pv modules), or for termination payments we are entitled to under the terms of the related epc contract. if we are unable to collect the amounts owed to us, or are unable to complete the project because of an owner default, we may be required to record a charge against earnings related to the project, which could result in a material loss.
in addition, for projects to which we provide epc services but are not the project developer, our epc activities are in many cases dependent on the ability of third parties to finance their pv plant projects, which, in turn, is dependent on their ability to obtain financing for such purchases on acceptable terms. depending on prevailing conditions in the credit markets, interest rates and other factors, such financing may not be available or may only be available on unfavorable terms or in insufficient amounts. if third parties are limited in their ability to access financing to support their purchase of pv power plant construction services from us, we may not realize the cash flows that we expect from such sales, and this could adversely affect our ability to invest in our business and/or generate revenue. see also the risk factor above entitled "an increase in interest rates or lending rates or tightening of the supply of capital in the global financial markets (including a reduction in total tax equity availability) could make it difficult for end-users to finance the cost of a pv system and could reduce the demand for our solar modules and/or lead to a reduction in the average selling price for pv modules."
developing solar power projects may require significant upfront investment prior to the signing of an epc contract and commencing construction, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
our solar power project development cycles, which span the time between the identification of land and the commercial operation of a pv power plant project, vary substantially and can take many months or years to mature. as a result of these long project cycles, we may need to make significant upfront investments of resources (including, for example, payments for land rights, large transmission and ppa deposits or other payments, which may be non-refundable) in advance of the signing of epc contracts and commencing construction and the receipt of any revenue, much of which is not recognized for several additional months or years following contract signing. our potential inability to enter into sales contracts with potential customers after making such upfront investments could adversely affect our business and results of operations. furthermore, we may become
35
constrained in our ability to simultaneously fund our other business operations and these systems investments through our long project development cycles.
our liquidity may be adversely affected to the extent the project sale market weakens and we are unable to sell our solar projects on pricing, terms and timing commercially acceptable to us. in such a scenario, we may choose to continue to own and operate certain solar power plants for a period of time, after which the project assets may be sold to third parties. in such cases, the delayed disposition of projects could require us to recognize a gain on the sale of assets instead of recognizing revenue.
we may not be able to obtain long-term contracts for the sale of power produced by our projects at prices and on other terms favorable to attract financing and other investments.
obtaining long-term contracts for the sale of power produced by the projects at prices and on other terms favorable to us is essential for obtaining financing and commencing construction of our projects. we must compete for ppas against other developers of solar and renewable energy projects. further, other sources of power, such as natural gas-fired power plants, have historically been cheaper than the cost of solar power and power from certain types of projects, such as natural gas-fired power plants, can be delivered on a firm basis. the inability to compete successfully against other power producers or otherwise enter into ppas favorable to us would negatively affect our ability to develop and finance our projects and negatively impact our revenue. in addition, the availability of ppas is a function of a number of economic, regulatory, tax and public policy factors. in addition, certain of our projects may be scheduled for substantial completion prior to the commencement of a long-term ppa with a major off-taker, in which case we would be required to enter into a stub-period ppa for the intervening time period or sell down the project. we may not be able to do either on terms that are commercially attractive to us.
we may be subject to unforeseen costs, liabilities or obligations when providing o&m services.
we may provide ongoing o&m services to system owners under fixed-price long-term service agreements, pursuant to which we generally perform all scheduled and unscheduled maintenance for the system, perform operating and other asset management services for the system and provide an availability guarantee for the system. our costs to perform these services are estimated at the time of entering into the o&m agreement for a particular project, and these are reflected in the fixed-price that we charge our customers under the o&m agreement. we do not have extensive experience in performing o&m services for pv solar power plants in foreign jurisdictions in which we plan to offer pv systems solutions as part of our long term strategic plan (i.e., outside of the united states, canada, and australia), including estimating actual costs for such jurisdictions under our o&m agreements relative to the price that we charge our customers. should miscalculations in estimating these costs occur (including those due to unexpected increases in inflation or labor or bos costs), our growth strategy and results of operations could be adversely affected. because of the long-term nature of these o&m agreements, the adverse impacts on results of operations could be significant, particularly if our liabilities are not capped or subject to an above-market liability cap under the terms of the o&m agreement. we also could be subject to substantial costs, liabilities or obligations in the event our solar systems do not meet any agreed-upon system-level availability or performance warranties.
our systems business is subject to regulatory oversight and liability if we fail to operate our solar systems in compliance with electric reliability rules.
the ongoing o&m services that we provide for system owners may subject us to regulation by the north american electric reliability corporation ("nerc"), or its designated regional representative, as a "generator operator," or "gop," under electric reliability rules filed with ferc. our failure to comply with the reliability rules applicable to gops could subject us to substantial fines by nerc, subject to ferc's review. in addition, the system owners that receive our o&m services may be regulated by nerc as "generator owners," or "gos" and we may incur liability for go violations and fines levied by nerc, subject to ferc's review, based on the terms of our o&m agreements. finally, as a systems owner and operator, we may in the future be subject to regulation by nerc as a go.
36
other risks we may not realize the anticipated benefits of past or future business combinations or transactions, and integration of these business combinations may disrupt our business and management.
we have made several acquisitions in the last several years, and in the future we may acquire additional companies, project pipelines, products, or technologies or enter into joint ventures or other strategic initiatives, such as the potential joint venture yieldco transaction described under item 7: "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - certain trends and uncertainties - yieldco". we may not realize the anticipated benefits of a business combination, and each transaction has numerous risks. these risks include the following:
•   difficulty in assimilating the operations and personnel of the acquired or partner company;
•   difficulty in effectively integrating the acquired technologies or products with our current products and technologies;
•   difficulty in achieving profitable commercial scale from acquired technologies;
•   difficulty in maintaining controls, procedures, and policies during the transition and integration;
•   disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of our management and associates from other opportunities and challenges due to integration issues;
•   difficulty integrating the acquired or partner company's accounting, management information, and other administrative systems;
•   inability to retain key technical and managerial personnel of the acquired business;
•   inability to retain key customers, vendors, and other business partners of the acquired business;
•   inability to achieve the financial and strategic goals for the acquired and combined businesses, as a result of insufficient capital resources or otherwise;
•   incurring acquisition-related costs or amortization costs for acquired intangible assets that could impact our operating results;
•   potential impairment of our relationships with our associates, customers, partners, distributors, or third-party providers of technology or products;
•   potential failure of the due diligence processes to identify significant issues with product quality, legal and financial liabilities, among other things;
•   potential inability to assert that internal controls over financial reporting are effective;
•   potential inability to obtain, or obtain in a timely manner, approvals from governmental authorities, which could delay or prevent such acquisitions; and
•   potential delay in customer purchasing decisions due to uncertainty about the direction of our product offerings.
mergers and acquisitions of companies are inherently risky, and ultimately, if we do not complete the integration of acquired businesses successfully and in a timely manner, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions to the extent anticipated, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
we may be unable to successfully form the previously announced yieldco vehicle; the proposed initial public offering of the yieldco vehicle may not occur on favorable terms or at all; and even if the proposed initial public offering is completed, we may not achieve the expected benefits.
on february 23, 2015, we announced that we were in advanced negotiations with sunpower corporation ("sunpower") to form a joint venture yieldco vehicle (the "yieldco") into which we and sunpower each expect to contribute a portfolio of selected solar generation assets from our existing portfolios of assets. upon execution of a master formation agreement, we and sunpower
37
intend to file a registration statement with the sec for an initial public offering of limited partner interests in the yieldco (the "ipo"). we and sunpower may not successfully form the yieldco, which is subject to each party's board and regulatory approval and execution of definitive documentation as well as the completion of the proposed ipo. in addition, the completion of the proposed ipo is itself subject to numerous conditions, including market conditions, and may not occur on favorable terms or at all.
our stock price could fluctuate significantly in response to developments relating to the proposed ipo or other action or market speculation regarding the proposed ipo. in addition, the ipo process will divert the attention of management and will result in a substantial increase in general and administrative expense for third-party consultants and advisors (including legal counsel and accountants). if the proposed ipo is not completed, we will have expended management's time and incurred significant expenses for which we will not receive any benefit.
if the proposed ipo is completed, we may not be able to achieve the full strategic and financial benefits expected to result from the proposed yieldco, on a timely basis or at all. we believe that the viability of the yieldco strategy will depend, among other things, on our ability to continue to develop revenue-generating solar assets, which is subject to the same project-level, business, and industry risks described in this "risk factors" section and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. furthermore, if the ipo is completed, the value of our investment in the yieldco will fluctuate and may decline. as a result, we may never recover the value of the assets we expect to contribute to the yieldco, and we may realize less of a return on such contribution than if we had retained or operated these assets. if we are unable to complete the proposed ipo or if we are unable to achieve the strategic and financial benefits expected to result from the proposed ipo, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
our future success depends on our ability to retain our key associates and to successfully integrate them into our management team.
we are dependent on the services of our executive officers and other members of our senior management team. the loss of one or more of these key associates or any other member of our senior management team could have a material adverse effect on us. we may not be able to retain or replace these key associates, and we may not have adequate succession plans in place. several of our current key associates including our executive officers are subject to employment conditions or arrangements that contain post-employment non-competition provisions. however, these arrangements permit the associates to terminate their employment with us upon little or no notice and the enforceability of the non-competition provisions in certain jurisdictions is uncertain.
if we are unable to attract, train, and retain key personnel, our business may be materially and adversely affected.
our future success depends, to a significant extent, on our ability to attract, train, and retain management, operations, sales, training and technical personnel, including in foreign jurisdictions as we continue to execute on our long term strategic plan. recruiting and retaining capable personnel, particularly those with expertise in the pv industry across a variety of technologies, are vital to our success. there is substantial competition for qualified technical personnel and while we continue to benchmark our organization against the broad spectrum of business in our market space to remain economically competitive, there can be no assurances that we will be able to attract and retain our technical personnel. if we are unable to attract and retain qualified associates, or otherwise experience unexpected labor disruptions within our business, we may be materially and adversely affected.
labor used on some of our job sites that are completed or under construction are subject to the davis-bacon act. the davis-bacon act requires that personnel assigned to the project be paid at least the prevailing wage and fringe benefits, as established by and in accordance with the regulations promulgated by the u.s. department of labor ("dol"). we have an established policy pursuant to which we evaluate davis-bacon act requirements in conjunction with our subcontractors on the project and ensure our collective compliance with these requirements. if it was ultimately determined that any person working under davis-bacon requirements on first solar projects was not properly classified, was being paid the incorrect prevailing wage, or had not been paid fringe benefits to which he was entitled, we could incur additional liability with respect to such worker. for example, the agua caliente project we recently concluded in southwestern arizona has been undergoing a dol davis-bacon act compliance review. the ultimate outcome of that compliance review is uncertain at this time. any such liability incurred above our anticipated costs for these services could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
we may be exposed to infringement or misappropriation claims by third parties, which, if determined adversely to us, could cause us to pay significant damage awards or prohibit us from the manufacture and sale of our solar modules or the use of our technology.
our success depends largely on our ability to use and develop our technology and know-how without infringing or misappropriating the intellectual property rights of third parties. the validity and scope of claims relating to pv technology patents
38
involve complex scientific, legal, and factual considerations and analysis and, therefore, may be highly uncertain. we may be subject to litigation involving claims of patent infringement or violation of intellectual property rights of third parties. the defense and prosecution of intellectual property suits, patent opposition proceedings, and related legal and administrative proceedings can be both costly and time consuming and may significantly divert the efforts and resources of our technical and management personnel. an adverse determination in any such litigation or proceedings to which we may become a party could subject us to significant liability to third parties, require us to seek licenses from third parties, which may not be available on reasonable terms, or at all, or pay ongoing royalties, require us to redesign our solar module, or subject us to injunctions prohibiting the manufacture and sale of our solar modules or the use of our technologies. protracted litigation could also result in our customers or potential customers deferring or limiting their purchase or use of our solar modules until the resolution of such litigation.
currency translation and transaction risk may negatively affect our net sales, cost of sales, and gross margins and could result in exchange losses.
although our reporting currency is the u.s. dollar, we conduct our business and incur costs in the local currency of most countries in which we operate. as a result, we are subject to currency translation and transaction risk. for example, 5% and 4% of our net sales were denominated in euros for 2014 and 2013, respectively, and we expect more than a minor percentage of our net sales to be outside the united states and denominated in foreign currencies in the future. in addition, our operating expenses for our manufacturing plants located outside the u.s. and our operations for our systems business in foreign countries will generally be denominated in the local currency. joint ventures or other business arrangements with strategic partners outside of the united states have and are expected in the future to involve significant investments denominated in the local currency. changes in exchange rates between foreign currencies and the u.s. dollar could affect our net sales, cost of sales, and equity investments and could result in exchange gains or losses. we cannot accurately predict the impact of future exchange rate fluctuations on our results of operations.
we could also expand our business into emerging markets, many of which have an uncertain regulatory environment relating to currency policy. conducting business in such emerging markets could cause our exposure to changes in exchange rates to increase, due to the relatively high volatility associated with emerging market currencies and potentially longer payment terms for our proceeds.
our ability to hedge foreign currency exposure is dependent on our credit profile with the banks that are willing and able to do business with us. deterioration in our credit position or a significant tightening of the credit market conditions could limit our ability to hedge our foreign currency exposure; and therefore, result in exchange gains or losses.
sustained declines in worldwide oil prices could adversely affect trading prices of our common shares.
worldwide oil prices have recently declined. oil is used as a fuel for electricity generation in only a small percentage of applications worldwide, compared to natural gas or coal-fired electricity generation and other forms of electricity generation, and accordingly, fluctuations in oil prices generally do not have a significant direct causal effect on prevailing competitive electricity prices, including electricity from solar sources. nonetheless, there can be an observed market correlation effect between declining oil prices and depressed equity valuations of solar companies. if oil prices remain low or continue to decline, the trading price of our common shares may suffer.
global sovereign debt issues could adversely impact our business.
potential sovereign debt issues in europe, emerging markets, and other regions and their impact on the balance sheets and lending practices of global banks in particular could negatively impact our access to, and cost of, capital, and therefore could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and competitive position. it could also similarly affect our customers and therefore limit the sales of our modules and demand for our systems business as well. sovereign debt problems may also cause governments to reduce, eliminate or allow to expire government subsidies and economic incentives for solar energy, which could limit our growth or cause our net sales to decline and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
we are subject to litigation risks, including securities class actions and stockholder derivative actions, which may be costly to defend and the outcome of which is uncertain.
from time to time, we are subject to legal claims, with and without merit, that may be costly and which may divert the attention of our management and our resources in general. in addition, our projects may be subject to litigation or other adverse proceedings that may adversely impact our ability to proceed with construction or sell a given project, which would adversely affect our ability to recognize revenue with respect to such project. the results of complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict. moreover,
39
many of the complaints filed against us do not specify the amount of damages that plaintiffs seek, and we therefore are unable to estimate the possible range of damages that might be incurred should these lawsuits be resolved against us. certain of these lawsuits assert types of claims that, if resolved against us, could give rise to substantial damages, and an unfavorable outcome or settlement of one or more of these lawsuits, or any future lawsuits, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. even if these lawsuits, or any future lawsuits, are not resolved against us, the costs of defending such lawsuits, may be costly, and may not be covered by our insurance policies. because the price of our common stock has been, and may continue to be, volatile, we can provide no assurance that additional securities litigation will not be filed against us in the future. for more information on our legal proceedings, including our securities class action and derivative actions, see "note 16 "commitments and contingencies," under the heading "legal proceedings" of our consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2014 included in this annual report on form 10-k.
our largest stockholder has significant influence over us and its interests may conflict with or differ from interests of other stockholders.
our largest stockholder, consisting collectively of jcl fslr holdings, llc and its beneficiaries and jtw trust no. 1 uad 9/19/02 and its beneficiaries, each affiliated in the past with the former estate of john t. walton (collectively, the "significant stockholder"), owned approximately 27% of our outstanding common stock at december 31, 2014. as a result, the significant stockholder has substantial influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of our directors and the approval of significant corporate transactions such as mergers, tender offers, and the sale of all or substantially all of our assets. the interests of the significant stockholder could conflict with or differ from interests of other stockholders. for example, the concentration of ownership held by the significant stockholder could delay, defer or prevent a change of control of our company or impede a merger, takeover, or other business combination which a majority of stockholders may view favorably.
if our goodwill and other intangible assets or project assets become impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings.
we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings in our financial statements should we determine that our goodwill, other intangible assets (e.g., in process research and development ("ipr&d")) or project assets are impaired. such a charge might have a significant impact on our financial position and results of operations.
as required by accounting rules, we review our goodwill for impairment at least annually in the fourth quarter or more frequently if facts and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit that has goodwill is less than its carrying value. factors that may be considered a change in circumstances indicating that the carrying value of our goodwill might not be recoverable include a significant decline in our stock price and market capitalization, a significant decline in projections of future cash flows and lower future growth rates in our industry.
we review ipr&d for impairment on a quarterly basis to determine if the project has been abandoned. if the project has been determined to be abandoned or not recoverable, we would be required to impair the respective ipr&d project. we review project assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. we consider a project commercially viable and recoverable if it is anticipated to be sellable for a profit once it is either fully developed or fully constructed. if our projects are not considered commercially viable, we would be required to impair the respective project assets.
unanticipated changes in our tax provisions, the adoption of a new u.s. tax legislation, or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could affect our profitability.
we are subject to income taxes in the united states and the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. our tax liabilities are affected by the amounts we charge for inventory, services, licenses, funding, and other items in inter-company transactions. we are subject to potential tax examinations in these various jurisdictions. tax authorities may disagree with our inter-company charges, cross-jurisdictional transfer pricing or other tax positions and assess additional taxes. we regularly assess the likely outcomes of these examinations in order to determine the appropriateness of our tax provision. however, there can be no assurance that we will accurately predict the outcomes of these potential examinations, and the amounts ultimately paid upon resolution of examinations could be materially different from the amounts previously included in our income tax expense and therefore, could have a material impact on our tax provision, net income, and cash flows. in addition, our future effective tax rate could be adversely affected by changes to our operating structure, loss of our malaysian tax holiday, changes in the mix of earnings in countries with tax holidays or differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in tax laws, and the discovery of new information in the course of our tax return preparation process. a number of proposals for broad reform of the corporate tax system in the u.s. are under evaluation by various legislative and administrative bodies, but it is not possible to determine accurately the overall impact of such proposals on our effective tax rate at this time.
40
cyber attacks or other breaches of our information systems, or those of third parties with which we do business, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
our operations rely on our computer systems, hardware, software and networks, as well as those of the third parties with which we do business, to securely process, store and transmit proprietary, confidential and other information, including intellectual property. such information systems may be compromised by cyber attacks, computer viruses and other events that put the security of our information, and that of the third parties with which we do business, at risk of misappropriation or destruction. such cyber incidents have become increasingly frequent and sophisticated, targeting or otherwise affecting a wide range of companies, in recent years. while we have instituted security measures to minimize the likelihood and impact of a cyber incident, there is no assurance that these measures, or those of the third parties with which we do business, will be adequate in the future. if these measures fail, valuable information may be lost, our manufacturing, construction, o&m and other operations may be disrupted and our reputation may suffer. we may also be subject to litigation, regulatory action, remedial expenses and financial losses beyond the scope or limits of our insurance coverage. these consequences of a failure of security measures could, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse affect on our results of operations and financial condition.
our credit agreements contain covenant restrictions that may limit our ability to operate our business.
we may be unable to respond to changes in business and economic conditions, engage in transactions that might otherwise be beneficial to us, and obtain additional financing, if needed, because our revolving credit facility and our malaysian facility agreements contain, and any of our other future debt agreements may contain, covenant restrictions that limit our ability to, among other things:
•   incur additional debt, assume obligations in connection with letters of credit, or issue guarantees;
•   create liens;
•   enter into certain transactions with our affiliates;
•   sell certain assets; and
•   declare or pay dividends, make other distributions to stockholders, or make other restricted payments.
under our revolving credit facility and our malaysian facility agreements, we are also subject to certain financial covenants. our ability to comply with covenants under our credit agreements is dependent on our future performance, which will be subject to many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including prevailing economic conditions. in addition, our failure to comply with these covenants could result in a default under these agreements and any of our other future debt agreements, which if not cured or waived, could permit the holders thereof to accelerate such debt and could cause cross-defaults under our other facility agreements and the possible acceleration of debt under such other facility agreements, as well as cross-defaults under certain of our key project and operational agreements and could also result in requirements to post additional security instruments to secure future obligations. in addition, we cannot assure you that events that occur within the company, or in the industry or the economy as a whole, will not constitute material adverse effects under these agreements. if it is determined that a material adverse effect has occurred, the lenders can, under certain circumstances, restrict future borrowings or accelerate the due date of outstanding loan balances. if any of our debt is accelerated, we may in the future not have sufficient funds available to repay such debt, and we may experience cross-defaults under our other debt agreements or project and key operational agreements, which could materially and negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
item 7:  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included in this annual report on form 10-k. unless expressly stated or the context otherwise requires, the terms "we," "our," "us," and "first solar" refer to first solar, inc. and its subsidiaries. in addition to historical consolidated financial information, the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions as described under the "note regarding forward-looking statements," that appears earlier in this annual report on form 10-k. our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those discussed under item 1a: "risk factors," and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
unit of power when referring to our manufacturing capacity, total sales, and solar module sales, the unit of electricity in watts for megawatts("mw") and gigawatts ("gw") is direct current ("dc") unless otherwise noted. when referring to our pv solar power systems, the unit of electricity in watts for mw and gw is alternating current ("ac") unless otherwise noted.
executive overview we are a global provider of solar energy solutions, focused on providing power solutions across key market segments. we design, manufacture, and sell pv solar modules with an advanced thin-film semiconductor technology, and we develop, design, construct, and sell pv solar power solutions that primarily use the solar modules we manufacture. we also manufacture crystalline silicon solar modules with proprietary high-power density, mono-crystalline technology, and we provide single-axis mounting systems with proprietary tracking capabilities. additionally, we provide o&m services to plant owners that use solar modules manufactured by us or by other third-party manufacturers. we have substantial, ongoing research and development efforts focused on module and systems level innovations. we are the world's largest thin-film pv solar module manufacturer and one of the world's largest pv solar module manufacturers. our mission is to create enduring value by enabling a world powered by clean, affordable solar energy.
certain highlights of our financial results and other key developments include:
•   net sales for 2014 increased by 3% to $3.4 billion compared to $3.3 billion in 2013. the increase was driven by higher systems business project revenue, partially offset by lower third-party module net sales. the increase in systems business project revenue was primarily attributable to higher revenue from the partial sale of our solar gen 2 project, the sale of our campo verde and macho springs projects, and the commencement of construction and related revenue recognition on multiple projects in california and our nyngan project in australia. these increases were partially offset by decreases in systems business project revenue resulting from our desert sunlight project as it nears substantial completion, our completed first phase of the imperial valley energy center south project, our completed amherstburg, belmont, and walpole projects, and the completion of the agua caliente project. the decrease in third-party module net sales was due to a 26% reduction in the volume of watts sold and a 19% decrease in the average selling price per watt.
•   gross profit decreased 1.7 percentage points to 24.4% during 2014 from 26.1% during 2013, primarily due to a mix of lower gross profit projects sold and under construction in 2014 and an adjustment for lower estimated recycling costs recorded in 2013. these decreases in gross profit were partially offset by favorable changes in estimated costs on systems
47
projects accounted for under the percentage-of-completion method, a lower volume of third-party module net sales, which generally have margins less than systems business projects, and higher capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities.
•   as of december 31, 2014, we had 30 installed production lines with an annual global manufacturing capacity of approximately 2.7 gw at our manufacturing facilities in perrysburg, ohio and kulim, malaysia. we produced 1.8 gw dc of solar modules during 2014 which represented a 13% increase from 2013. the increase in production was primarily driven by higher module efficiency. we expect to produce approximately 2.5 gw of solar modules during 2015.
•   during 2014, we ran our manufacturing facilities at approximately 81% capacity utilization, which represented a 4 percentage point increase from 2013.
•   the average conversion efficiency of our modules was 14.0% in 2014, which was an improvement of 0.8 percentage points from our average conversion efficiency of 13.2% in 2013.
market overview the solar industry continues to be characterized by intense pricing competition, both at the module and system levels. in the aggregate, we believe manufacturers of solar modules and cells have installed significant production capacity in relation to global demand. we believe the solar industry will continue to experience periods of structural imbalance between supply and demand (i.e., where production capacity exceeds global demand), and that such periods will put pressure on pricing. additionally, intense competition at the systems level can result in an environment in which pricing falls rapidly, thereby further increasing demand for solar solutions but constraining the ability for project developers, epc companies, and/or vertically-integrated solar companies such as first solar to sustain meaningful and consistent profitability. in light of such market realities, we continue to execute our long term strategic plan described below under which we are focusing on our competitive strengths. a key core strength is our differentiated, vertically integrated business model that enables us to provide utility-scale pv generation solutions to sustainable geographic markets that have an immediate need for mass-scale pv electricity.
solar markets worldwide continue to develop, in part aided by demand elasticity resulting from declining industry average selling prices, both at the module and system level, which make solar power more affordable to new markets, and we have continued to develop our localized presence and expertise in these markets. we are developing, constructing, or operating multiple solar projects around the world, many of them the largest or among the largest in their regions, including:
•   our 141 mw ac luz del norte pv power plant under construction near copiapó, chile, which upon completion will be the largest solar plant in the region and the biggest solar power facility in the world to sell electricity on an open contract basis;
•   a 53 mw ac solar plant in jordan, which upon completion will be the largest pv power plant in the middle east;
•   a 45 mw ac project located at two sites in the state of telangana, india; and
•   the 102 mw ac nyngan and 53 mw ac broken hill solar plants, located in new south wales, australia, which upon completion will be australia's largest utility-scale solar facilities.
in north america, we continue to execute on our advanced-stage utility-scale project pipeline. we continue to make construction progress on what are currently or will be among the world's largest pv solar power systems. we expect a substantial portion of our consolidated net sales, operating income, and cash flows through the end of 2016 to be derived from these projects. we continue to advance the development and selling efforts for the other projects included in our advanced-stage utility-scale project pipeline, and we continue to develop our early-to-mid stage project pipeline and evaluate acquisitions of projects to continue to add to our advanced-stage utility-scale project pipeline.
lower industry module and system pricing, while currently challenging for certain solar manufacturers (particularly manufacturers with high cost structures), is expected to continue to contribute to global market diversification and volume elasticity. over time, declining average selling prices are consistent with the erosion of one of the primary historical constraints to widespread solar market penetration, its affordability. in the near term, however, declining average selling prices could adversely affect our results of operations. if competitors reduce pricing to levels below their costs, bid aggressively low prices for ppas and epc agreements, or are able to operate at negative or minimal operating margins for sustained periods of time, our results of operations could be further adversely affected. we continue to mitigate this uncertainty in part by executing on and building our advanced-stage utility-scale systems pipeline, executing on our module efficiency improvement and bos cost reduction roadmaps to maintain
48
and increase our competitiveness, profitability, and capital efficiency, adjusting our production plans and capacity utilization, and continuing the development of worldwide geographic markets.
in the components business, we continue to face intense competition from manufacturers of crystalline silicon solar modules and other types of solar modules and pv systems. solar module manufacturers compete with one another in several product performance attributes, including reliability and selling price per watt, and, with respect to solar power systems, net present value ("npv"), return on equity ("roe"), and levelized cost of electricity ("lcoe"), meaning the net present value of total life cycle costs of the solar power project divided by the quantity of energy which is expected to be produced over the system's life. we believe we are among the lowest cost pv module manufacturers in the solar industry on a module cost per watt basis, based on publicly available information. this cost competitiveness is reflected in the price at which we sell our modules and fully integrated pv solar power systems and enables our pv solar power systems to compete favorably. our cost competitiveness is based in large part on our proprietary technology (which enables conversion efficiency improvements and enables us to produce a module in less than 2.5 hours using a continuous and highly automated industrial manufacturing process, as opposed to a batch process), our scale, and our operational excellence. in addition, our cdte modules use approximately 1-2% of the amount of the polysilicon that is used to manufacture traditional crystalline silicon solar modules. the cost of polysilicon is a significant driver of the manufacturing cost of crystalline silicon solar modules, and the timing and rate of change in the cost of silicon feedstock and polysilicon could lead to changes in solar module pricing levels. polysilicon costs have had periods of decline over the past several years, contributing to a decline in our manufacturing cost competitiveness over traditional crystalline silicon module manufacturers. given the lower conversion efficiency and smaller size (sometimes referred to as form factor) of our modules compared to certain types of crystalline silicon modules, there may be higher bos costs associated with systems using our modules. thus, to compete effectively on the basis of lcoe, our modules need to maintain a certain cost advantage per watt compared to crystalline silicon-based modules with higher conversion efficiencies. we continue to focus on reducing bos costs associated with pv solar power systems using our modules. we believe we can continue to reduce bos costs by improving module conversion efficiency, leveraging volume procurement around standardized hardware platforms, using innovative installation techniques and know how, and accelerating installation times to reduce labor costs. bos costs can represent a significant portion of the costs associated with the construction of a typical utility-scale pv solar power system.
while our modules and pv solar power systems are generally competitive in cost, reliability, and performance attributes, there can be no guarantee such competitiveness will continue to exist in the future to the same extent or at all. any declines in the competitiveness of our products could result in additional margin compression, further declines in the average selling prices of our solar modules and pv solar power systems, erosion in our market share for modules and pv solar power systems, decreases in the rate of net sales growth, and/or declines in overall net sales. we have taken, and continue to take, various actions to mitigate the potential impact resulting from competitive pressures, including accelerating progress along our module efficiency improvement and bos cost reduction roadmaps and further focusing our research and development on increasing the conversion efficiency of our solar modules.
as we continue to expand our systems business into sustainable markets, we can offer value beyond the solar module, reduce our exposure to module-only competition, provide differentiated product offerings to minimize the impact of solar module commoditization, and provide comprehensive utility-scale pv solar power system solutions that significantly reduce solar electricity costs. thus, our systems business allows us to play a more active role than many of our competitors in managing the demand for our solar modules. finally, we continue to form and develop strong relationships with our customers and strategic partners around the world and continue to develop our range of product offerings, including epc capabilities and o&m services, in order to enhance the competitiveness of systems using our solar modules. for example, we have and expect in the future to form joint ventures or other business arrangements with project developers in certain strategic markets in order to provide our modules and potential systems business pv generation solutions to the projects developed by such ventures.
certain trends and uncertainties we believe that our continuing operations may be favorably or unfavorably impacted by the following trends and uncertainties that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. see item 1a: "risk factors" and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k for a discussion of other risks that may affect our financial condition and results of operations.
long term strategic plan in executing our long term strategic plan we are focusing on providing solar pv generation solutions using our modules to sustainable geographic markets that we believe have a compelling need for mass-scale pv electricity, including markets throughout the americas, asia, australia, the middle east, and africa. as part of our long term strategic plan, we are focusing on opportunities in which our solar pv generation solutions can compete directly with fossil fuel offerings on an lcoe or similar basis, or complement such fossil fuel electricity generations. execution of the long term strategic plan entails a reallocation of resources
49
around the globe, in particular, dedicating resources to regions such as latin america, asia, the middle east, and africa. we are evaluating and closely managing the appropriate level of resources required as we transition into and penetrate these specific markets. we have and intend to continue to dedicate significant capital and human resources to reduce the total installed cost of solar pv generation, to optimize the design and logistics around our solar pv generation solutions, and to ensure that our solutions integrate well into the overall electricity ecosystem of each specific market.
we expect that, over time, an increasing portion of our consolidated net sales, operating income, and cash flows will come from solar offerings in the sustainable markets described above as we execute on our long term strategic plan. the timing, execution, and financial impacts of our long term strategic plan are subject to risks and uncertainties, as described in the risk factors. we are focusing our resources in those markets and energy applications in which solar power can be a least-cost, best-fit energy solution, particularly in regions with high solar resources, significant current or projected electricity demand, and/or relatively high existing electricity prices. as part of these efforts, we continue to expand resources globally, including the appointment of country heads, business development, sales personnel, and other supporting professional staff in target sustainable markets. accordingly, we are shifting current costs and expect to incur additional costs over time as we establish a localized business presence in these regions.
joint ventures or other business arrangements with strategic partners are a key part of our long term strategic plan, and we use such arrangements to expedite our penetration of various markets and establish relationships with potential customers and policymakers. some of these business arrangements involve and are expected in the future to involve significant investments or other allocations of capital. we continue to develop relationships with policymakers, regulators, and end customers in each of these markets with a view to creating markets for utility scale pv solar power systems. we sell solar power solutions directly to end customers, including independent power producers, utilities, retail electricity providers, and commercial and industrial customers. depending on the market opportunity, our sales offerings range from module only sales to module sales with a range of development, epc services, and other solutions, to full turn-key pv solar power system sales. we expect these sales offerings to continue to evolve over time as we work with our customers to optimize how our pv solar generation solutions can best meet our customers' energy and economic needs. in addition to our utility-scale power plant offerings, we have fuel displacement, commercial, industrial, and off-grid and energy access offerings.
in order to create or maintain a market position in certain strategically targeted markets, our offerings from time to time may need to be competitively priced at levels associated with minimal gross profit margins, which may adversely affect our results of operations. we expect the profitability associated with our various sales offerings to vary from one another over time, and possibly vary from our internal long-range profitability expectations and targets, depending on the market opportunity and the relative competitiveness of our offering compared with other energy solutions, fossil fuel based or otherwise, that are available to potential customers.
we expect to use our working capital, the availability under our revolving credit facility, or non-recourse or limited-recourse project financing to finance the construction of certain of our pv solar power systems, if the sale of such systems prior to the commencement of construction does not meet our economic return expectations or we cannot sell under terms and conditions that are favorable to us. from time to time, we may own and operate certain pv solar power systems, often with the intention to sell at a later date. the ability to do so allows us to gain control of the sales process, provide a lower risk profile to a future buyer of a pv solar power system, and improve our ability to drive higher eventual sale values. we may also elect to construct and retain ownership interests in power plants for which there is no ppa with an off-taker, such as a utility, but rather an intent to sell the electricity produced by the plant in a competitive wholesale market. we continue to pursue strategic partnerships that open up new geographic markets. we also continue to assess and pursue other business arrangements that provide access to a lower cost of capital and optimize the value of our projects. business arrangements that can lower the cost of capital and provide other benefits relating to the project sales process, such as yieldco arrangements (as described below and under the heading "liquidity and capital resources"), have been used increasingly by renewable energy companies. additionally, our joint ventures and other business arrangements with strategic partners have and may in the future result in us temporarily retaining a minority or noncontrolling ownership interest in the underlying systems projects we develop, supply modules to, or construct potentially for a period of up to several years. such business arrangements could become increasingly important to our competitive profile in markets globally, including north america. in each of the above mentioned examples, we may retain such ownership interests in a consolidated and/or unconsolidated separate entity.
yieldco on february 23, 2015, we and sunpower announced that we are in advanced negotiations to form a joint yieldco to which the parties each expect to contribute a portfolio of selected solar generation assets from their existing portfolios of assets. upon the execution of a master formation agreement, the parties intend to file a registration statement with the securities and exchange commission for an initial public offering of limited partner interests in the yieldco. formation of the yieldco and completion of
50
the ipo are subject to, among other things, the execution of definitive documentation, each party's board approval, and regulatory approval. there is no assurance that the yieldco will be formed or that the ipo will be consummated or that any other transaction will occur.
construction of some of the world's largest pv solar power systems we continue to execute on our advanced-stage utility-scale project pipeline. we expect a substantial portion of our consolidated net sales, operating income, and cash flows through 2016 to be derived from several large projects, including the following projects which will be among the world's largest pv solar power systems: the 250 mw mccoy solar energy project, located in riverside county, california; the 250 mw silver state south project, located near primm in clark county, nevada; and the 150 mw imperial solar energy center west project, located in imperial county, california, which are all under contract, and the following projects which are not yet sold or contracted: the 300 mw stateline project, located in san bernardino county, california; the 280mw california flats project, located in monterey county, california; the 250 mw moapa project, located in clark county, nevada; and the 141 mw luz del norte project located near copiapó, chile. please see the tables under "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-systems project pipeline" for additional information about these and other projects within our systems business advanced-stage project pipeline. the construction progress of these projects is subject to risks and delays as described in the risk factors. revenue recognition for these and other systems projects is in many cases not linear in nature due to the timing of when all revenue recognition criteria have been or are expected to be met, and consequently period-over-period comparisons of results of operations may not be meaningful. as we progress construction towards substantial completion of these pv solar power systems, we may have a larger portion of our net sales, operating income, and cash flows come from future sales of solar offerings outside of north america, pursuant to our long term strategic plan described above. north america, however, will continue to represent a meaningful portion of our net sales, operating income, and cash flows through 2016 as a significant portion of our advanced-stage project pipeline, excluding the projects above, is also comprised of projects in north america.
systems project pipeline the following tables summarize, as of february 24, 2015, our approximately 3.2 gw systems business advanced-stage project pipeline. as of december 31, 2014, for the projects sold/ under contract in our advanced-stage project pipeline of approximately 1.5 gw, we have recognized revenue with respect to the equivalent of approximately 0.2 gw. such mw equivalent amount refers to the ratio of revenue recognized for the projects sold/ under contract in our advanced-stage project pipeline compared to total contracted revenue for such projects, multiplied by the total mw for such projects. the remaining revenue to be recognized subsequent to december 31, 2014 for the projects sold/ under contract in our advanced-stage project pipeline is expected to be approximately $3.0 billion. the substantial majority of this amount is expected to be recognized as revenue through the later of the substantial completion or project closing dates of the projects sold/ under contract. the remaining revenue to be recognized does not have a direct correlation to expected remaining module shipments for such projects sold/ under contract as expected module shipments do not represent total systems revenues and do not consider the timing of when all revenue recognition criteria are met including the timing of module installation. the actual volume of modules installed in our projects sold/ under contract will be greater than the project size in mw ac as module volumes required for a project are based upon mw dc, which will be greater than the mw ac size pursuant to a dc-ac ratio typically ranging from 1.2 to 1.4. such ratio varies across different projects due to various system design factors. projects are removed from our advanced-stage project pipeline tables below once we have completed construction and after all revenue has been recognized.
we continually seek to make additions to our advanced-stage project pipeline. we are actively developing our early to mid-stage project pipeline in order to secure ppas and are also pursuing opportunities to acquire advanced-stage projects, which already have ppas in place. from february 26, 2014 through february 24, 2015, we acquired 1.4 mw of advanced-stage projects, and we expect to acquire additional advanced-stage projects when such acquisitions meet our strategic and/or our return on investment requirements.
51
projects sold/ under contract
(includes uncompleted sold projects, projects under sales contracts subject to conditions precedent, and epc agreements including partner developed projects that we will be or are constructing)
as of december 31, 2014
project/location                            project size in mw ac (2)   ppa contracted partner        third-party owner/purchaser   expected year revenue recognition will be completed by   percentage complete   percentage of revenue recognized mccoy, california                                  250                  sce                           nextera (3)                                                                     2016   2%                    2%
silver state south, nevada                         250                  sce                           nextera                                                                         2016   9%                    9%
southern california                                175                  various                       various (3)                                                                     2016   -%                    -%
agl, australia                                     155                  agl                           agl (3) (8)                                                                     2015   43%                   43%
imperial energy center west, california            150                  sdg&amp;e                     tenaska (3)                                                                     2016   2%                    2%
taylor, georgia                                    130                  various                       southern company (3)                                                            2016   -%                    -%
decatur parkway solar, georgia                      83                  georgia power                 southern company (3)                                                            2015   -%                    -%
california (multiple locations) (11)                79                  pg&amp;e/sce                  various (3)                                                                     2015   95%                   95%
copper mountain 2, nevada                           58                  pg&amp;e                      sempra (3)                                                                  2015 (4)   58%                   58%
shams ma'an, jordan                                 53                  nepco (13)                    various (3)                                                                     2016   -%                    -%
seville, california                                 52                  seville solar                 seville solar (3)                                                               2015   -%                    -%
cid solar and cottonwood, california                43                  pg&amp;e/marin clean energy   edf renewable energy (3)                                                        2015   55%                   55%
elm city, north carolina                            40                  uog (5)                       duke (3)                                                                        2015   -%                    -%
pnm3, new mexico                                    23                  uog (5)                       pnm (3)                                                                         2015   77%                   77%
total                                            1,541
52
projects with executed ppa - not sold/ not contracted (1)
project/location               fully permitted     project size in mw ac (2)   ppa contracted partner        expected or actual substantial completion year   as of december 31, 2014 percentage complete tribal solar (16)              no                         310                  sce                                                                     2019                                           10%
stateline, california          yes                        300                  sce                                                                     2016                                           15%
california flats, california   no                         280                  pg&amp;e/apple inc. (6)                                             2016 (7)                                            -%
moapa, nevada                  yes                        250                  ladwp                                                                   2015                                           14%
india (multiple locations)     no                         145                  tsspdcl / apspdcl (14)                                                  2016                                            -%
luz del norte, chile           yes                        141                  (12)                                                                    2015                                           23%
north star, california         yes                         60                  pg&amp;e                                                                2015                                           42%
cuyama, california             yes                         40                  pg&amp;e                                                       2015/2016 (7)                                            9%
kingbird, california           yes                         40                  scppa (10)/city of pasadena                                             2015                                            5%
lost hills, california         yes                         32                  pg&amp;e                                                            2015 (9)                                           76%
portal ridge, california       yes                         31                  pg&amp;e/sce (15)                                                       2015                                            -%
barilla, texas                 yes                         30                  (17)                                                                    2015                                           73%
total                                                   1,659
key:
(1)   includes projects with no ppa, but for which electricity will be sold in a competitive wholesale market
(2)   the volume of modules installed in mw dc ("direct current") will be higher than the mw ac ("alternating current") size pursuant to a dc-ac ratio typically ranging from 1.2 to 1.4; such ratio varies across different projects due to various system design factors
(3)   represents an epc contract or partner developed project
(4)   first 92 mw ac phase was completed in 2012; remaining phase is 58 mw ac for which substantial completion is expected in 2015
(5)   uog is defined as utility owned generation
(6)   pg&amp;e 150 mw ac and apple inc. 130 mw ac
(7)   pg&amp;e ppa term does not begin until 2019
(8)   first solar will own five percent of projects (102 mw ac nyngan and 53 mw ac broken hill)
(9)   project has short-term ppa that begins in 2015 with pg&amp;e ppa beginning in 2019
(10)   scppa is defined as southern california public power authority; scppa 20 mw ac and city of pasadena 20 mw ac
(11)   kent south (kings county), kansas (kings county), adams east (fresno county), and old river (kern county)
(12)   no ppa - electricity sold in competitive wholesale market
(13)   nepco is defined as national electric power company, the country of jordan's regulatory authority for power generation and distribution and a consortium of investors
(14)   tsspdcl is defined as southern power distribution company of telangana state ltd and consists of a 65 mw project with expected completion in 2015; and apspdcl is defined as andhra pradesh southern power distribution company ltd and consists of a 80 mw project with expected completion in 2016
(15)   pg&amp;e 11 mw ac and sce 20 mw ac
(16)   tribal solar located on tribal land
(17)   short term ppa with mp2 energy llc for approximately 40% of the output from the first 22 mw ac phase of the project
53
results of operations the following table sets forth our consolidated statements of operations as a percentage of net sales for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012:
years ended december 31,
2014               2013               2012
net sales                                                         100.0     %        100.0     %        100.0   %
cost of sales                                                      75.6     %         73.9     %         74.7   %
gross profit                                                       24.4     %         26.1     %         25.3   %
research and development                                            4.2     %          4.1     %          3.9   %
selling, general and administrative                                 7.5     %          8.2     %          8.3   %
production start-up                                                 0.2     %          0.1     %          0.2   %
restructuring and asset impairments                                   -     %          2.6     %         13.9   %
operating income (loss)                                            12.5     %         11.1     %         (1.1   )%
foreign currency loss, net                                         (0.1    )%            -     %         (0.1   )%
interest income                                                     0.5     %          0.5     %          0.4   %
interest expense, net                                              (0.1    )%         (0.1    )%         (0.4   )%
other (expense) income, net                                        (0.2    )%         (0.1    )%            -   %
income tax expense                                                 (0.9    )%         (0.8    )%         (1.7   )%
equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates, net of tax        (0.1    )%            -     %            -   %
net income (loss)                                                  11.7     %         10.7     %         (2.9   )%
segment overview we operate our business in two segments. our components segment involves the design, manufacture, and sale of solar modules which convert sunlight into electricity. we primarily manufacture cdte modules and have also begun manufacturing high-efficiency crystalline silicon modules. third-party customers of our components segment include project developers, system integrators, and owners and operators of pv solar power systems.
our second segment is our fully integrated systems segment, through which we provide complete turn-key pv solar power systems, or solar solutions that draw upon our capabilities, which include (i) project development, (ii) epc services, (iii) o&m services, and (iv) project finance expertise. we may provide our full epc services or any combination of individual products and services within our epc capabilities depending upon the customer and market opportunity. all of our systems segment products and services are for pv solar power systems which primarily use our solar modules, and such products and services are sold directly to investor owned utilities, independent power developers and producers, commercial and industrial companies, and other system owners. additionally, within our systems segment, we may hold and operate certain of our pv solar power systems based on strategic opportunities.
in our reportable segment financial disclosures, we include an allocation of net sales value for all solar modules manufactured by our components segment and installed in projects sold or built by our systems segment in the net sales of our components segment. in the gross profit of our reportable segment disclosures, we include the corresponding cost of sales value for the solar modules installed in projects sold or built by our systems segment in the components segment. the cost of solar modules is comprised of the manufactured cost incurred by our components segment.
see note 24 "segment and geographical information," to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2014 included in this annual report on form 10-k.
see also item 7: "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - systems project pipeline" for a description of the projects in our advanced-stage project pipeline. due to the distinct size, profitability, and terms of the underlying sales arrangements for each project under construction, the timing of meeting all revenue recognition criteria may create uneven net sales and gross profit patterns, making year over year comparisons less meaningful.
54
product revenue the following table sets forth the total amounts of solar modules and solar power systems net sales for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012. for the purpose of the following table, (a) solar module revenue is composed of total net sales from the sale of solar modules to third parties, and (b) solar power system revenue is composed of total net sales from the sale of pv solar power systems and related services and solutions including the solar modules installed in the pv solar power systems we develop and construct along with revenue generated from our pv solar power systems (in thousands):
2014                    2013                    2012
solar module revenue                  $228,319                $380,869                $325,427
solar power system revenue           3,163,495               2,928,120               3,043,118
net sales                           $3,391,814              $3,308,989              $3,368,545
solar module revenue to third parties decreased by $152.6 million during 2014 compared to 2013 due to a 26% reduction in the volume of watts sold and a 19% decrease in the average selling price per watt.
solar power system revenue increased by $235.4 million during 2014 compared to 2013 primarily as a result of the number and size of projects under construction between these periods as well as the timing of when all the revenue recognition criteria have been met. specifically, the increase was attributable to higher revenue from the partial sale of our solar gen 2 project, the sale of our campo verde and macho springs projects, and the commencement of construction and related revenue recognition on multiple projects in california and our agl nyngan project in australia. these increases were partially offset by decreases in systems business project revenue resulting from our desert sunlight project as it nears substantial completion, our completed first phase of the imperial valley energy center south project, our completed amherstburg, belmont, and walpole projects, and the completion of the agua caliente project.
solar module revenue to third parties increased by $55.4 million during 2013 compared to 2012 due to an increase in the volume of watts sold of 39%, partially offset by a 15% decrease in the average selling price per watt.
solar power system revenue decreased by $115.0 million for 2013 compared to 2012 primarily due to the number and size of projects under construction between these periods as well as the timing of when all the revenue recognition criteria have been met. solar power system revenue included decreases in net sales from our av solar ranch one, copper mountain 2, and topaz projects, which are at various points of completion, combined with reductions in net sales for the substantially completed agua caliente, alpine, silver state north, avra valley, and greenough river projects. these decreases were partially offset by increases in net sales from the initial revenue recognition for our desert sunlight, pnm, and dewa projects combined with increases in net sales from our completed first phase of the imperial energy center south project and our projects in canada, including amherstburg, belmont, and walpole.
net sales components business we generally price and sell our solar modules per watt of name plate power. during 2014, a significant portion of net sales from the components business related to modules included in our pv solar power systems described below under "net sales - systems business." other than the modules included in our pv solar power systems, we sold the majority of our solar modules to pv solar power system project developers, system integrators, and operators who own, operate, or construct solar projects in india, great britain, israel, and the united states.
from time to time we enter into module sales agreements with customers worldwide for specific projects or volumes of modules. such agreements are generally not long-term in nature. during the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, 39% and 48%, respectively, of our components business net sales, excluding modules included in our pv solar power systems, were denominated in euros and were subject to fluctuations in the exchange rate between the euro and u.s. dollar.
under our typical customer sales contracts for solar modules, we transfer title and risk of loss to the customer and recognize revenue upon shipment. pricing is typically fixed or determinable at the time of shipment, and our customers do not typically have extended payment terms. customers do not have rights of return under these contracts. our revenue recognition policies for the components business are described further in note 2 "summary of significant accounting policies," to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2014 included in this annual report on form 10-k.
55
during 2014, southern company, midamerican energy company, and nextera energy, inc. individually accounted for more than 10% of our components segment's net sales, which includes the solar modules used in our systems projects.
systems business through our fully integrated systems business, we provide a complete turn-key solar power system solution using our solar modules, which may include project development, epc services, o&m services, and project finance expertise. additionally, from time to time we may own and operate pv solar power systems, which will be included within our systems business. revenue recognition for our systems projects are in many cases not linear in nature due to the timing of when all revenue recognition criteria are met, and consequently, period over period comparisons of results of operations may not be meaningful. we typically use the percentage-of-completion method using actual costs incurred over total estimated costs to construct a project (including module costs) as our standard accounting policy, but we only apply this method after all revenue recognition criteria have been met. there are also many instances in which we recognize revenue only after a project has been completed, primarily due to a project not being sold prior to completion or because all revenue recognition criteria are not met until the project is completed. our revenue recognition policies for the systems business are described in further detail in note 2 "summary of significant accounting policies," to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2014 included in this annual report on form 10-k.
during 2014, 2013, and 2012, the majority of our systems segment net sales were generated in north america.
during 2014, the principal customers of our systems segment were southern company, nextera energy, inc., and midamerican energy company, each of which accounted for more than 10% of our systems segment sales.
the following table shows net sales by reportable segment for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012:
years ended                                                                 change
(dollars in thousands)   2014                    2013                    2012                                     2014 over 2013      2013 over 2012
components                      $1,102,674              $1,173,947              $1,185,958          $(71,273    )        (6   )%      $(12,011      )         (1   )%
systems                          2,289,140               2,135,042               2,182,587           154,098              7    %      (47,545       )         (2   )%
net sales                       $3,391,814              $3,308,989              $3,368,545           $82,825              3    %      $(59,556      )         (2   )%
the 3% increase in net sales during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared with the year ended december 31, 2013 was primarily due to a 7% increase in net sales from our systems segment, partially offset by a 6% decrease in net sales from our components segment.
net sales from our components segment, which includes solar modules used in our systems projects, decreased by $71.3 million due to a 12% decrease in average selling prices, partially offset by a 7% increase in the volume of watts sold.
net sales from our systems segment, which excludes solar modules used in our systems projects, increased by $154.1 million, primarily as a result of the number and size of projects under construction between these periods as well as the timing of when all the revenue recognition criteria have been met. specifically, the increase was attributable to higher revenue from the partial sale of our solar gen 2 project, the sale of our campo verde and macho springs projects, and the commencement of construction and related revenue recognition on multiple projects in california and our agl nyngan project in australia. these increases were partially offset by decreases in systems business project revenue resulting from our desert sunlight project as it nears substantial completion, our completed first phase of the imperial valley energy center south project, our completed amherstburg, belmont, and walpole projects, and the completion of the agua caliente project.
the 2% decrease in net sales during 2013 compared with 2012 was primarily due to a 2% decrease in net sales from our systems segment and a 1% decrease in net sales from our components segment.
net sales from our components segment, which includes solar modules used in our systems projects, decreased by $12.0 million due to a 17% decrease in average selling prices, partially offset by a 19% increase in the volume of watts sold.
56
net sales from our systems segment, which excludes solar modules used in our systems projects, decreased by $47.5 million, primarily due to the number and size of projects under construction between these periods as well as the timing of when all revenue recognition criteria have been met. net sales from our systems segment included decreases in net sales from our av solar ranch one, copper mountain 2, and topaz projects, which are at various points of completion combined with reductions in net sales for the substantially completed agua caliente, alpine, silver state north, avra valley, and greenough river projects. these decreases were partially offset by increases in net sales from initial revenue recognition for our desert sunlight, pnm, and dewa projects combined with increases in net sales from our completed first phase of the imperial energy center south project and our projects in canada, including amherstburg, belmont, and walpole.
cost of sales components business our cost of sales includes the cost of raw materials and components for manufacturing solar modules, such as glass, transparent conductive coatings, cadmium telluride and other thin film semiconductors, laminate materials, connector assemblies, edge seal materials, and other materials and components. our cost of sales also includes direct labor for the manufacturing of solar modules and manufacturing overhead such as engineering, equipment maintenance, environmental health and safety, quality and production control, and procurement costs. cost of sales also includes depreciation of manufacturing plant and equipment and facility-related expenses. in addition, we record shipping, warranty, and the majority of our obligation for solar module collection and recycling costs within cost of sales.
as further described in note 24 "segment and geographical information," to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2014 included within this annual report on form 10-k, at the time when all revenue recognition criteria are met, we include the sale of our solar modules manufactured by our components business and used by our systems business within net sales of our components business. therefore, the related cost of sales is also included within our components business at that time.
systems business within our systems business, project-related costs include standard epc costs (consisting primarily of bos costs for inverters, electrical and mounting hardware, project management and engineering costs, and engineering and construction labor costs), site specific costs, and development costs (including transmission upgrade costs, interconnection fees, and permitting costs).
the following table shows cost of sales by reportable segment for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012:
years ended                                                                 change
(dollars in thousands)                    2014                    2013                    2012                    2014 over 2013      2013 over 2012
components                      $1,009,164              $1,085,441              $1,130,196          $(76,277    )        (7   )%      $(44,755      )         (4   )%
systems                          1,555,545               1,360,794               1,385,600           194,751             14    %      (24,806       )         (2   )%
cost of sales                   $2,564,709              $2,446,235              $2,515,796          $118,474              5    %      $(69,561      )         (3   )%
% of net sales                        75.6   %                73.9   %                74.7   %
our cost of sales increased by $118.5 million, or 5%, and increased by 1.7 percentage points as a percentage of net sales when comparing 2014 with 2013. the increase in cost of sales was driven by a $194.8 million increase in our systems segment cost of sales primarily for bos components and other construction and development costs related to the number of projects and the timing of when all revenue recognition criteria were met along with a mix of higher cost projects. these increases were partially offset by a $76.3 million reduction in cost of sales in our components segment primarily due to the following:
•continued manufacturing cost reductions of $164.9 million and
•lower inventory write-off and asset impairment charges of $16.8 million; partially offset by
•higher costs of $67.9 million associated with increased solar modules sales volumes and
•the downward change in estimate of $43.3 million on our future recycling costs recorded during 2013.
57
our costs of sales decreased by $69.6 million, or 3%, and declined 0.8 percentage points as a percentage of net sales when comparing 2013 with 2012. the decrease in cost of sales was primarily due to a $44.8 million reduction in cost of sales in our components segment and can largely be attributed to the following 2012 expenses that substantially did not occur in 2013:
•   decreased expenses of $39.5 million associated with the voluntary remediation efforts for our 2008-2009 manufacturing excursion;
•   accelerated depreciation expense of $24.8 million for certain manufacturing equipment that was replaced as part of our planned equipment upgrade programs;
•   lower expenses of $27.5 million associated with inventory write-downs to lower of cost or market and other adjustments primarily as a result of favorable fluctuations in inventory market pricing;
•   reduced expenses of $15.8 million related to our voluntary remediation efforts for workmanship issues affecting a limited number of solar modules manufactured between october 2008 and june 2009.
in addition, in 2013, the adjustment to lower our module and collection and recycling liability was $17.9 million higher than the prior year resulting in a reduction to cost of sales. these decreases in our cost of sales were partially offset by a $45.6 million increase associated with growth in the volume of solar modules sold, net of cost reductions in our manufacturing process and module efficiency improvements. also, our cost of sales was unfavorably impacted by lower utilization of our manufacturing capacity due to the temporary idling of production lines in perrysburg, ohio and kulim, malaysia causing a $23.6 million increase in cost of sales. additionally, cost of sales decreased by $24.8 million in our systems segment primarily for bos components and other construction costs related to the relative number and size of various utility-scale solar power systems under construction and the progress on such construction between the periods as well as the timing of when all revenue recognition criteria were met.
gross profit gross profit is affected by numerous factors, including our module and system average selling prices, our manufacturing costs, bos costs, project development costs, the effective utilization of our production capacity and facilities, and foreign exchange rates. gross profit is also affected by the mix of net sales generated by our components and systems businesses. gross profit for our systems business excludes the sales and cost of sales for solar modules used in our systems projects which we include in the gross profit of our components business. as we move to a higher mix of third-party epc only contracts, the gross profit on those contracts could be lower than gross profit on our self developed contracts.
the following table shows gross profit for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012:
years ended   change
(dollars in thousands)                  2014                  2013                  2012   2014 over 2013                                      2013 over 2012
gross profit                    $827,105              $862,754              $852,749       $(35,649      )         (4   )%        $10,005              1   %
% of net sales                      24.4   %              26.1   %              25.3   %
gross profit as a percentage of net sales decreased by 1.7 percentage points during 2014 compared with 2013 primarily due to a mix of lower gross profit projects sold and under construction in 2014 and an adjustment for lower estimated recycling costs recorded in 2013. these decreases in gross profit were partially offset by favorable changes in estimated costs on systems projects accounted for under the percentage-of-completion method, a lower volume of third-party module net sales, which generally have margins less than systems business projects, and higher capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities.
gross profit as a percentage of net sales increased by 0.8 percentage points during 2013 compared with 2012 primarily due to the following: (i) a 1.2 percentage point increase related to lower expense associated with voluntary remediation efforts for our 2008-2009 manufacturing excursion; (ii) a 0.6 percentage point increase related to lower module collection and recycling liability; (iii) a 0.7 percentage point increase due to lower accelerated depreciation expense for certain manufacturing equipment that have been replaced as part of our planned upgrade programs; (iv) a 0.8 percentage point increase related to lower inventory write-down expense ; and (v) a 0.5 percentage point increase due to lower costs associated with voluntary remediation efforts for workmanship issues affecting a limited number of solar modules manufactured between october 2008 and june 2009. these increases were partially offset by a 1.7 percentage point gross profit decrease in systems segment due to the mix of lower gross profit projects under construction between the periods and a 1.3 percentage point decrease due to lower gross profit for modules sold in our components segment primarily due to increased underutilization and lower average selling prices compared to module production costs between periods.
58
research and development research and development expense consists primarily of salaries and personnel-related costs, the cost of products, materials, and outside services used in our process and product research and development activities for both the components and systems businesses, and depreciation and amortization expense associated with research and development specific facilities and intangible assets. we acquire equipment for general use in our process and product development and record the depreciation of this equipment as research and development expense. currently, the substantial majority of our research and development expenses are attributable to our components segment. we maintain a number of programs and activities to improve our technology and processes in order to enhance the performance and reduce the costs of our solar modules and pv solar power systems using our modules.
the following table shows research and development expense for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012:
years ended                                                             change
(dollars in thousands)                    2014                  2013                  2012                  2014 over 2013                     2013 over 2012
research and development          $143,969              $134,300              $132,460          $9,669              7   %          $1,840              1    %
% of net sales                         4.2   %               4.1   %               3.9   %
the overall increase in our research and development expense during 2014 compared with 2013 primarily resulted from additional costs related to the development of our next-generation cdte solar modules, our joint collaboration agreement with ge to further advance our cdte solar technology, and higher employee compensation costs. during 2014, we continued the development of our solar modules with increased efficiencies at converting sunlight into electricity and increased the average conversion efficiency of our solar modules from 13.2% in 2013 to 14.0% in 2014.
the overall increase in our research and development expense during 2013 compared with 2012 primarily resulted from costs related to the improvement of our current generation modules, integration of our module and bos technology into our pv power plants, and the development of our next generation cdte and crystalline silicon solar cells. the increase in research and development expense of $1.8 million year over year was primarily related to our acquisition of cdte pv intellectual property assets and solar manufacturing processes from ge and an acquisition of crystalline silicon technology from tetrasun. in connection with the ge acquisition, we entered into a joint collaboration agreement with ge to collaborate on future technology development to further advance cdte solar technology. research and development expense increased $5.8 million as a result of tetrasun acquisition primarily due to incremental increases in labor, facility, and depreciation expenses as well as additional costs related to testing of the tetrasun cell manufacturing technology and the development of crystalline silicon solar cells. these increases were partially offset by a $3.2 million decrease in personnel-related expenses resulting from lower employee compensation. during 2013, we continued the development of our solar modules with increased efficiencies at converting sunlight into electricity and increased the average conversion efficiency of our solar modules from 12.6% in 2012 to 13.2% in 2013.
selling, general and administrative selling, general and administrative expense consists primarily of salaries and other personnel-related costs, professional fees, insurance costs, travel expenses, and other business development and selling expenses. our components and systems businesses each has certain of its own dedicated administrative key functions, such as accounting, legal, finance, project finance, human resources, procurement, and marketing. costs for these functions are recorded and included within selling, general and administrative costs of the respective segment. our corporate key functions consist primarily of company-wide corporate tax, corporate treasury, corporate accounting/finance, corporate legal, investor relations, corporate communications,government relations, and executive management functions. these corporate functions and the assets supporting such functions benefit both the components and systems segments. we allocate corporate costs to the components and systems segments as part of selling, general and administrative costs, based upon the estimated benefits provided to each segment from these corporate functions. we determine the estimated benefits provided to each segment for these corporate costs based upon a combination of the estimated time spent by corporate employees supporting each segment and the average relative selling, general and administrative costs incurred by each segment before such corporate allocations.
59
the following table shows selling, general and administrative expense for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012:
years ended   change
(dollars in thousands)                               2014                  2013                  2012   2014 over 2013                       2013 over 2012
selling, general and administrative          $253,827              $270,261              $280,928       $(16,434      )         (6   )%      $(10,667      )         (4   )%
% of net sales                                    7.5   %               8.2   %               8.3   %
our selling, general and administrative expenses decreased by $16.4 million, or 6%, and were 7.5% and 8.2% as a percentage of net sales, when comparing 2014 with 2013, respectively. the most significant items affecting our selling, general and administrative costs during 2014 and 2013 are as follows:
•   lower depreciation and amortization expense of $14.4 million primarily due to accelerated deprecation for certain leasehold improvements and the sale of our mesa facility in 2013;
•   lower employee compensation and benefits expense of $5.4 million primarily as a result of lower incentive and share-based compensation; partially offset by
•   higher business development expense of $4.0 million driven by our continued expansion into certain strategically targeted sustainable markets.
our selling, general and administrative expenses decreased by $10.7 million, or 4%, and were 8.2% and 8.3% as a percentage of net sales, when comparing 2013 with 2012, respectively. the most significant items affecting our selling, general and administrative costs during 2013 and 2012 are as follows:
•   a $15.9 million reduction in expense related to the 2008-2009 manufacturing excursion, which was recorded in 2012;
•   lower infrastructure expenses of $7.1 million primarily due to an early exit from certain administrative office leases in 2012 and a reduction in telecommunication spending; and
•   decreased depreciation and amortization expense of $6.4 million mainly due to the acceleration of expense for certain leasehold improvements in 2012 and lower depreciation expense related to our mesa facility; partially offset by
•   increased project, business development, legal, and professional services fees of $14.5 million largely due to additional business development activity and the continued expansion of our systems business into sustainable markets and
•   higher salary and benefit expenses of $5.6 million in connection with an increase in share-based compensation of $26.1 million, partially offset by a decrease in salaries of $20.5 million due to headcount reductions and lower incentive compensation. share based compensation expense increased primarily as a result of the impact of a change in our estimated forfeiture rate for share-based compensation awards in 2012, partially offset by a change in 2013. our 2012 restructuring activities resulted in an increase in actual forfeitures and thus lower share based compensation expense compared with historical experience prior to such restructuring activities.
production start-up production start-up expense consists primarily of salaries and personnel-related costs and the cost of operating a production line before it has been qualified for full production, including the cost of raw materials for solar modules run through the production line during the qualification phase. it also includes all expenses related to the selection of a new site, the related legal and regulatory costs, and the costs to maintain our plant replication program, to the extent we cannot capitalize these expenditures. in general, we expect production start-up expense per production line to be higher when we build an entirely new manufacturing facility compared with the addition of new production lines at an existing manufacturing facility, primarily due to the additional infrastructure investment required when building an entirely new facility. production start-up expense is attributable to our components segment.
the following table shows production start-up expense for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012:
years ended                                                              change
(dollars in thousands)                2014                2013                2012                  2014 over 2013      2013 over 2012
production start-up             $5,146              $2,768              $7,823          $2,378             86   %       $(5,055     )         (65   )%
% of net sales                     0.2   %             0.1   %             0.2   %
60
during 2014, 2013, and 2012 we incurred $5.1 million, $2.8 million, and $7.8 million, respectively, of production start-up expenses. in 2014, expenses primarily related to the start-up of our tetrasun operations. expenses for 2013 and 2012 are primarily for global manufacturing personnel dedicated plant expansion, new equipment installation, equipment upgrades, and process improvements for both new and existing plants.
restructuring and asset impairments restructuring and asset impairment expense includes those expenses incurred related to material restructuring initiatives and include severance and employee termination costs that are directly related to our restructuring initiatives, costs associated with contract terminations, and other restructuring related costs. these restructuring initiatives are intended to align the organization with current business conditions (including expected sustainable market opportunities) and to reduce costs.
the following table shows restructuring and asset impairments expense for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012:
years ended                                           change
(dollars in thousands)                2014                         2013                  2012   2014 over 2013                         2013 over 2012
restructuring and asset impairments       $-                $86,896              $469,101       $(86,896      )         (100   )%      $(382,205     )         (81   )%
% of net sales                            -       %             2.6   %              13.9   %
during 2013 and 2012 our restructuring and asset impairment charges included $5.2 million and $469.1 million, respectively, related to restructuring initiatives announced in 2012 for charges associated with the closure of our german manufacturing plants and our decision not to move forward with our previously planned four-line manufacturing plant in vietnam. additionally, during 2013 we recorded asset impairment expense of $56.5 million related to the agreement to sell our mesa, arizona facility and an additional $25.2 million impairment charge to adjust the carrying value of our plant in vietnam. the effect of these asset impairments reduced the book value of both our mesa, arizona facility and vietnam plant to fair value, less costs to sell. see note 4 "restructuring and asset impairments," to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2014 included in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information.
foreign currency loss, net foreign currency loss, net consists of the net effect of gains and losses resulting from holding assets and liabilities and conducting transactions denominated in currencies other than our subsidiaries' functional currencies.
the following table shows foreign currency loss for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012:
years ended                                           change
(dollars in thousands)       2014                2013              2012                2014 over 2013                                        2013 over 2012
foreign currency loss, net       $(3,017     )       $(259     )       $(2,122     )   $(2,758     )         1,065   %          $1,863             (88   )%
foreign currency loss increased during 2014 compared with 2013, and decreased during 2013 compared with 2012, primarily due to differences between our economic hedge positions and the underlying exposure along with changes in the associated exchange rates.
interest income interest income is earned on our cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, and restricted cash and investments. interest income also includes interest received from notes receivable and any interest collected for late customer payments.
the following table shows interest income for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012:
years ended                                                             change
(dollars in thousands)   2014                2013                2012                               2014 over 2013                     2013 over 2012
interest income                $18,030             $16,752             $12,824          $1,278              8    %         $3,928             31    %
interest income in 2014 was consistent with interest income in 2013.
61
interest income increased by $3.9 million during 2013 compared with 2012 primarily due to interest earned on notes receivable from affiliates of $1.4 million combined with increased interest earned on higher average balances of our cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, and other notes receivable.
interest expense, net interest expense is incurred on various debt financings. we capitalize interest expense into our property, plant and equipment or project assets when such costs qualify for interest capitalization, reducing the amount of interest expense reported in any given period.
the following table shows interest expense, net for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012:
years ended                                               change
(dollars in thousands)   2014                2013                2012                  2014 over 2013                                   2013 over 2012
interest expense, net        $(1,982     )       $(1,884     )       $(13,888      )   $(98      )          5    %        $12,004             (86   )%
interest expense, net of amounts capitalized in 2014 was consistent with interest expense, net of amounts capitalized in 2013.
interest expense, net of amounts capitalized, decreased during 2013 compared with 2012 primarily as a result of $4.7 million in expense during 2012 associated with the repayment of a german credit facility agreement. the remaining decrease in interest expense, net is primarily related to lower average outstanding debt balances between the periods, partially offset by a decrease in capitalized interest during the period.
other (expense) income, net other (expense) income, net is primarily comprised of miscellaneous items, amounts excluded from hedge effectiveness, and realized gains and losses on the sale of marketable securities.
the following table shows other (expense) income, net for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012:
years ended                                           change
(dollars in thousands)        2014                2013                2012              2014 over 2013                   2013 over 2012
other (expense) income, net       $(5,203     )       $(4,758     )          $945       $(445     )          9    %      $(5,703     )         (603   )%
other (expense) income, net in 2014 was consistent with other (expense) income, net in 2013.
other (expense) income, net increased during 2013 compared with 2012 as a result of a $4.5 million gain on the settlement of long-term debt recognized during 2012. in addition, our financing fees, including letter of credit and commitment fees based on the average daily unused commitments under our revolving credit facility, increased by $0.4 million year over year.
income (loss) before taxes and equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates the following table shows income (loss) before income taxes and equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012:
years ended                                                                      change
(dollars in thousands)   2014                  2013                  2012                                    2014 over 2013                           2013 over 2012
components                     $(107,088   )         $(222,382   )          (687,767   )      $115,294             (52   )%         $465,385                (68   )%
systems                          539,079               600,762               647,963           (61,683    )        (10   )%          (47,201    )            (7   )%
total                           $431,991              $378,380              $(39,804   )       $53,611              14    %         $418,184             (1,051   )%
components segment loss before income taxes and equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates decreased by $115.3 million during 2014 compared with 2013 primarily as a result of lower restructuring and asset impairment charges related to the sale of our facility in mesa, arizona and a decrease in selling, general and administrative expense mainly driven by less depreciation and amortization expense for certain leasehold improvements and our mesa facility. these reductions were partially offset by an adjustment for lower estimated recycling costs recorded during 2013.
62
systems segment income before income taxes and equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates decreased by $61.7 million during 2014 compared with 2013 due to a mix of lower gross profit projects sold and under construction in 2014 and higher selling, general and administrative expense attributable to increased headcount and higher development and consulting expenses from expanding into new markets. these items were partially offset by favorable changes in estimated costs on systems projects accounted for under the percentage-of-completion method.
components segment loss before income taxes and equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates decreased by $465.4 million, during 2013 compared with 2012 primarily due to higher net sales related to an increase in the volume of modules sold and lower restructuring expenses partially offset by higher asset impairment expenses. in addition, our components segment cost of sales decreased 4% during 2013 compared with 2012, primarily due to (i) a decrease in module collection and recycling liability; (ii) a decrease in costs associated with voluntary remediation efforts for our 2008-2009 manufacturing excursion; (iii) lower accelerated depreciation expense for certain manufacturing equipment that was replaced as part of our planned equipment upgrade programs; (iv) lower inventory write-down expense primarily as a result of favorable fluctuations in inventory market pricing; and (v) a decrease in costs associated with voluntary remediation efforts for workmanship issues affecting a limited number of solar modules manufactured between october 2008 and june 2009. these decreases were partially offset by higher cost of sales associated with growth in the volume of solar modules sold and underutilization charges.
systems segment loss before income taxes and equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates decreased $47.2 million during 2013 compared with 2012 primarily due to the difference in project gross profit mix for which revenue was recognized during 2013 compared with 2012.
income tax expense income taxes are imposed on our taxable income by taxing authorities in the various jurisdictions in which we operate, principally the united states, germany, and malaysia. the statutory federal corporate income tax rate in the united states is 35.0%, while the tax rates in germany and malaysia are approximately 30.2% and 25.0%, respectively. in malaysia, we have been granted a long-term tax holiday, scheduled to expire in 2027, pursuant to which substantially all of our income earned in malaysia is exempt from income tax.
the following table shows income tax expense for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012:
years ended   change
(dollars in thousands)                  2014                  2013   2012                   2014 over 2013                                     2013 over 2012
income tax expense              $(30,124   )          $(25,179   )       $(56,534      )    $(4,945     )         20   %         $31,355             (55   )%
effective tax rate                   7.0   %               6.7   %       (142.0        )%
income tax expense increased by $4.9 million during 2014 compared with 2013. the increase in income tax expense was primarily attributable to an increase in pretax book income earned in higher tax jurisdictions in 2014, partially offset by a discrete tax benefit of $26.2 million due to the expiration of the statute of limitations for various uncertain tax positions. see note 20 "income taxes," to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2014 included in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information.
income tax expense decreased by $31.4 million during 2013 compared with 2012, primarily due to a reduction in valuation allowance recorded year over year, offset by an increase in pre-tax book income. see note 20 "income taxes," to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2014 included in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information.
equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates, net of tax equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates, net of tax represents our proportionate share of the earnings and losses of unconsolidated affiliates with whom we have made equity method investments.
the following table shows equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates, net of tax for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012:
63
years ended   change
(dollars in thousands)                                        2014             2013           2012        2014 over 2013                        2013 over 2012
equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates, net of tax       (4,949   )       (163   )       -       $(4,786     )         2,936   %       $(163     )         (100   )%
losses from unconsolidated affiliates increased during 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to the impairment of certain of our equity method investments. additionally, during the period, we increased strategic investments in certain third-parties to develop, construct, or operate solar power projects, and a small portion of the increase in 2014 related to our corresponding share of these entities' operating losses. these types of ventures are core to our business and long-term strategy related to providing solar solutions using our modules to sustainable geographic markets. losses from unconsolidated affiliates in 2013 were consistent with 2012.
liquidity and capital resources as of december 31, 2014, we believe that our cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, cash flows from operating activities including the contracted portion of our advanced-stage project pipeline, availability under our revolving credit facility considering minimum liquidity covenant requirements, and access to the capital markets will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditure needs for at least the next 12 months. we intend to continue to carefully manage credit and market risk.
cash generated from operations, including the contracted portion of our advanced-stage project pipeline, is our primary source of operating liquidity, and we believe that internally generated cash flows combined with our existing cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, and availability under our revolving credit facility considering minimum liquidity covenant requirements, are sufficient to support day-to-day business operations. we monitor our working capital to ensure we have adequate liquidity, both domestically and internationally.
in june 2013, we sold 9.7 million shares of common stock for proceeds of $428.2 million, net of issuance costs. in july 2013, we entered into an amendment to our revolving credit facility, which extended $450.0 million in availability through july 2018. additionally, we have an active shelf registration statement filed with the sec for issuance of debt or equity securities if needed.
we intend to maintain appropriate debt levels based upon cash flow expectations, the overall cost of capital and expected cash requirements for operations, capital expenditures, and discretionary strategic spending. in the future, we may also engage in one or more debt or equity financings, potentially including project specific non-recourse debt financings. we believe that when necessary, we will have adequate access to the capital markets, although our ability to raise capital on terms commercially acceptable to us could be constrained if there is insufficient lender or investor interest due to industry-wide or company-specific concerns. such financings could result in increased debt service expenses or dilution to our existing stockholders.
as of december 31, 2014, we had $2.0 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities compared with $1.8 billion as of december 31, 2013. cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities as of december 31, 2014 increased primarily as the result of cash generated from operating activities, partially offset by the repayment of long-term debt and project acquisitions. as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, $1.4 billion and $1.2 billion, respectively, of our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities were held by foreign subsidiaries and are generally based in u.s. dollar and euro denominated holdings. we utilize a variety of tax planning and financing strategies in an effort to ensure that our worldwide cash is available in the locations in which it is needed.
our expanding systems business requires liquidity and is expected to continue to have significant liquidity requirements in the future. the net amount of our project assets, deferred project costs, billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings, and payments and billings for deferred project costs, which approximates our net capital investment in the development and construction of pv solar power systems as of december 31, 2014 was $583.8 million. solar power project development and construction cycles, which span the time between the identification of a site location to the commercial operation of a pv solar power system, vary substantially and can take many years to mature. as a result of these long project cycles, we may need to make significant up-front investments of resources in advance of the receipt of any cash from the sale of such pv solar power systems. these amounts include payment of interconnection and other deposits (some of which are non-refundable), posting of letters of credit, and incurring engineering, permitting, legal, and other expenses. additionally, we may choose to use, and from time to time have used, our working capital, the availability under our revolving credit facility, or enter into non-recourse or limited recourse project financing to finance the construction of our systems projects, if such projects cannot be sold before construction begins. depending upon the size and number of projects that we are developing and self-financing the construction of, the systems business has and is
64
expected in the future to require significant liquidity. for example, we may have to substantially complete the construction of a systems project before such project is sold. delays in construction progress or in completing the sale of our systems projects which we are self-financing may also impact our liquidity. we have historically financed these up-front investments for project development and when necessary, construction, primarily using working capital.
we are partnering with local developers on project development in new markets around the world where we may take an equity stake in a project for a number of years. we are also self-developing projects in such markets where we may hold all or a significant portion of the equity in the projects for several years. given the duration of these investments and the currency risk relative to the u.s. dollar in some of these new markets, we are exploring local financing alternatives. should these financing alternatives be unavailable or too cost prohibitive, our liquidity and exposure to significant currency risk could be adversely impacted.
additionally, our evolving flexible business model allows us to retain ownership of certain of our systems projects for a period of time after they become operational up to the useful life of the pv solar power system if we determine it would be of economic and strategic benefit to do so. if, for example, we cannot sell a systems project at economics that are attractive to us or potential customers are unwilling to assume the risks and rewards typical of pv solar power system ownership, we may instead elect to own and operate such systems project, generally until such time that we can sell a project on economically attractive terms. as with traditional electricity generating assets, the selling price of a solar power plant could be higher post-completion to reflect the elimination of construction and performance risk and other uncertainties. the decision to own and operate a pv solar power system impacts liquidity depending upon the size and cost of the project. we may elect to enter into temporary or long-term non-recourse project financing to reduce the impact on our liquidity and working capital. we are considering entering into yieldco or similar arrangements with respect to ownership interests in certain of our projects, which could cause the economics of such arrangements to be recognized over the project's life, such as the potential joint venture yieldco transaction described under "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - certain trends and uncertainties - yieldco." we define yieldco as an entity that owns cash-generating infrastructure assets including solar power plants and, similar to reits or mlps, spins out ownership to the public markets.
the following considerations have impacted or are expected to impact our liquidity in 2015 and beyond:
•   the amount of accounts receivable, unbilled and retainage as of december 31, 2014 was $77.0 million. included in accounts receivable, unbilled and retainage as of december 31, 2014 was $41.9 million of accounts receivable, unbilled. accounts receivable, unbilled represents revenue that has been recognized in advance of billing the customer under the terms of the underlying construction contracts. such construction costs have been funded with working capital and the unbilled amounts are expected to be billed and collected from customers during the next twelve months. once we meet the billing criteria under a construction contract, we bill our customers accordingly and reclassify the accounts receivable, unbilled and retainage to accounts receivable trade, net. included in accounts receivable, unbilled and retainage as of december 31, 2014, was $35.1 million of current accounts receivable, retainage. accounts receivable, retainage represents the portion of a systems project contract price earned by us for work performed, but held for payment by our customer as a form of security until we reach certain construction milestones. such retainage amounts relate to construction costs incurred and construction work already performed.
•   the amount of finished goods inventory ("solar module inventory") and bos parts as of december 31, 2014 was $567.5 million. as we continue with the construction of our advanced-stage project pipeline, we must produce solar modules and procure bos parts in the required volumes to support our planned construction schedules. as part of the normal construction cycle, we typically must manufacture modules or acquire the necessary bos parts for construction activities in advance of receiving payment for such materials. once solar modules and bos parts are installed in a project, such installed amounts are classified as either project assets, deferred project costs, or cost of sales depending upon whether the project is subject to a definitive sales contract and whether all revenue recognition criteria have been met. accordingly, as of any balance sheet date, our solar module inventory represents solar modules that will be installed in our advanced-stage project pipeline or that we expect to sell to third parties.
•   there may be a delay in when our solar module inventory and bos parts can be converted into cash compared to a typical third-party module sale. such timing differences temporarily reduce our liquidity to the extent that we have already paid for our bos parts or the underlying costs to produce our solar module inventory. as previously announced, we have adjusted, and will in the future adjust, as necessary, our manufacturing capacity and planned solar module production levels, to match expected market demand. any decrease in planned production reduces our risk and the impact on liquidity of having excess solar module inventories that we must sell to third parties while responding to market pricing uncertainties for solar modules. our solar module inventory as of december 31, 2014 is expected to primarily support our systems business, including our advanced-stage project pipeline, with the remaining amounts being used to support expected near
65
term demand for third-party module sales. as of december 31, 2014, approximately $191 million or 43% of our solar module inventory was either on-site or in-transit to our systems projects. all bos parts are for our systems business projects.
•   we expect to commit working capital during 2015 and beyond to acquire solar power projects in various stages of development including advanced-stage projects with ppas and continue developing those projects as necessary. depending upon the size and stage of development, costs to acquire such solar power projects could be significant. when evaluating project acquisition opportunities, we consider both the strategic and financial benefits of any such acquisitions.
•   joint ventures or other business arrangements with strategic partners are a key part of our strategy. we have begun initiatives in several markets to expedite our penetration of those markets and establish relationships with potential strategic partners, customers, and policymakers. many of these business arrangements are expected to involve a significant cash investment or other allocation of working capital that could reduce our liquidity or require us to pursue additional sources of financing, assuming such sources are available to us. additionally, we have elected and may in the future elect or be required to temporarily retain a minority or non-controlling ownership interest in the underlying systems projects we develop, supply modules to, or construct. any such retained ownership interest is expected to impact our liquidity to the extent we do not obtain new sources of capital to fund such investments.
•   during 2015, we expect to spend between $225 million to $275 million for capital expenditures, including expenditures for upgrades to existing machinery and equipment, which we believe will increase our solar module efficiencies. a majority of our capital expenditures for 2015 are expected to be in foreign currencies and are therefore subject to fluctuations in currency exchange rates.
•   under sales agreements for certain of our solar power projects, we may be required to repurchase such projects if certain events occur, such as not achieving commercial operation of the project within a certain time frame. although we consider the possibility that we would be required to repurchase any of our solar power projects to be remote, our current working capital and other available sources of liquidity may not be sufficient to make any required repurchase. if we are required to repurchase a solar power project, we would have the ability to market and sell such project at then current market pricing, which could be at a lower than expected price to the extent the event requiring a repurchase impacts the project's marketability. our liquidity may also be impacted as the time between the repurchase of a project and the potential sale of such repurchased project could take several months.
the unprecedented disruption in the credit markets that began in 2008 had a significant adverse impact on a number of financial institutions. global sovereign debt problems and its impact on the balance sheets and lending practices of global banks in particular could negatively impact our access to, and cost of, capital, and therefore could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and competitive position. it could also similarly affect our customers and therefore limit the demand for our systems projects or solar modules. as of december 31, 2014, our liquidity and marketable securities and restricted investments have not been materially adversely impacted by the current credit environment, and we believe that they will not be materially adversely impacted in the near future. we will continue to closely monitor our liquidity and the credit markets. however, we cannot predict with any certainty the impact to us of any further disruption in the current credit environment.
cash flows the following table summarizes the key cash flow metrics for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 (in thousands):
years ended
2014                  2013                  2012
net cash provided by operating activities                             $680,989              $856,126              $762,209
net cash used in investing activities                                 (511,879   )          (537,106   )          (383,732   )
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                      7,359               101,164               (89,109   )
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents           (19,487   )             3,594                 6,307
net increase in cash and cash equivalents                             $156,982              $423,778              $295,675
66
operating activities cash provided by operating activities was $681.0 million during 2014, $856.1 million during 2013, and $762.2 million during 2012. the decrease in operating cash flows during 2014 was primarily due to lower cash received from customers in 2014, as compared to 2013. in addition, during 2014 our operating cash flows were unfavorably impacted by higher income taxes paid of $17.0 million, compared to income taxes refunds, net of taxes paid of $1.6 million in 2013 and $21.5 million in 2012. the excess tax benefit related to share based compensation arrangements was $31.2 million for 2014, as compared to $35.1 million for 2013 and $27.4 million for 2012. the remaining decrease in cash provided by operating activities was the result of net differences in interest received, interest paid, and other operating activities in 2014 compared to 2013 and 2012. changes in net assets and liabilities decreased our cash flow from operations by $9.2 million in 2014 versus an increase to our cash flow from operations of $186.5 million in 2013. the decrease in net assets and liabilities during 2014 of $195.7 million primarily resulted from the following:
(i)   our accounts receivable trade, unbilled and retainage, exclusive of the change in allowance for doubtful accounts and net of effects from business combinations, decreased $453.8 million during 2014 and $565.0 million during 2013. fluctuations in our accounts receivable are primarily due to the number and size of utility-scale projects under construction, timing of billings and collections as well as timing of revenue recognition. we bill our customers once the billing criteria under a construction contract are met, generally around completion of certain project construction milestones. decreases in our accounts receivable were driven primarily by cash collections on various large projects as well as cash collections related to module-only sales to third-party customers.
(ii)   our project assets and deferred project costs, net of effects from business combinations, decreased our cash flow from operations by $141.9 million during 2014 as compared to a $316.0 million increase during 2013. the development and construction of solar power plants require long periods of time and substantial initial investments, including costs associated with transmission deposits, land acquisition, permitting, legal and other costs and the actual costs of constructing a project. the decrease in our project assets and deferred project costs during 2014 was driven by a decrease in project assets primarily from our solargen 2, macho springs and maryland projects, partially offset by increases in project assets from the continued development and construction of our moapa, lost hills, barilla, luz del norte and stateline projects. additionally, deferred project costs decreased primarily due to the sale of our campo verde project and the revenue recognition from our desert sunlight project.
(iii)   our accrued expenses and other liabilities, excluding the effects of business combinations, decreased $452.4 million during 2014 and $138.9 million during 2013 as compared to a $506.3 million increase in 2012. accrued expenses and other liabilities include billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings, which represents billings made or payments received in excess of revenue recognized on contracts accounted for under the percentage-of-completion method. typically, billings are made on the completion of certain milestones as provided for in the sales arrangement, and the timing of revenue recognition may be different from when we can bill the customer. accrued expenses and other liabilities also includes payments and billings for deferred project costs, which represents customer payments received or customer billings made under the terms of solar power project related sales arrangements for which all revenue recognition criteria for real estate transactions have not yet been met. the decrease in our accrued expenses and other liabilities during 2014 as compared to 2013 was primarily attributed to attaining revenue recognition under the full accrual method associated with our campo verde project, the sale of 51% of our solar gen 2 project and revenue recognition of our desert sunlight project, partially offset by billings for our silver state south project in excess of revenue recognized.
investing activities cash used in investing activities was $511.9 million during 2014, compared with $537.1 million during 2013 and $383.7 million during 2012. cash used in investing activities during 2014 included capital expenditures of $257.5 million, compared to $282.6 million and $379.2 million in 2013 and 2012, respectively. the decrease can generally be attributed to increased focus on capital spending management and the impact of timing differences associated with cash payments for property, plant and equipment. cash proceeds from the sale of property, plant, and equipment were $1.5 million during 2014, $116.4 million during 2013, primarily as a result of the mesa sales agreement, and $5.1 million during 2012. during 2014 we provided net additional funding to affiliates of $23.2 million. during 2014 and 2013, we increased our net investments in marketable securities by $77.5 million and $341.0 million, respectively, compared to a decrease of our net investments totaling $79.5 million during 2012. we had an outflow for restricted cash of $124.1 million during 2014 compared to inflows of $5.2 million and $16.2 million in 2013 and 2012, respectively. during 2014, 2013 and 2012, we made cash investments in unconsolidated entities of $25.0 million, $17.9 million, and $5.0 million, respectively. acquisitions, net of cash acquired, resulted in payments of $4.3 million in 2014, compared to $30.7 million in 2013 and $2.4 million in 2012. payment for acquisitions in 2014 related primarily to our acquisition of skytron, a european-based o&m company. payments for acquisitions in 2013 related primarily to acquisitions of solar chile s.a., a chilean-based
67
solar project development company, and tetrasun, inc., a development stage company with high efficiency crystalline silicon technology. during 2012, we made a second payment of $2.4 million under the terms of the acquisition agreement related to our acquisition of ray tracker, inc. ("ray tracker"), a tracking technology and pv bos company we acquired in 2011 in an all-cash transaction.
financing activities cash provided by financing activities was $7.4 million during 2014 and $101.2 million during 2013, and cash used in financing activities was $89.1 million during 2012. cash provided by financing activities during 2014 resulted primarily from proceeds of $65.6 million from borrowings under long-term debt and excess tax benefit from share-based compensation arrangements of $31.2 million, partially offset by the repayment of long-term debt of $60.1 million and contingent consideration and other financing activities payments of $29.3 million.
cash provided by financing activities during 2013 resulted primarily from the net cash proceeds from our june 2013 equity offering of $428.2 million, and excess tax benefit from share-based compensation arrangements of $35.1 million, partially offset by repayment of long-term debt and economic development funding of $73.3 million and net repayment of borrowings under our revolving credit facility of $270.0 million.
cash used in financing activities during 2012 resulted primarily from the repayment of long-term debt, which included our german facility agreement, for a total of $178.8 million and the repayment of economic development funding of $6.8 million, partially offset by net proceeds from our revolving credit facility of $70.0 million and excess tax benefits from share-based compensation arrangements of $27.4 million.
contractual obligations the following table presents our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2014 (in thousands), which consists of legal commitments requiring us to make fixed or determinable cash payments. we purchase raw materials for inventory or balance of systems parts, services, and manufacturing equipment from a variety of vendors. we also enter into contracts for the construction of solar power projects. during the normal course of business, in order to manage manufacturing and construction lead times and help assure adequate supply, we enter into agreements with suppliers that either allow us to procure goods and services when we choose or that establish purchase requirements each year or over the term of the agreement.
payments due by year contractual obligations                    total             less than1 year              1 - 3years            3 - 5years            more than5 years long-term debt obligations          $223,954                 $52,021                   $82,315               $30,716                   $58,902
interest payments (1)                 51,162                   8,455                    12,546                 8,475                    21,686
capital lease obligations              1,855       563                                   1,054         238                                   -
operating lease obligations          167,831                  17,971                    31,323                23,751                    94,786
purchase obligations (2)             406,410                 296,174                    65,057                13,088                    32,091
recycling obligations (3)            246,307                       -                         -                     -                   246,307
contingent consideration (4)          53,894                  36,817                    17,077                     -                         -
other obligations (5)                 46,907                   7,989                    15,982                 6,912                    16,024
total                             $1,198,320                $419,990                  $225,354               $83,180                  $469,796
(1)   includes estimated cash interest to be paid over the remaining terms of the underlying debt. interest payments are based on fixed and floating rates in effect at december 31, 2014 and include the effect of interest rate and cross currency swap agreements.
(2)   purchase obligations are agreements to purchase goods or services that are non-cancellable, enforceable and legally binding on us and that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased, fixed minimum, or variable price provisions, and the approximate timing of transactions.
(3)   we assume our collection and recycling obligations will be satisfied more than five years from december 31, 2014.
(4)   in connection with project acquisitions we agreed to pay additional amounts to project sellers upon achievement of project related milestones such as obtaining permits, reaching certain construction stages and project completion. we recognize
68
a contingent liability when we determine that such liability is both probable and reasonably estimable. see note 16 "commitments and contingencies," to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2014 included in this annual report on form 10-k for further information about our contingent consideration.
(5)   includes expected letter of credit fees and unused revolver fees.
in addition to the amounts shown in the table above, we have recorded $126.0 million of unrecognized tax benefits as liabilities in accordance with asc 740, income taxes, and we are uncertain as to if or when such amounts may be settled.
debt and credit sources as of december 31, 2014, we had $224.0 million in outstanding long-term debt, excluding amounts related to capital leases and unamortized discount, and $202.5 million in outstanding letters of credit and bank guarantees. our long-term debt consisted of the following at december 31, 2014 and december 31, 2013 (in thousands):
type                                           december 31,         december 31,
2014                 2013
revolving credit facility                         $-                   $-
project construction credit facilities        75,418                    -
malaysian ringgit facility agreement          88,606              117,630
malaysian euro facility agreement             34,112               49,699
malaysian facility agreement                  25,818               55,637
capital lease obligations                      1,558                2,041
225,512              225,007
less unamortized discount                     (8,591      )        (1,684      )
total long-term debt                         216,921              223,323
less current portion                         (51,918      )       (60,543      )
noncurrent portion                          $165,003             $162,780
at december 31, 2014, future principal payments on our long-term debt, excluding amounts related to capital leases and unamortized discounts were due as follows (in thousands):
2015       $52,021
2016        37,565
2017        44,750
2018        28,691
2019         2,025
thereafter        58,902
total long-term debt future principal payments      $223,954
revolving credit facility our credit agreement with several financial institutions as lenders, jp morgan securities llc and bank of america securities llc as joint-lead arrangers and bookrunners and jp morgan chase bank, n.a. as administrative agent ("revolving credit facility") provides us with a senior secured credit facility with an aggregate available amount of $600.0 million, with the right to request an increase up to $750.0 million, subject to certain conditions. borrowings under the revolving credit facility bear interest at (i) libor (adjusted for eurocurrency reserve requirements) plus a margin of 2.25% or (ii) a base rate as defined in the credit agreement plus a margin of 1.25%, depending on the type of borrowing requested by us. these margins are subject to adjustments depending on our consolidated leverage ratio. as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, we had no borrowings under our revolving credit facility, respectively. we had $202.5 million and $158.6 million of letters of credit using availability under our revolving credit facility, leaving $397.5 million and $441.4 million of availability at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. we believe that when necessary, we will have adequate access to capital markets, but there may be circumstances in the future related to macroeconomic conditions or factors specific to us that could limit, or increase the cost of, capital from such markets.
69
in addition to paying interest on outstanding principal under the revolving credit facility, we are required to pay a commitment fee, currently at the rate of 0.375% per annum, based on the average daily unused commitments under the facility. the commitment fee may also be adjusted due to changes in our consolidated leverage ratio. we also pay a letter of credit fee equal to the applicable margin for eurocurrency revolving loans on the face amount of each letter of credit and a fronting fee of 0.125%.
on july 15, 2013, we entered into the fourth amendment to the amended and restated revolving credit facility (the "amendment"). the amendment provided for, among other things, the division of the revolving credit facility into tranche a commitments in an aggregate amount equal to $450.0 million and tranche b commitments in an aggregate amount equal to $150.0 million and the extension of the maturity date of the tranche a loans until july 15, 2018. the maturity date of the tranche b loans and commitment is october 15, 2015 and is unchanged. the amendment also contained certain covenant changes.
in connection with the amendment, we entered into an amended and restated guarantee and collateral agreement. loans and letters of credit issued under the revolving credit facility are jointly and severally, unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by first solar inc., first solar electric, llc, first solar electric (california), inc. and first solar development, llc and are secured by security interests in substantially all of the grantors' tangible and intangible assets other than certain excluded assets.
the revolving credit facility contains financial covenants including: a leverage ratio covenant, a minimum ebitda covenant, and a minimum liquidity covenant. we are also subject to customary non-financial covenants. we were in compliance with these covenants as of december 31, 2014, and expect to remain in compliance with these covenants for at least the next twelve months.
see note 15 "debt," to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2014 included in this annual report on form 10-k for further information about our long-term debt facilities.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have no off-balance sheet debt or similar obligations, other than financial assurance instruments and operating leases, that are not classified as debt. we do not guarantee any third-party debt. see note 15 "commitments and contingencies," to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2014 included in this annual report on form 10-k for further information about our financial assurance instruments.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 3 "recent accounting pronouncements," to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2014 included in this annual report on form 10-k for a summary of recent accounting pronouncements.
critical accounting estimates in preparing our financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states ("gaap"), we make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the amounts of reported assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, as well as the disclosure of contingent liabilities in our financial statements and the related notes thereto. some of our accounting policies require the application of significant judgment by management in the selection of the appropriate assumptions for making these estimates. by their nature, these judgments are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. we base our judgments and estimates on our historical experience, our forecasts, and other available information, as appropriate. our significant accounting policies are described in note 2 "summary of significant accounting policies," to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2014 included in this annual report on form 10-k.
our critical accounting estimates, which require the most significant management estimates and judgment in determining amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k, are as follows:
revenue recognition - systems business. we recognize revenue for arrangements entered into by our systems business generally using two revenue recognition models, following the guidance in asc 605, accounting for long-term construction contracts or, for arrangements which include land or land rights, asc 360, accounting for sales of real estate.
for systems business sales arrangements that do not include land or land rights and thus are accounted for under asc 605, we use the percentage-of-completion method, as described further below, using actual costs incurred over total estimated costs to develop and construct a project (including module costs) as our standard accounting policy, unless we cannot make reasonably dependable estimates of the costs to complete the contract, in which case we would use the completed contract method.
70
for systems business sales arrangements that are accounted for under asc 360 where we convey control of land or land rights, we record the sale as revenue using one of the following revenue recognition methods, based upon evaluation of the substance and form of the terms and conditions of such real estate sales arrangements:
(i)   we apply the percentage-of-completion method, as further described below, to certain real estate sales arrangements where we convey control of land or land rights, when a sale has been consummated, we have transferred the usual risks and rewards of ownership to the buyer, the initial and continuing investment criteria have been met, we have the ability to estimate our costs and progress toward completion, and all other revenue recognition criteria have been met. the initial and continuing investment requirements, which demonstrate a buyer's commitment to honor their obligations for the sales arrangement, can typically be met through the receipt of cash or an irrevocable letter of credit from a highly creditworthy lending institution. when evaluating whether the usual risks and rewards of ownership have transferred to the buyer, we consider whether we have or may be contingently required to have any prohibited forms of continuing involvement with the project. prohibited forms of continuing involvement in a real estate sales arrangement may include us retaining risks or rewards associated with the project that are not customary with the range of risks or rewards that an engineering, procurement, and construction ("epc") contractor may assume.
(ii)   depending on whether the initial and continuing investment requirements have been met and whether collectability from the buyer is reasonably assured, we may align our revenue recognition and release of project assets or deferred project costs to cost of sales with the receipt of payment from the buyer if the sale has been consummated and we have transferred the usual risks and rewards of ownership to the buyer.
(iii)   we may also record revenue for certain sales arrangements after construction of discrete portions of a project or after the entire project is substantially complete, we have transferred the usual risks and rewards of ownership to the buyer, and we have received substantially all payments due from the buyer or the initial and continuing investment criteria have been met.
for any systems business sales arrangements containing multiple deliverables (including our solar modules) not required to be accounted for under asc 360 (real estate) or asc 605 (long-term construction contracts), we analyze each activity within the sales arrangement to ensure that we adhere to the separation guidelines of asc 605 for multiple-element arrangements. we allocate revenue for any transactions involving multiple elements to each unit of accounting based on its relative selling price and recognize revenue for each unit of accounting when all revenue recognition criteria for a unit of accounting have been met.
revenue recognition - percentage-of-completion. in applying the percentage-of-completion method, we use the actual costs incurred relative to the estimated costs to complete (including module costs) in order to estimate the progress towards completion to determine the amount of revenue and profit to recognize. incurred costs include all installed direct materials, installed solar modules, labor, subcontractor costs, and those indirect costs related to contract performance, such as indirect labor, supplies, and tools. we recognize direct material and solar module costs as incurred costs when the direct materials and solar modules have been installed in the project. when contracts specify that title to direct materials and solar modules transfers to the customer before installation has been performed, we will not recognize revenue or the associated costs until those materials are installed and have met all other revenue recognition requirements. we consider direct materials and solar modules to be installed when they are permanently placed or affixed to the solar power system as required by engineering designs. solar modules manufactured by us that will be used in our solar power systems, which we still hold title to, remain within inventory until such modules are installed in a solar power system.
the percentage-of-completion method of revenue recognition requires us to make estimates of contract revenues and costs to complete our projects. in making such estimates, management judgments are required to evaluate significant assumptions including the cost of materials and labor, expected labor productivity, the impact of potential variances in schedule completion, the amount of net contract revenues, and the impact of any penalties, claims, change orders, or performance incentives.
if estimated total costs on any contract are greater than the contract revenues, we recognize the entire estimated loss in the period the loss becomes known. the cumulative effect of the revisions to estimates related to contract revenues and costs to complete contracts, including penalties, incentive awards, claims, change orders, anticipated losses, and others are recorded in the period in which the revisions to estimates are identified and the loss can be reasonably estimated. the effect of the changes on future periods are recognized as if the revised estimates had been used since revenue was initially recognized under the contract. such revisions could occur in any reporting period and the effects may be material depending on the size of the contracts or the changes in estimates.
71
accrued solar module collection and recycling liability. at the time of sale, we recognize an expense for the estimated cost of our future obligation for collecting and recycling solar modules sold that are covered by our pre-funded collection and recycling program. we estimate the cost of our collection and recycling obligations based on the present value of the expected probability weighted future cost of collecting and recycling the solar modules, which includes estimates for the cost of packaging the solar modules for transport, the cost of freight from the solar module installation sites to a recycling center, the material, labor, capital costs ,and scale of recycling centers, and an estimated third-party profit margin and return on risk for collection and recycling services. we base this estimate on (i) our experience collecting and recycling our solar modules and on our expectations about future developments in recycling technologies and processes, (ii) economic conditions at the time the solar modules will be collected and recycled, and (iii) the expected timing of when our solar modules will be returned for recycling. in the periods between the time of our sales and the settlement of our collection and recycling obligations, we accrete the carrying amount of the associated liability by applying the discount rate used for its initial measurement.
during the year ended december 31, 2014, we did not make any significant changes to our recycling technology roadmap cost estimates or inflation assumptions based on our annual cost study. as part of this study, we obtained a high volume of operational cost data that confirmed our currently estimated future collection and recycling costs remained appropriate. we will continue to evaluate our estimates as technology and cost assumptions change in the future. at december 31, 2014, our estimated liability for collecting and recycling solar modules covered by our collection and recycling program was $246.3 million. a 1% increase in the annualized inflation rate used in our estimated future collection and recycling cost per module would increase our liability by $60.6 million, and a 1% decrease in that inflation rate would decrease our liability by $49.8 million.
product warranties and accrued expense in excess of product warranties. we provide a limited warranty against defects in materials and workmanship under normal use and service conditions for 10 years following delivery to the owners of our solar modules. we also typically warrant to the owners of our solar modules that modules installed in accordance with agreed-upon specifications will produce at least 90% of their labeled power output rating during the first 10 years following their installation and at least 80% of their labeled power output rating during the following 15 years. in resolving claims under both the defects and power output warranties, we have the option of either repairing or replacing the covered solar modules or, under the power output warranty, providing additional solar modules to remedy the power shortfall. we also have the option to make a payment for the then current market price of solar modules to resolve claims. our warranties are automatically transferred from the original purchasers of our solar modules to subsequent purchasers upon resale. in 2013, we announced to our customers the availability of a new linear power output warranty for modules shipping beginning in the second quarter of 2014.
as an alternative to our module power output warranty, we have offered a system level module performance warranty for a limited number of our recent system sales. this system level module performance warranty is designed for utility scale systems and provides 25-year plant-level energy degradation protection. the system level module performance warranty is typically calculated as a percentage of a system's expected energy production, adjusted for certain actual site conditions including weather, with the warranted level of performance declining each year in a linear fashion, but never falling below 80% during the term of the warranty. in resolving claims under the system level module performance warranty to restore the system to warranted performance levels, we first must validate that the root cause is due to module performance. for qualifying claims, we typically have the option to repair or replace modules, provide supplemental modules, or make a cash payment. consistent with our module power output warranty, when we elect to satisfy a valid warranty claim by providing replacement or supplemental modules under the system level module performance warranty, we do not have any obligation to pay for the labor to remove or install modules.
in addition to our solar module warranty described above, for solar power plants built by our systems business, we typically provide a limited warranty on the balance of the system against defects in engineering design, installation, and workmanship for a period of one to two years following the substantial completion of a phase or the entire solar power plant. in resolving claims under the engineering design, installation, and workmanship warranties, we have the option of remedying the defect through repair or replacement.
when we recognize revenue for module or systems project sales, we accrue a liability for the estimated future costs of meeting our limited warranty obligations. we make and revise these estimates based primarily on the number of our solar modules under warranty installed at customer locations, our historical experience with warranty claims, our monitoring of field installation sites, our internal testing of and the expected future performance of our solar modules and bos components, and our estimated per-module replacement cost. such estimates have changed, and may in the future change, based primarily upon historical experience including additional information received from the evaluation of warranty claims and the complete processing of such claims.
72
we also make an estimate for the costs of any voluntary remediation programs including our 2008-2009 manufacturing excursion. our estimate for remediation costs for our 2008-2009 manufacturing excursion is based on evaluation and consideration of currently available information including the estimated number of affected modules in the field, historical experience related to our remediation efforts, customer-provided data related to potentially affected systems, the estimated costs of performing any remediation services, and the post-sale expenses covered under our remediation program. from time to time we have taken remediation actions in respect of affected modules beyond our limited warranty, and we may elect to do so in the future. in such cases, we would incur additional expenses that are beyond our limited warranty. if we commit to any such remediation actions beyond our limited warranty, developing our estimates for such remediation actions may require significant management judgment.
at december 31, 2014, our accrued liabilities for product warranties and accrued expense in excess of product warranties were $223.1 million and $30.9 million, respectively. we have historically estimated our product warranty liability for power output and defects in materials and workmanship under normal use and service conditions to have an estimated warranty return rate of approximately 3% of modules covered under warranty. a 1% change in the estimated warranty return rate would change our estimated product warranty liability by approximately $60 million.
accounting for income taxes. we are subject to the income tax laws of the united states, and its states and municipalities and those of the foreign jurisdictions in which we have significant business operations. these tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and the relevant governmental taxing authorities. we must make judgments and interpretations about the application of these inherently complex tax laws when determining our provision for income taxes and must also make estimates about when in the future certain items affect taxable income in the various tax jurisdictions. disputes over interpretations of the tax laws may be settled with the taxing authority upon examination or audit. we regularly assess the likelihood of assessments in each of the taxing jurisdictions resulting from current and subsequent years' examinations, and we record tax liabilities as appropriate.
we establish liabilities for potential additional taxes that may arise out of tax audits. once established, we adjust the liabilities when additional information becomes available or when an event occurs requiring an adjustment. significant judgment is required in making these estimates and the actual cost of a legal claim, tax assessment, regulatory fine, or penalty may ultimately be materially different from our recorded liabilities, if any.
in preparing our consolidated financial statements, we calculate our income tax expense based on our interpretation of the tax laws in the various jurisdictions where we conduct business. this requires us to estimate our current tax obligations and the realizability of uncertain tax positions and to assess temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities. these temporary differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, the net current amount of which we show as a component of current assets or current liabilities and the net noncurrent amount of which we show as other assets or other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets.
we must also assess the likelihood that each of our deferred tax assets will be realized. to the extent we believe that realization of any of our deferred tax assets is not more likely than not, we establish a valuation allowance. when we establish a valuation allowance or increase this allowance in a reporting period, we generally record a corresponding tax expense in our consolidated statement of operations. conversely, to the extent circumstances indicate that a valuation allowance is no longer necessary, that portion of the valuation allowance is reversed, which generally reduces our overall income tax expense.
we also consider the earnings of our foreign subsidiaries and determine whether such amounts are indefinitely reinvested outside the united states. we have concluded that, except for the earnings of our canadian subsidiary and with respect to previously taxed income, all such accumulated earnings are currently indefinitely reinvested. accordingly, no additional taxes have been accrued that might be incurred if such amounts were repatriated to the united states. if our intention to indefinitely reinvest the earnings of our foreign subsidiaries changes, additional taxes may be required to be accrued. see note 20 "income taxes," to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2014 included in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information.
we continually explore initiatives to better align our tax and legal entity structure with the footprint of our non-u.s. operations and recognize the tax impact of these initiatives, including changes in the assessment of uncertain tax positions, indefinite reinvestment exception assertions, and the realizability of deferred tax assets, in the period when management believes all necessary internal and external approvals associated with such initiatives have been obtained, or when the initiatives are materially complete. it is possible that the completion of one or more of these initiatives may occur within the next 12 months.
73
long-lived asset impairment. we are required to assess the recoverability of the carrying value of long-lived assets including "property, plant and equipment," "project assets," and "pv solar power systems" when an indicator of impairment has been identified. we review our long-lived assets each reporting period to assess whether impairment indicators are present. we must exercise judgment in assessing whether an event indicating potential impairment has occurred.
for purposes of recognition and measurement of an impairment loss, a long-lived asset is grouped with other assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. we must exercise judgment in assessing the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities.
for long-lived assets, when impairment indicators are present, we compare undiscounted future cash flows, including the eventual disposition of the asset group at market value, to the asset group's carrying value to determine if the asset group is recoverable. this assessment requires the exercise of judgment in assessing the future use of and projected value to be derived from the assets to be held and used. assessments also consider changes in asset group utilization, including the temporary idling of capacity and the expected timing of placing this capacity back into production.
for an asset group that fails the test of recoverability described above, the estimated fair value of long-lived assets may be determined using an "income approach," "market approach," "cost approach," or a combination of one or more of these approaches as appropriate for the particular asset group being reviewed. all of these approaches start with the forecast of expected future net cash flows including the eventual disposition at market value of long-lived assets. we also utilize third-party valuations and information available regarding the current market for similar assets. if there is an impairment, a loss is recorded to reflect the difference between the asset group's fair value and carrying value prior to impairment. this may require judgment in estimating future cash flows, relevant discount rates, and residual values applied in the income approach used in estimating the current fair value of the impaired assets to be held and used.
goodwill. goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price of acquired businesses over the estimated fair value assigned to the individual assets acquired and liabilities assumed. we do not amortize goodwill but instead are required to test goodwill for impairment at least annually in the fourth quarter. we perform impairment tests between scheduled annual tests if facts and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit that has goodwill is less than its carrying value.
we may first make a qualitative assessment of whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying value to determine whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. the qualitative impairment test considers various factors including macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, cost factors, a sustained share price or market capitalization decrease, and any reporting unit specific events. if it is determined through the qualitative assessment that a reporting unit's fair value is more likely than not greater than its carrying value, the two-step impairment test is not required. if the qualitative assessment indicates it is more likely than not that a reporting unit's fair value is not greater than its carrying value, we must perform the two-step impairment test. we may also elect to proceed directly to the two-step impairment test without considering such qualitative factors.
the first step in a two-step impairment test is the comparison of the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. our reporting units consist of our fully integrated systems business, cadmium telluride module manufacturing business, and our crystalline silicon module manufacturing business from our tetrasun acquisition in 2013. in accordance with the authoritative guidance over fair value measurements, we define the fair value of a reporting unit as the price that would be received to sell the unit as a whole in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. we primarily use the income approach methodology of valuation, which includes the discounted cash flow method, to estimate the fair values of our reporting units.
significant management judgment is required when estimating the fair value of our reporting units including the forecasting of future operating results and the selection of discount and expected future growth rates that we use in discounting cash flows. if the estimated fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill is not impaired and no further analysis is required.
if the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value in the first step, then we are required to perform the second step of the impairment test. in this step, we assign the fair value of the reporting unit calculated in step one to all of the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit, as if a market participant just acquired the reporting unit in a business combination. the excess of the fair value of the reporting unit determined in the first step of the impairment test over the total amount assigned to the assets and liabilities in the second step of the impairment test represents the implied fair value of goodwill. if the carrying value of a reporting unit's goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of goodwill, we would record an impairment loss equal to the difference. if there is no such excess, then all goodwill for a reporting unit is considered impaired.
74
