item 1a.  risk factors you should carefully consider the following risks. these risks could materially affect our business, results of operations or financial condition, cause the trading price of our common stock to decline materially or cause our actual results to differ materially from those expected or those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. these risks are not exclusive, and additional risks to which we are subject include, but are not limited to, the factors mentioned under "forward-looking statements" and the risks of our businesses described elsewhere in this annual report.
risk factors related to our business and industry demand for our products is significantly affected by unpredictable power-outage activity that can lead to substantial variations in, and uncertainties regarding, our financial results from period to period.
sales of our products are subject to consumer buying patterns, and demand for our products is affected by power outage events caused by thunderstorms, hurricanes, ice storms, blackouts and other power grid reliability issues. the impact of these outage events on our sales can vary depending on the location, frequency and severity of the outages. sustained periods without major power disruptions can lead to reduced consumer awareness of the benefits of standby and portable generator products and can result in reduced sales growth rates and excess inventory. in addition, there are smaller, more localized power outages that occur frequently that drive a baseline level of demand for back-up power solutions. the lack of major power-outage events and fluctuations to the baseline levels of power-outage activity are part of managing our business, and these fluctuations could have an adverse effect on our net sales and profits. despite their unpredictable nature, we believe power disruptions create awareness and accelerate adoption for our home standby products.
demand for our products is significantly affected by durable goods spending by consumers and businesses, and other macroeconomic conditions.
our business is affected by general economic conditions, and uncertainty or adverse changes such as the prolonged downturn in u.s. residential investment and the impact of more stringent credit standards could lead to a decline in demand for our products and pressure to reduce our prices. our sales of light-commercial and industrial generators are affected by conditions in the non-residential construction sector and by the capital investment trends for small and large businesses and municipalities. if these businesses and municipalities cannot access credit markets or do not utilize discretionary funds to purchase our products as a result of the economy or other factors, our business could suffer and our ability to realize benefits from our strategy of increasing sales in the light-commercial and industrial sectors through, among other things, our focus on innovation and product development, including natural gas engine and modular technology, could be adversely affected. in addition, consumer confidence and home remodeling expenditures have a significant impact on sales of our residential products, and prolonged periods of weakness in consumer durable goods spending could have a material impact on our business. typically, we do not have contracts with our customers which call for committed volume, and we cannot guarantee that our current customers will continue to purchase our products. if general economic conditions or consumer confidence were to worsen, or if the non-residential construction sector or rate of capital investments were to decline, our net sales and profits would likely be adversely affected. additionally, timing of capital spending by our national account customers can vary from quarter-to-quarter based on capital availability and internal capital spending budgets.
9
decreases in the availability and quality, or increases in the cost, of raw materials and key components we use could materially reduce our earnings.
the principal raw materials that we use to produce our products are steel, copper and aluminum. we also source a significant number of component parts from third parties that we utilize to manufacture our products. the prices of those raw materials and components are susceptible to significant fluctuations due to trends in supply and demand, transportation costs, government regulations and tariffs, price controls, economic conditions and other unforeseen circumstances beyond our control. we do not have long-term supply contracts in place to ensure the raw materials and components we use are available in necessary amounts or at fixed prices. if we are unable to mitigate raw material or component price increases through product design improvements, price increases to our customers, manufacturing productivity improvements, or hedging transactions, our profitability could be adversely affected. also, our ability to continue to obtain quality materials and components is subject to the continued reliability and viability of our suppliers, including in some cases, suppliers who are the sole source of certain important components. if we are unable to obtain adequate, cost efficient or timely deliveries of required raw materials and components, we may be unable to manufacture sufficient quantities of products on a timely basis. this could cause us to lose sales, incur additional costs, delay new product introductions or suffer harm to our reputation.
the industry in which we compete is highly competitive, and our failure to compete successfully could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we operate in markets that are highly competitive. some of our competitors have established brands and are larger in size or are divisions of large diversified companies and have substantially greater financial resources. some of our competitors may be willing to reduce prices and accept lower margins in order to compete with us. in addition, we could face new competition from large international or domestic companies with established industrial brands that enter our end markets. demand for our products may also be affected by our ability to respond to changes in design and functionality, to respond to downward pricing pressure, and to provide shorter lead times for our products than our competitors. if we are unable to respond successfully to these competitive pressures, we could lose market share, which could have an adverse impact on our results. for further information, see "item 1-business-competition."
our industry is subject to technological change, and our failure to continue developing new and improved products and to bring these products rapidly to market could have an adverse impact on our business.
new products, or refinements and improvements of existing products, may have technical failures, their introduction may be delayed, they may have higher production costs than originally expected or they may not be accepted by our customers. if we are not able to anticipate, identify, develop and market high quality products in line with technological advancements that respond to changes in customer preferences, demand for our products could decline and our operating results could be adversely affected.
we rely on independent dealers and distribution partners, and the loss of these dealers and distribution partners, or of any of our sales arrangements with significant private label, telecommunications, retail or equipment rental customers, would adversely affect our business.
in addition to our direct sales force and manufacturer sales representatives, we depend on the services of independent distributors and dealers to sell our products and provide service and aftermarket support to our end customers. we also rely upon our distribution channels to drive awareness for our product categories and our brands. in addition, we sell our products to end users through private label arrangements with leading home equipment, electrical equipment and construction machinery companies; arrangements with top retailers and equipment rental companies; and our direct national accounts with telecommunications and industrial customers. our distribution agreements and any contracts we have with large telecommunications, retail and other customers are typically not exclusive, and many of the distributors and customers with whom we do business offer products and services of our competitors. impairment of our relationships with our distributors, dealers or large customers, loss of a substantial number of these distributors or dealers or of one or more large customers, or an increase in our distributors' or dealers' sales of our competitors' products to our customers or of our large customers' purchases of our competitors' products could materially reduce our sales and profits. also, our ability to successfully realize our growth strategy is dependent in part on our ability to identify, attract and retain new distributors at all layers of our distribution platform, and we cannot be certain that we will be successful in these efforts.
10
our business could be negatively impacted if we fail to adequately protect our intellectual property rights or if third parties claim that we are in violation of their intellectual property rights.
we view our intellectual property rights as very important assets. we seek to protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, as well as licensing and confidentiality agreements. these protections may not be adequate to prevent third parties from using our intellectual property without our authorization, breaching any confidentiality agreements with us, copying or reverse engineering our products, or developing and marketing products that are substantially equivalent to or superior to our own. the unauthorized use of our intellectual property by others could reduce our competitive advantage and harm our business. not only are intellectual property-related proceedings burdensome and costly, but they could span years to resolve and we may not ultimately prevail. we cannot guarantee that any patents, issued or pending, will provide us with any competitive advantage or will not be challenged by third parties. moreover, the expiration of our patents may lead to increased competition with respect to certain products.
in addition, we cannot be certain that we do not or will not infringe third parties' intellectual property rights. any such claim, even if it is without merit, may be expensive and time-consuming to defend, subject us to damages, cause us to cease making, using or selling certain products that incorporate the disputed intellectual property, require us to redesign our products, divert management time and attention, and/or require us to enter into costly royalty or licensing arrangements. furthermore, in connection with our sale of generac portable products to a private equity firm in 1998, we granted the private equity firm an exclusive perpetual license for the use of the "generac portable products" trademark in connection with the manufacture and sale of certain engine driven consumer products. this perpetual license was eventually transferred to another company when the private equity firm sold that business. currently, this trademark is not being used in commerce and, as such, there is a rebuttable presumption that the trademark has been abandoned. however, in the event that this trademark is used in the future, we could suffer competitive confusion and our business could be negatively impacted.
our operations are subject to various environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, and non-compliance with or liabilities under such laws and regulations could result in substantial costs, fines, sanctions and claims.
our operations are subject to a variety of foreign, federal, state and local environmental, health and safety laws and regulations including those governing, among other things, emissions to air; discharges to water; noise; and the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of waste and other materials. in addition, under federal and state environmental laws, we could be required to investigate, remediate and/or monitor the effects of the release or disposal of materials both at sites associated with past and present operations and at third-party sites where wastes generated by our operations were disposed. this liability may be imposed retroactively and whether or not we caused, or had any knowledge of, the existence of these materials and may result in our paying more than our fair share of the related costs. violations of or liabilities under such laws and regulations could result in substantial costs, fines and civil or criminal proceedings or personal injury and workers' compensation claims.
our products are subject to substantial government regulation.
our products are subject to extensive statutory and regulatory requirements governing, among other things, emissions and noise, including standards imposed by the epa, carb and other regulatory agencies around the world. these laws are constantly evolving and many are becoming increasingly stringent. changes in applicable laws or regulations, or in the enforcement thereof, could require us to redesign our products and could adversely affect our business or financial condition in the future. developing and marketing products to meet such new requirements could result in substantial additional costs that may be difficult to recover in some markets. in some cases, we may be required to modify our products or develop new products to comply with new regulations, particularly those relating to air emissions. for example, we were required to modify our spark-ignited air-cooled gaseous engines to comply with the 2011 epa and carb regulations, as well as the continued implementation of tier 4 nonroad diesel engine changes associated with acquisitions serving the mobile product markets. typically, additional costs associated with significant compliance modifications are passed on to the market. while we have been able to meet previous deadlines, failure to comply with other existing and future regulatory standards could adversely affect our position in the markets we serve.
we may incur costs and liabilities as a result of product liability claims.
we face a risk of exposure to product liability claims in the event that the use of our products is alleged to have resulted in injury or other damage. although we currently maintain product liability insurance coverage, we may not be able to obtain such insurance on acceptable terms in the future, if at all, or obtain insurance that will provide adequate coverage against potential claims. product liability claims can be expensive to defend and can divert the attention of management and other personnel for long periods of time, regardless of the ultimate outcome. a significant unsuccessful product liability defense could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. in addition, we believe our business depends on the strong brand reputation we have developed. if our reputation is damaged, we may face difficulty in maintaining our market share and pricing with respect to some of our products, which could reduce our sales and profitability.
11
the loss of any key members of our senior management team or key employees could disrupt our operations and harm our business.
our success depends, in part, on the efforts of certain key individuals, including the members of our senior management team, who have significant experience in the power products industry. if, for any reason, our senior executives do not continue to be active in management, or if our key employees leave our company, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. failure to continue to attract these individuals at reasonable compensation levels could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity and results of operations. although we do not anticipate that we will have to replace any of these individuals in the near future, the loss of the services of any of our key employees could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business.
disruptions caused by labor disputes or organized labor activities could harm our business.
we may from time to time experience union organizing activities in our non-union facilities. disputes with the current labor union or new union organizing activities could lead to work slowdowns or stoppages and make it difficult or impossible for us to meet scheduled delivery times for product shipments to our customers, which could result in loss of business. in addition, union activity could result in higher labor costs, which could harm our financial condition, results of operations and competitive position. a work stoppage or limitations on production at our facilities for any reason could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. in addition, many of our suppliers have unionized work forces. strikes or work stoppages experienced by our customers or suppliers could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we may experience material disruptions to our manufacturing operations.
while we seek to operate our facilities in compliance with applicable rules and regulations and take measures to minimize the risks of disruption at our facilities, a material disruption at one of our manufacturing facilities could prevent us from meeting customer demand, reduce our sales and/or negatively impact our financial results. any of our manufacturing facilities, or any of our equipment within an otherwise operational facility, could cease operations unexpectedly due to a number of events, including:
●   equipment or information technology infrastructure failure;

●   disruptions in the transportation infrastructure including roads, bridges, railroad tracks and container ports;

●   fires, floods, tornados, earthquakes, or other catastrophes; and

●   other operational problems.

in addition, the majority of our manufacturing and production facilities are located in wisconsin within a 100-mile radius of each other. we could experience prolonged periods of reduced production due to unforeseen events occurring in or around our manufacturing facilities in wisconsin. in the event of a business interruption at our facilities, in particular our wisconsin facilities, we may be unable to shift manufacturing capabilities to alternate locations, accept materials from suppliers or meet customer shipment needs, among other severe consequences. such an event could have a material and adverse impact on our financial condition and results of our operations.
a significant portion of our purchased components are sourced in foreign countries, exposing us to additional risks that may not exist in the united states.
we source a significant portion of our purchased components overseas, primarily in asia and europe. our international sourcing subjects us to a number of potential risks in addition to the risks associated with third-party sourcing generally. such risks include:
●   inflation or changes in political and economic conditions;

●   unstable regulatory environments;

●   changes in import and export duties;

●   domestic and foreign customs and tariffs;

●   currency rate fluctuations;

●   trade restrictions;

●   labor unrest;

●   logistical challenges, including extended container port congestion;

●   communications challenges; and

●   other restraints and burdensome taxes.

12
these factors may have an adverse effect on our ability to efficiently and cost effectively source our purchased components overseas. in particular, if the u.s. dollar were to depreciate significantly against the currencies in which we purchase raw materials from foreign suppliers, our cost of goods sold could increase materially, which would adversely affect our results of operations.
we are vulnerable to supply disruptions from single-sourced suppliers.
we single-source certain types of parts in our product designs. any delay in our suppliers' deliveries may impair our ability to deliver products to our customers. a wide variety of factors could cause such delays including, but not limited to, lack of capacity, economic downturns, availability of credit, weather events or natural disasters.
as a u.s. corporation that conducts business in a variety of foreign countries including, but not limited to, mexico, italy and brazil, we are subject to the foreign corrupt practices act and a variety of anti-corruption laws worldwide. a determination that we violated any of these laws may affect our business and operations adversely.
as a u.s. corporation that conducts business in a variety of foreign countries including, but not limited to, mexico, italy and brazil, we are subject to the regulations imposed by a variety of anti-corruption laws worldwide. the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act (fcpa) generally prohibits u.s. companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or keeping business. the united kingdom bribery act (ukba) prohibits domestic and foreign bribery of the private sector as well as public officials. any determination that we have violated any anti-corruption laws could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, operating results and cash flows.
our total assets include goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangibles. if we determine these have become impaired in the future, net income could be materially adversely affected.
goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair market value of net assets acquired in business combinations. indefinite-lived intangibles are comprised of certain trade names. at december 31, 2014, goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangibles totaled $818.2 million, most of which arose from the ccmp transaction. we review goodwill and other intangibles at least annually for impairment and any excess in carrying value over the estimated fair value is charged to the statement of operations. a reduction in net income resulting from the write-down or impairment of goodwill or indefinite-lived intangibles could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements.
goodwill and identifiable intangible assets are recorded at fair value on the date of acquisition. in accordance with the financial accounting standards board (fasb) accounting standards codification (asc) topic 350-20, intangibles - goodwill and other, goodwill and indefinite lived intangibles are reviewed at least annually for impairment and definite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. future impairment may result from, among other things, deterioration in the performance of an acquired business or product line, adverse market conditions and changes in the competitive landscape, adverse changes in applicable laws or regulations, including changes that restrict the activities of an acquired business or product line, and a variety of other circumstances. the amount of any impairment is recorded as a charge to the statement of operations. we may never realize the full value of our intangible assets. any future determination requiring the write-off of a significant portion of intangible assets would have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. see "item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" for further information on the company's impairment tests and at-risk goodwill for the ottomotores reporting unit, and see note 2, "significant accounting policies," to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further details.
we are unable to determine the specific impact of changes in selling prices or changes in volumes of our products on our net sales.
because of the wide range of products that we sell, the level of customization for many of our products, the frequent rollout of new products and the fact that we do not apply pricing changes uniformly across our entire portfolio of products, we are unable to determine with specificity the effect of volume changes or changes in selling prices on our net sales.
13
we may not realize all of the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions or those benefits may take longer to realize than expected. we may also encounter significant unexpected difficulties in integrating acquired businesses.
our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions will depend, to a large extent, on our ability to integrate the acquired businesses with our business. the combination of independent businesses is a complex, costly and time-consuming process. further, integrating and managing businesses with international operations may pose challenges not previously experienced by our management. as a result, we will be required to devote significant management attention and resources to integrating the business practices and operations of any acquired businesses with ours. the integration process may disrupt our business and, if implemented ineffectively, would preclude realization of the full benefits expected by us. our failure to meet the challenges involved in integrating an acquired business into our existing operations or otherwise to realize the anticipated benefits of the transaction could cause an interruption of, or a loss of momentum in, our activities and could adversely affect our results of operations.
in addition, the overall integration of our acquired businesses may result in material unanticipated problems, expenses, liabilities, competitive responses, loss of customer relationships, and diversion of management's attention, and may cause our stock price to decline.
the difficulties of combining the operations of acquired businesses with ours include, among others:
●   managing a larger company;

●   maintaining employee morale and retaining key management and other employees;

●   integrating two business cultures, which may prove to be incompatible;

●   the possibility of faulty assumptions underlying expectations regarding the integration process;

●   retaining existing customers and attracting new customers;

●   consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures and eliminating duplicative operations;

●   the diversion of management's attention from ongoing business concerns and performance shortfalls as a result of the diversion of management's attention to the acquisition;

●   unanticipated issues in integrating information technology, communications and other systems;

●   unanticipated changes in applicable laws and regulations;

●   managing tax costs or inefficiencies associated with integrating the operations of the combined company;

●   unforeseen expenses or delays associated with the acquisition;

●   difficulty comparing financial reports due to differing financial and/or internal reporting systems; and

●   making any necessary modifications to internal financial control standards to comply with the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

many of these factors will be outside of our control and any one of them could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management's time and energy, which could materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, even if the operations of our acquired businesses are integrated successfully with our operations, we may not realize the full benefits of the transaction, including the synergies, cost savings or sales or growth opportunities that we expect. these benefits may not be achieved within the anticipated time frame, or at all. or, additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in the integration of our businesses. all of these factors could cause dilution to our earnings per share, decrease or delay the expected accretive effect of the acquisition, and cause a decrease in the price of our common stock. as a result, we cannot assure you that the combination of our acquisitions with our business will result in the realization of the full benefits anticipated from the transaction.
security breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer.
in the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive information in our data centers and on our networks. the secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to our operations. despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. any such breach could compromise our networks, and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, regulatory penalties, disrupt our operations and damage our reputation, which could adversely affect our business.
risks related to our common stock if securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, if they adversely change their recommendations regarding our common stock or if our results of operations do not meet their expectations, our common stock price and trading volume could decline.
the trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. if one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. moreover, if one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade recommendations regarding our stock, or if our results of operations do not meet their expectations, our stock price could decline and such decline could be material.
14
anti-takeover provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and by-laws could prohibit a change of control that our stockholders may favor and could negatively affect our stock price.
provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and by-laws may make it more difficult and expensive for a third party to acquire control of us even if a change of control would be beneficial to the interests of our stockholders. these provisions could discourage potential takeover attempts and could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. these provisions may also prevent or frustrate attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our management. for example, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and by-laws:
●   permit our board of directors to issue preferred stock with such terms as they determine, without stockholder approval;

●   provide that only one-third of the members of the board are elected at each stockholders meeting and prohibit removal without cause;

●   require advance notice for stockholder proposals and director nominations; and

●   contain limitations on convening stockholder meetings.

these provisions make it more difficult for stockholders or potential acquirers to acquire us without negotiation and could discourage potential takeover attempts and could adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
we currently do not have plans to pay dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future.
while we declared a special dividend in both june 2012 and june 2013, we currently do not have plans to pay dividends in the foreseeable future on our common stock. we intend to retain all future earnings for the operation and expansion of our business and the repayment of outstanding debt. in addition, the terms of our senior secured credit facilities limit our ability to pay dividends on our common stock. as a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be the sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. while we may change this policy at some point in the future, we cannot assure that we will make such a change.
risks related to our capital structure we have a significant amount of indebtedness which could adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to remain in compliance with debt covenants and make payments on our indebtedness.
we have a significant amount of indebtedness. as of december 31, 2014, we had total indebtedness of $1,082.7 million. our significant level of indebtedness increases the possibility that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay, when due, the principal of, interest on or other amounts due in respect of our indebtedness. our significant indebtedness, combined with our other financial obligations and contractual commitments could have other important consequences. for example, it could:
●   make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness, which could result in an event of default under the agreements governing our indebtedness;

●   make us more vulnerable to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation;

●   require us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flows to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;

●   limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate;

●   place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and

●   limit our ability to borrow additional amounts for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our business strategy or other purposes.

any of the above-listed factors could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. while we maintain interest rate swaps covering a portion of our outstanding debt, our interest expense could increase if interest rates increase because debt under our credit facilities bears interest at a variable rate once above a certain libor floor. if we do not have sufficient earnings to service our debt, we may be required to refinance all or part of our existing debt, sell assets, borrow more money or sell securities, none of which we can guarantee we will be able to do.
the terms of our credit facilities restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes in our business or to take certain actions.
our credit facilities contain, and any future indebtedness of ours or our subsidiaries would likely contain, a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and our subsidiaries, including restrictions on our ability to engage in acts that may be in our best long-term interests. these restrictions include, among other things, our ability to:
●   incur liens;

●   incur or assume additional debt or guarantees or issue preferred stock;

●   pay dividends, or make redemptions and repurchases, with respect to capital stock;

●   prepay, or make redemptions and repurchases of, subordinated debt;

●   make loans and investments;

●   make capital expenditures;

●   engage in mergers, acquisitions, asset sales, sale/leaseback transactions and transactions with affiliates;

●   change the business conducted by us or our subsidiaries; and

●   amend the terms of subordinated debt.

15
the operating and financial restrictions in our credit facilities and any future financing agreements may adversely affect our ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to engage in other business activities. a breach of any of the restrictive covenants in our credit facilities would result in a default. if any such default occurs, the lenders under our credit facilities may elect to declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest and other fees, to be immediately due and payable, or enforce their security interest, any of which would result in an event of default. the lenders will also have the right in these circumstances to terminate any commitments they have to provide further borrowings. our existing credit facilities do not contain any financial maintenance covenants.
we may need additional capital to finance our growth strategy or to refinance our existing credit facilities, and we may not be able to obtain it on acceptable terms, or at all, which may limit our ability to grow.
we may require additional financing to expand our business. financing may not be available to us or may be available to us only on terms that are not favorable. the terms of our senior secured credit facilities limit our ability to incur additional debt. in addition, economic conditions, including a downturn in the credit markets, could impact our ability to finance our growth on acceptable terms or at all. if we are unable to raise additional funds or obtain capital on acceptable terms, we may have to delay, modify or abandon some or all of our growth strategies. on may 31, 2013, we amended and restated our term loan credit agreement, pursuant to which we incurred $1,200 million of a senior secured term loan, which matures in 2020, to replace our prior $900 million term loan facility. in the future, if we are unable to refinance such facilities on acceptable terms, our liquidity could be adversely affected.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with "item 1 - business," "item 6 - selected financial data" and the consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. this discussion contains forward-looking statements, based on current expectations and related to future events and our future financial performance, that involve risks and uncertainties. our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under "item 1a - risk factors."
overview we are a leading designer and manufacturer of a wide range of power generation equipment and other engine powered products serving the residential, light commercial, industrial, oil & gas, and construction markets. power generation is our primary focus, which differentiates us from our primary competitors that also have broad operations outside of the generator market. as the only significant market participant focused predominantly on these products, we have one of the leading market positions in the power equipment market in north america and an expanding presence internationally. we believe we have one of the widest range of products in the marketplace, including residential, commercial and industrial standby generators, as well as portable and mobile generators used in a variety of applications. other engine powered products that we design and manufacture include light towers which provide temporary lighting for various end markets; commercial and industrial mobile heaters used in the oil & gas, construction and other industrial markets; and a broad product line of power washers for residential and commercial use.
over the past several years, we have executed a number of acquisitions that support our strategic plan. a summary of these acquisitions can be found in note 1, "description of business," to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
business drivers and operational factors in operating our business and monitoring its performance, we pay attention to a number of business drivers and trends as well as operational factors. the statements in this section are based on our current expectations.
business drivers and trends our performance is affected by the demand for reliable power generation and other mobile product solutions by our customer base. this demand is influenced by several important drivers and trends affecting our industry, including the following:
24
increasing penetration opportunity.    many potential customers are not aware of the costs and benefits of automatic backup power solutions. we estimate that penetration rates for home standby generators are only approximately 3.5% of u.s. single-family detached, owner-occupied households with a home value of over $100,000, as defined by the u.s. census bureau's 2013 american housing survey for the united states. the decision to purchase backup power for many light-commercial buildings such as convenience stores, restaurants and gas stations is more return-on-investment (roi) driven and as a result these applications have relatively lower penetration rates as compared to buildings used in code-driven or mission critical applications such as hospitals, wastewater treatment facilities, 911 call centers, data centers and certain industrial locations. the emergence of lower cost, cleaner burning natural gas fueled generators has helped to accelerate the penetration of standby generators in the light-commercial market. in addition, the importance of backup power for telecommunications infrastructure is increasing due to the growing importance for uninterrupted voice and data services. also, in recent years, a more stringent regulatory environment around the flaring of natural gas at oil & gas drilling and production sites has been a catalyst for increased demand for natural gas fueled generators, including mobile solutions. we believe by expanding our distribution network, continuing to develop our product line, and targeting our marketing efforts, we can continue to build awareness and increase penetration for our standby and mobile generators for residential, commercial and industrial purposes.
effect of large scale and baseline power disruptions.    power disruptions are an important driver of customer awareness and have historically influenced demand for generators. increased frequency and duration of major power outage events, that have a broader impact beyond a localized level, increases product awareness and may drive consumers to accelerate their purchase of a standby or portable generator during the immediate and subsequent period, which we believe may last for six to twelve months for standby generators. for example, the multiple major outage events that occurred during the second half of both 2011 and 2012 drove strong demand for portable and home standby generators, and the increased awareness of these products contributed to substantial organic revenue growth in 2012 with strong growth continuing during 2013. major power disruptions are unpredictable by nature and, as a result, our sales levels and profitability may fluctuate from period to period. in addition, there are smaller, more localized power outages that occur frequently across the u.s. that drive the baseline level of demand for back-up power solutions. the level of baseline power outage activity occurring across the u.s. can also fluctuate, and may cause our financial results to fluctuate from year to year.
impact of residential investment cycle.    the market for residential generators is also affected by the residential investment cycle and overall consumer confidence and sentiment. when homeowners are confident of their household income, the value of their home and overall net worth, they are more likely to invest in their home. these trends can have an impact on demand for residential generators. trends in the new housing market highlighted by residential housing starts can also impact demand for our residential products.
impact of business capital investment cycle. the market for our commercial and industrial products is affected by the overall capital investment cycle, including non-residential building construction, durable goods and infrastructure spending as well as investments in the exploration and production of oil & gas, as businesses or organizations either add new locations or make investments to upgrade existing locations or equipment. these trends can have a material impact on demand for these products. the capital investment cycle may differ for the various commercial and industrial end markets that we serve including light commercial, retail, telecommunications, industrial, data centers, healthcare, construction, oil & gas and municipal infrastructure, among others. the market for these products is also affected by general economic conditions and credit availability in the geographic regions that we serve. in addition, we believe demand for our mobile power products will continue to benefit from a secular shift towards renting versus buying this type of equipment.
factors affecting results of operations we are subject to various factors that can affect our results of operations, which we attempt to mitigate through factors we can control, including continued product development, expanded distribution, pricing and cost control. certain operational and other factors that affect our business include the following:
effect of commodity, currency and component price fluctuations.    industry-wide price fluctuations of key commodities, such as steel, copper and aluminum and other components we use in our products, together with foreign currency fluctuations, can have a material impact on our results of operations. we have historically attempted to mitigate the impact of rising commodity, currency and component prices through improved product design and sourcing, manufacturing efficiencies, price increases and select hedging transactions. our results are also influenced by changes in fuel prices in the form of freight rates, which in some cases are borne by our customers and in other cases are paid by us.
seasonality.    although there is demand for our products throughout the year, in each of the past three years approximately 23% to 27% of our net sales occurred in the first quarter, 20% to 25% in the second quarter, 24% to 26% in the third quarter and 25% to 29% in the fourth quarter, with different seasonality depending on the presence, timing and severity of major power outage activity in each year. major outage activity is unpredictable by nature and, as a result, our sales levels and profitability may fluctuate from period to period. for example, there were multiple major power outage events that occurred during the second half of both 2011 and 2012, which were significant in terms of severity. as a result, the seasonality experienced during this time period, and for the subsequent quarters following the time period, varied relative to other periods where no major outage events occurred. we maintain a flexible production and supply chain infrastructure in order to respond to outage-driven peak demand.
25
factors influencing interest expense and cash interest expense. interest expense can be impacted by a variety of factors, including market fluctuations in libor, interest rate election periods, interest rate swap agreements and repayments of indebtedness. cash interest expense decreased during 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to a reduction in interest rate from the credit agreement refinancing completed in may 2013 and the 25 basis point reduction in borrowing costs during the second quarter of 2014 as a result of our net debt leverage ratio, as defined in our new term loan credit agreement, falling below 3.0 times. refer to note 11, "credit agreements," to the consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional details.
factors influencing provision for income taxes and cash income taxes paid.   we had approximately $837 million of tax-deductible goodwill and intangible asset amortization remaining as of december 31, 2014 related to our acquisition by ccmp in 2006 that we expect to generate cash tax savings of approximately $326 million through 2021, assuming continued profitability and a 39% tax rate. the recognition of the tax benefit associated with these assets for tax purposes is expected to be $122 million annually through 2020 and $102 million in 2021, which generates annual cash tax savings of $48 million through 2020 and $40 million in 2021, assuming profitability and a 39% tax rate. as a result of the asset acquisition of the magnum business in the fourth quarter of 2011, we had approximately $45.5 million of incremental tax deductible goodwill and intangible assets remaining as of december 31, 2014. we expect these assets to generate cash tax savings of $17.8 million through 2026 assuming continued profitability and a 39% tax rate. the amortization of these assets for tax purposes is expected to be $3.8 million annually through 2025 and $2.8 million in 2026, which generates an additional annual cash tax savings of $1.5 million through 2025 and $1.1 million in 2026, assuming profitability and a 39% tax rate. based on current business plans, we believe that our cash tax obligations through 2026 will be significantly reduced by these tax attributes. other domestic acquisitions have resulted in additional tax deductible goodwill and intangible assets that will generate tax savings, but are not material to the company's consolidated financial statements.
in the second quarter of 2013, the dividend recapitalization discussed under "liquidity and financial position" was completed. after considering the increased debt and related interest expense, the company believes it will still generate sufficient taxable income to fully utilize the tax attributes discussed above.
transactions with ccmp in november 2006, affiliates of ccmp, together with certain other investors and members of our management, purchased an aggregate of $689 million of our equity capital. in addition, on november 10, 2006, generac power systems borrowed an aggregate of $1.38 billion, consisting of an initial drawdown of $950 million under a $1.1 billion first lien secured credit facility and $430 million under a $430 million second lien secured credit facility. with the proceeds from these equity and debt financings, together with cash on hand at generac power systems, we (1) acquired all of the capital stock of generac power systems and repaid certain pre-transaction indebtedness of generac power systems for $2.0 billion, (2) paid $66 million in transaction costs related to the transaction and (3) retained $3 million for general corporate purposes. subsequently, during 2007, 2008 and 2009, affiliates of ccmp acquired approximately $249.2 million of second lien term loans and $9.9 million of first lien term loans for approximately $155.9 million. ccmp's affiliates then exchanged this debt for additional shares of then-existing class b common stock and series a preferred stock, which were subsequently converted into the same class of our common stock through a corporate reorganization in conjunction with the ipo in february 2010.
in august 2013, ccmp completed the last of a series of sale transactions that began in november 2012 by which it sold substantially all of the shares of common stock that it owned as of the ipo.
initial public offering on february 17, 2010, the company completed its ipo of 18,750,000 shares of its common stock at a price of $13.00 per share. in addition, the underwriters exercised their option and purchased an additional 1,950,500 shares of the company's common stock from the company on march 18, 2010. we received a total of approximately $247.9 million in net proceeds from the initial public offering and underwriters' option exercise, after deducting the underwriting discounts and expenses. all shares sold in this offering were primary shares. immediately following the ipo and underwriters' option exercise, we had 67,529,290 total shares of common stock outstanding.
components of net sales and expenses net sales substantially all of our net sales are generated through the sale of our generators and other engine powered products for the residential, light commercial, industrial, oil & gas, and construction markets. we also sell engines to certain customers and service parts to our dealer network. net sales, which include shipping and handling charges billed to customers, are generally recognized upon shipment of products to our customers. related freight costs are included in cost of sales.
26
during 2014, our net sales were affected primarily by the u.s. market as sales outside of the united states represented approximately 16% of total net sales.
we are not dependent on any one channel or customer for our net sales, with no single customer representing more than 8% of our sales for the year ended december 31, 2014 and our top ten customers representing less than 26% of our sales for the same period.
costs of goods sold the principal elements of costs of goods sold in our manufacturing operations are component parts, raw materials, factory overhead and labor. component parts and raw materials comprised over 85% of costs of goods sold for the year ended december 31, 2014. the principal component parts are engines and alternators. we design and manufacture air-cooled engines for certain of our products up to 22kw. we source engines for certain of our smaller products and all of our products larger than 22kw. for natural gas engines, we are recognized as the oem. we design all the alternators for our units and manufacture alternators for certain of our units. we also manufacture other generator components where we believe we have a design and cost advantage. we source component parts from an extensive global network of reliable, high quality suppliers. in some cases, these relationships are proprietary.
the principal raw materials used in the manufacturing process that are sourced are steel, copper and aluminum. we are susceptible to fluctuations in the cost of these commodities, impacting our costs of goods sold. we seek to mitigate the impact of commodity prices on our business through a continued focus on global sourcing, product design improvements, manufacturing efficiencies, price increases and select hedging transactions. however, there is typically a lag between raw material price fluctuations and their effect on our costs of goods sold.
other sources of costs include our manufacturing and warehousing facilities, factory overhead, labor and shipping costs. factory overhead includes utilities, support personnel, depreciation, general supplies, support and maintenance. although we attempt to maintain a flexible manufacturing cost structure, our margins can be impacted when we cannot timely adjust labor and manufacturing costs to match fluctuations in net sales.
operating expenses our operating expenses consist of costs incurred to support our sales, marketing, distribution, service parts, engineering, information systems, human resources, finance, risk management, legal and tax functions. these expenses include personnel costs such as salaries, bonuses, employee benefit costs and taxes, and are classified into three categories: selling and service, research and development, and general and administrative. additionally, the amortization expense related to our finite-lived intangible assets is included within operating expenses.
selling and service.    our selling and service expenses consist primarily of personnel expense, marketing expense, warranty expense and other sales expenses. our personnel expense recorded in selling and services expenses includes the expense of our sales force responsible for our broad customer base and other personnel involved in the marketing, sales and service of our products. warranty expense, which is recorded at the time of sale, is estimated based on historical trends. our marketing expenses include direct mail costs, printed material costs, product display costs, market research expenses, trade show expenses, media advertising and co-op advertising costs. marketing expenses are generally related to the launch of new product offerings, participation in trade shows and other events, and opportunities to create market awareness for home standby generators in areas impacted by heightened power outage activity.
research and development.    our research and development expenses support numerous projects covering all of our product lines. we currently operate engineering facilities at eight locations globally and employ over 250 personnel with focus on new product development, existing product improvement and cost containment. our commitment to research and development has resulted in a significant portfolio of over 170 u.s. and international patents and patent applications. our research and development costs are expensed as incurred.
general and administrative.    our general and administrative expenses include personnel costs for general and administrative employees, accounting and legal professional services fees, information technology costs, insurance, travel and entertainment expense and other corporate expense.
amortization of intangibles.    our amortization of intangibles expenses include the straight-line amortization of definite-lived customer lists, patents and other intangibles assets.
27
other income (expense)
other income (expense) includes the interest expense on our outstanding borrowings, amortization of debt financing costs and original issue discount as well as expenses related to interest rate swap agreements. other income (expense) also includes other financial items such as loss on extinguishment of debt, a gain on change in contractual interest rate, interest income earned on our cash and cash equivalents, and costs related to acquisitions.
costs related to acquisitions.    in 2014, the other expenses include one-time transaction-related expenses related to the acquisitions of powermate and mac. in 2013, other expenses include one-time transaction-related expenses related to the acquisitions of tower light and baldor. in 2012, other expenses include one-time transaction-related expenses related to the acquisition of the ottomotores businesses.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013
the following table sets forth our consolidated statement of operations data for the periods indicated:
(dollars in thousands)                   year ended             year ended december 31,           december 31,
2014                   2013

net sales                                                 $1,460,919             $1,485,765
costs of goods sold                                          944,700                916,205
gross profit                                                 516,219                569,560
operating expenses:
selling and service                                          120,408                107,515
research and development                                      31,494                 29,271
general and administrative                                    54,795                 55,490
amortization of intangibles                                   21,024                 25,819
gain on remeasurement of contingent consideration             (4,877   )                  -
total operating expenses                                     222,844                218,095
income from operations                                       293,375                351,465
total other expense, net                                      35,013                 72,749
income before provision for income taxes                     258,362                278,716
provision for income taxes                                    83,749                104,177
net income                                                  $174,613               $174,539
(dollars in thousands)                year ended         year ended december 31,       december 31,
2014               2013

residential power products                           $722,206           $843,727
commercial &amp; industrial power products            652,216            569,890
other                                                  86,498             72,148
net sales                                          $1,460,919         $1,485,765
net sales. net sales decreased $24.9 million, or 1.7%, to $1,460.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 from $1,485.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. residential product sales decreased 14.4% to $722.2 million from $843.7 million for the comparable period in 2013. residential product sales declined on a year-over-year basis as the prior year benefited from approximately $140 million in incremental shipments as a result of satisfying the extended lead times that resulted from superstorm sandy in october 2012, which did not repeat in 2014. excluding this benefit in the prior year, residential products increased approximately 3%. c&i product sales increased 14.4% to $652.2 million from $569.9 million for the comparable period in 2013, primarily due to the contributions from recent acquisitions along with strength in the oil & gas markets, partially offset by reduced capital spending from certain telecom customers and overall softness within latin america.
gross profit. gross profit decreased $53.4 million, or 9.4%, to $516.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 from $569.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. gross profit margin for the year ended december 31, 2014 decreased to 35.3% from 38.3% for the year ended december 31, 2013. the decline in gross margin was driven by the combination of a higher mix of organic c&i product shipments, the impact of recent acquisitions, an increase in promotional activities in the current year, and an overall increase in product costs, including a temporary increase in certain costs associated with the slowdown of activity in west coast ports as well as short-term increases in other overhead-related costs.
28
operating expenses. operating expenses increased $4.7 million to $222.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 from $218.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. operating expenses increased primarily due to the impact of recent acquisitions, a more favorable adjustment to warranty reserves in 2013 as compared to the current year, and increased marketing and advertising expenses to support our powering ahead strategy. these increases were partially offset by a $4.9 million gain recorded in the second quarter of 2014 relating to a remeasurement of a contingent earn-out obligation from a recent acquisition and a $4.8 million year-over-year decline in amortization of intangible assets.
other expense. other expense decreased $37.7 million, or 51.9%, to $35.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 from $72.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. beginning in the second quarter of 2014, there was a 25 basis point reduction in borrowing costs as a result of the company's net debt leverage ratio falling below 3.0 times, resulting in a $16.0 million non-cash gain being recorded in 2014. in conjunction with the may 2013 refinancing and other debt prepayments made in the prior year, a $15.3 million loss on extinguishment of debt was recorded. during 2014, $87.0 million of voluntary prepayments of term loan debt were made, which resulted in recording a $2.1 million loss on extinguishment of debt. additionally, there was a $7.2 million year-over-year decrease in interest expense due to the refinancing of our debt in may 2013.
income tax expense. income tax expense decreased $20.5 million to $83.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 from $104.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the effective tax rate for 2014 was 32.4% as compared to 37.4% for 2013. the decrease in effective tax rate was primarily attributable to tax planning related to the federal and state research credits, and utilization of the federal domestic production activity deduction due to sufficient taxable income.
net income. as a result of the factors identified above, we generated net income of $174.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $174.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2013.
adjusted ebitda. adjusted ebitda, as defined and reconciled in item 6, "selected financial data," decreased to $337.3 million in 2014 as compared to $402.6 million in 2013, due to the factors discussed above.
adjusted net income. adjusted net income, as defined and reconciled in item 6, "selected financial data," decreased to $234.2 million in 2014 compared to $301.7 million in 2013, due to the factors discussed above.
year ended december 31, 2013 compared to year ended december 31, 2012
(dollars in thousands)               year ended         year ended december 31,       december 31,
2013               2012

net sales                                        $1,485,765         $1,176,306
costs of goods sold                                 916,205            735,906
gross profit                                        569,560            440,400
operating expenses:
selling and service                                 107,515            101,448
research and development                             29,271             23,499
general and administrative                           55,490             46,031
amortization of intangibles                          25,819             45,867
total operating expenses                            218,095            216,845
income from operations                              351,465            223,555
total other expense, net                             72,749             67,203
income before provision for income taxes            278,716            156,352
provision for income taxes                          104,177             63,129
net income                                         $174,539            $93,223
29
(dollars in thousands)               year ended december 31, 2013      year ended december 31, 2012

residential power products                                          $843,727                          $705,444
commercial &amp; industrial power products                           569,890                           410,341
other                                                                 72,148                            60,521
net sales                                                         $1,485,765                        $1,176,306
net sales. net sales increased $309.5 million, or 26.3%, to $1,485.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 from $1,176.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2012. residential product sales increased 19.6% to $843.7 million from $705.4 million for the comparable period in 2012. the increase in residential product sales was primarily driven by increases in shipments for home standby generators due to a combination of factors including the additional awareness and adoption of our products created by major power outages in recent years, including superstorm sandy in 2012, the company's expanded distribution, increased sales and marketing initiatives, overall strong operational execution and an improving environment for residential investment. the strength in home standby generators was partially offset by a decline in shipments of portable generators due to less severe power outage events relative to the prior year. in addition, increased revenue from power washer products contributed to the year-over-year sales growth in residential products. c&i product sales increased 38.9% to $569.9 million from $410.3 million for the comparable period in 2012. the increase was driven by the impact of recent acquisitions along with strong organic growth for stationary and mobile generators. the increase in organic revenues was primarily driven by strong shipments to national account customers and increased sales of natural gas generators used in light commercial applications.
gross profit. gross profit increased $129.2 million, or 29.3%, to $569.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 from $440.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2012. gross profit margin for the year ended december 31, 2013 increased to 38.3% from 37.4% for the year ended december 31, 2012. this gross margin improvement reflects improved product mix, improved pricing and a moderation in product costs due to lower commodity prices and execution of cost reduction initiatives. these margin improvements were partially offset by the mix impact from recent acquisitions.
operating expenses. operating expenses increased $1.3 million to $218.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 from $216.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2012. this increase resulted from the impact of recent acquisitions, as well as increased sales, engineering and administrative infrastructure to support the strategic growth initiatives and higher sales levels of the company. these increases were mostly offset by warranty rate improvements resulting in a $17.6 million favorable adjustment to warranty reserves driven by better claims experience, which impacted selling and service expense, as well as a decline in the amortization of intangibles.
other expense. other expense increased $5.5 million, or 8.3%, to $72.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 from $67.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2012. these additional expenses were primarily driven by a $5.3 million increase in interest expense due to the higher debt levels from the may 2012 and 2013 refinancing transactions, partially offset by a slight reduction in interest rate on the new credit facility.
income tax expense. income tax expense increased $41.1 million to $104.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 from $63.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2012. the increase was primarily driven by the increase in pre-tax income during 2013 compared to 2012, partially offset by a lower effective tax rate. the decrease in the effective income tax rate year-over-year is primarily due to the lower tax rate of a foreign subsidiary acquired during the fourth quarter of 2012 and the reinstatement of the federal research and development tax credit in 2013.
net income. as a result of the factors identified above, we generated net income of $174.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $93.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2012.
adjusted ebitda. adjusted ebitda, as defined and reconciled in item 6, "selected financial data," increased to $402.6 million in 2013 as compared to $289.8 million in 2012 due to the factors discussed above.
adjusted net income. adjusted net income, as defined and reconciled in item 6, "selected financial data," increased to $301.7 million in 2013 compared to $220.8 million in 2012 due to the factors discussed above.
30
liquidity and financial position our primary cash requirements include payment for our raw material and component supplies, salaries & benefits, operating expenses, interest and principal payments on our debt and capital expenditures. we finance our operations primarily through cash flow generated from operations and, if necessary, borrowings under our abl revolving credit facility.
in february 2012, we paid in full our previously existing debt and entered into a new credit agreement (credit agreement). the credit agreement provided for borrowings under a $150.0 million revolving credit facility, a $325.0 million tranche a term loan facility and a $250.0 million tranche b term loan facility. proceeds received from loans made under the credit agreement were used to repay in full all outstanding borrowings under the former credit agreement, dated as of november 10, 2006, as amended from time to time, and for general corporate purposes.
in may 2012, we amended and restated our then existing credit agreement by entering into a new credit agreement (term loan credit agreement) and a new revolving credit agreement (abl credit agreement). the term loan credit agreement provided for a $900.0 million term loan b credit facility (term loan) and included a $125.0 million uncommitted incremental term loan facility and the abl credit agreement provided for borrowings under a $150.0 million senior secured abl revolving credit facility and an uncommitted $50.0 million incremental revolving credit facility. a portion of the proceeds from the term loan were used to repay outstanding borrowings under the previous credit agreement. the remaining proceeds from the term loan were used, together with cash on hand, to pay a special cash dividend of $6.00 per share on our common stock (2012 dividend recapitalization).
on may 31, 2013, we amended and restated our then existing term loan credit agreement by entering into a new term loan credit agreement (new term loan credit agreement). the new term loan credit agreement provided for a $1.2 billion term loan b credit facility (new term loan) and included a $300.0 million uncommitted incremental term loan facility. the new term loan credit agreement matures on may 31, 2020. proceeds from the new term loan were used to repay outstanding borrowings under the previous term loan credit agreement and to fund a special cash dividend of $5.00 per share on our common stock (2013 dividend recapitalization). remaining funds from the new term loan were used for general corporate purposes and to pay related financing fees and expenses. the new term loan initially bore interest at rates based upon either a base rate plus an applicable margin of 1.75% or adjusted libor rate plus an applicable margin of 2.75%, subject to a libor floor of 0.75%. beginning in the second quarter of 2014, the applicable margin related to base rate loans has been reduced to 1.50% and the applicable margin related to libor rate loans has been reduced to 2.50%, to the extent generac power systems' (borrower) net debt leverage ratio, as defined in the new term loan credit agreement, is below 3.00 to 1.00 for that measurement period. for the fourth quarter of 2014, the borrower's net debt leverage ratio continued to be below 3.00 to 1.00.
concurrent with the closing of the new term loan credit agreement, on may 31, 2013, we amended our existing abl credit agreement. the amendment provides for a one year extension of the maturity date in respect of the $150.0 million senior secured abl revolving credit facility provided under the previous abl credit agreement (abl facility). the extended maturity date of the abl facility is may 31, 2018. as of december 31, 2014, no amounts were outstanding under the abl facility.
at december 31, 2014, we had cash and cash equivalents of $189.8 million and $148.5 million of availability under our revolving credit facility, net of outstanding letters of credit and outstanding borrowings.
refer to note 11, "credit agreements," to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information.
long-term liquidity we believe that our cash flow from operations and our availability under our revolving credit facility, combined with relatively low ongoing capital expenditure requirements and favorable tax attributes (which result in a lower cash tax rate as compared to the u.s. statutory tax rate) provide us with sufficient capital to continue to grow our business in the future. we will use a portion of our cash flow to pay interest and principal on our outstanding debt, impacting the amount available for working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes. as we continue to expand our business, we may require additional capital to fund working capital, capital expenditures or acquisitions.
cash flow year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013
the following table summarizes our cash flows by category for the periods presented:
year ended december 31,

(dollars in thousands)                      2014                        2013                        change              % change net cash provided by operating activities              $252,986                      $259,944       $(6,958         )           -2.7   %
net cash used in investing activities                   (95,491   )                  (144,549   )         49,058               -33.9   %
net cash used in financing activities                  (116,023   )                   (73,399   )         (42,624   )   58.1           %
31
net cash provided by operating activities was $253.0 million for 2014 compared to $259.9 million in 2013. this decrease of $6.9 million, or 2.7%, is primarily attributable to lower operating income, after adding back non-cash items, in the current year, partially offset by a reduction in working capital investment due to a slight decrease in inventory levels in 2014 as compared to a significant increase in inventory in 2013. the prior year period included a significant use of cash to replenish finished good inventory levels that had been depleted by demand driven from major power outages.
net cash used for investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2014 was $95.5 million. this included cash payments of $61.2 million related to the acquisition of businesses and $34.7 million for the purchase of property and equipment. net cash used for investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2013 was $144.6 million. this included cash payments of $116.1 million related to the acquisition of businesses and $30.8 million for the purchase of property and equipment, partially offset by cash proceeds of $2.3 million from the sale of a business.
net cash used for financing activities was $116.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily representing $120.4 million of debt repayments ($94.0 million repayment of long-term borrowings and $26.4 million repayment of short-term borrowings), partially offset by $6.6 million of cash proceeds from short-term borrowings. in addition, the company paid $12.2 million of taxes related to the net share settlement of equity awards, which was partially offset by $11.0 million of cash inflow related to excess tax benefits of equity awards.
net cash used for financing activities was $73.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily representing the net cash impact of debt prepayments and the dividend recapitalization transaction that occurred during the first half of 2013, including cash proceeds from long-term borrowings of $1,200.0 million offset by $901.2 million of long-term borrowing repayments. the company paid $22.4 million for transaction fees incurred in connection with the may 2013 refinancing transaction. following the refinancing, the company paid a special cash dividend of $5.00 per share ($340.8 million) on the company's common stock (incremental to the $2.6 million cash dividends paid during 2013, related to the 2012 dividend, due to the vesting of restricted stock awards). in addition, the company paid $15.0 million in taxes related to the net share settlement of equity awards which was partially offset by approximately $11.6 million of excess tax benefits of equity awards. finally, the company repaid $19.0 million of short-term borrowings, which were partially offset by $16.0 million of cash proceeds from short-term borrowings.
year ended december 31, 2013 compared to year ended december 31, 2012
the following table summarizes our cash flows by category for the periods presented:
year ended december 31,

(dollars in thousands)                      2013                        2012                        change                   % change net cash provided by operating activities              $259,944                      $235,594       $24,350                      10.3   %
net cash used in investing activities                  (144,549   )                   (69,345   )         (75,204   )          -108.4   %
net cash used in financing activities                   (73,399   )                  (151,352   )          77,953                51.5   %
net cash provided by operating activities was $259.9 million for 2013 compared to $235.6 million in 2012. this increase of $24.4 million, or 10.3%, is primarily attributable to increased operating earnings as a result of strong organic sales growth and improved operating margins partially offset by increased working capital investments, such as increases in inventory levels to support higher production rates and replenish finished good inventories.
net cash used for investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2013 was $144.6 million. this included cash payments of $116.1 million related to the acquisition of businesses and $30.8 million for the purchase of property and equipment, partially offset by cash proceeds of $2.3 million from the sale of a business. net cash used for investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2012 was $69.3 million. this included $22.4 million for the purchase of property and equipment and $47.0 million for the acquisition of a business.
net cash used for financing activities was $73.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily representing the net cash impact of debt prepayments and the dividend recapitalization transaction that occurred during the first half of 2013, including cash proceeds from long-term borrowings of $1,200.0 million offset by $901.2 million of long-term borrowing repayments. the company paid $22.4 million for transaction fees incurred in connection with the may 2013 refinancing transaction. following the refinancing, the company paid a special cash dividend of $5.00 per share ($340.8 million) on the company's common stock (incremental to the $2.6 million cash dividends paid during 2013, related to the 2012 dividend, due to the vesting of restricted stock awards). in addition, the company paid $15.0 million in taxes related to the net share settlement of equity awards which was partially offset by approximately $11.6 million of excess tax benefits of equity awards. finally, the company repaid $19.0 million of short-term borrowings, which were partially offset by $16.0 million of cash proceeds from short-term borrowings.
32
net cash used for financing activities was $151.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2012, primarily representing the net cash impact of our refinancing activities and the dividend recapitalization transaction that occurred during the first half of 2012, including cash proceeds from long-term borrowings of $1,455.6 million offset by $1,175.1 million of long-term borrowing repayments. the company made $25.7 million of cash payments for transaction fees incurred in connection with these refinancing transactions. following the may 2012 refinancing, the company paid a special cash dividend of $6.00 per share ($404.3 million, which excludes dividends for unvested restricted stock) on the company's common stock during the second quarter of 2012.
senior secured credit facilities refer to note 11, "credit agreements," to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 and the "liquidity and financial position" section included in item 7 of this annual report on form 10-k for information on the senior secured credit facilities.
covenant compliance the new term loan credit agreement contains restrictions on the borrower's ability to pay distributions and dividends (but which permitted the payment of the special cash dividend described in note 17, "special cash dividend," to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k). payments can be made by the borrower to the company or other parent companies for certain expenses such as operating expenses in the ordinary course, fees and expenses related to any debt or equity offering and to pay franchise or similar taxes. dividends can be used to repurchase equity interests, subject to limitations in certain circumstances. additionally, the new term loan credit agreement restricts the aggregate amount of dividends and distributions that can be paid and, in certain circumstances, requires pro forma compliance with certain fixed charge coverage ratios or gross leverage ratios, as applicable, in order to pay certain dividends and distributions. the new term loan credit agreement also contains other affirmative and negative covenants that, among other things, limit the incurrence of additional indebtedness, liens on property, sale and leaseback transactions, investments, loans and advances, mergers or consolidations, asset sales, acquisitions, transactions with affiliates, prepayments of certain other indebtedness and modifications of our organizational documents. the new term loan credit agreement does not contain any financial maintenance covenants.
the new term loan credit agreement contains customary events of default, including, among others, nonpayment of principal, interest or other amounts, failure to perform covenants, inaccuracy of representations or warranties in any material respect, cross-defaults with other material indebtedness, certain undischarged judgments, the occurrence of certain erisa, bankruptcy or insolvency events, or the occurrence of a change in control (as defined in the new term loan credit agreement). a bankruptcy or insolvency event of default will cause the obligations under the new term loan credit agreement to automatically become immediately due and payable.
the new abl credit agreement also contains covenants and events of default substantially similar to those in the new term loan credit agreement, as described above.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our expected payments for significant contractual obligations as of december 31, 2014:
(dollars in thousands)                       total          less than 1 year     2 - 3 years      4 - 5 years      after 5 years

long-term debt, including curent portion (1)                $1,104,460                  $389              $71               $-        $1,104,000
capital lease obligations, including current portion             2,059                   168              368              389             1,134
interest on long-term debt                                     197,422                36,447           72,975           72,851            15,149
operating leases                                                 6,987                 2,585            4,138              264                 -
total contractual cash obligations (2)                      $1,310,928               $39,589          $77,552          $73,504        $1,120,283
(1) on may 31, 2013, the borrower amended and restated its then existing term loan credit agreement by entering into the new term loan credit agreement with certain commercial banks and other lenders. the new term loan credit agreement provided for a $1,200.0 million new term loan and a $300.0 million uncommitted incremental term loan facility. the new term loan credit agreement matures on may 31, 2020.
(2) pension obligations are excluded from this table as we are unable to estimate the timing of payment due to the inherent assumptions underlying the obligation. however, the company estimates we will contribute $1.2 million to our pension plans in 2015.
33
capital expenditures our operations require capital expenditures for technology, tooling, equipment, capacity expansion and upgrades. capital expenditures were $34.7 million and $30.8 million for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, and were funded through cash from operations.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have an arrangement with a finance company to provide floor plan financing for selected dealers. this arrangement provides liquidity for our dealers by financing dealer purchases of products with credit availability from the finance company. we receive payment from the finance company after shipment of product to the dealer and our dealers are given a longer period of time to pay the finance provider. if our dealers do not pay the finance company, we may be required to repurchase the applicable inventory held by the dealer. we do not indemnify the finance company for any credit losses they may incur.
total inventory financed accounted for approximately 8% of net sales for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013. the amount financed by dealers which remained outstanding was $26.1 million and $24.3 million as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
critical accounting policies in preparing the financial statements in accordance with u.s. gaap, management is required to make estimates and assumptions that have an impact on the asset, liability, revenue and expense amounts reported. these estimates can also affect supplemental information disclosures of the company, including information about contingencies, risk and financial condition. the company believes, given current facts and circumstances, that its estimates and assumptions are reasonable, adhere to u.s. gaap, and are consistently applied. inherent in the nature of an estimate or assumption is the fact that actual results may differ from estimates and estimates may vary as new facts and circumstances arise. the company makes routine estimates and judgments in determining net realizable value of accounts receivable, inventories, property, plant and equipment, and prepaid expenses. management believes the company's most critical accounting estimates and assumptions are in the following areas: goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment assessment; business combinations and purchase accounting; defined benefit pension obligations; estimates of allowance for doubtful accounts, excess and obsolete inventory reserves, product warranty and other contingencies; derivative accounting; income taxes and share based compensation.
goodwill and other intangible assets see note 2, "significant accounting policies - goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets," to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on the company's policy regarding the accounting for goodwill and other intangible assets. the company performed the required annual impairment tests for goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012, and found no impairment.
when preparing a discounted cash flow analysis for purposes of our annual impairment test, we make a number of key estimates and assumptions. we estimate the future cash flows of the business based on historical and forecasted revenues and operating costs. this, in turn, involves further estimates, such as estimates of future growth rates and inflation rates. in addition, we apply a discount rate to the estimated future cash flows for the purpose of the valuation. this discount rate is based on the estimated weighted average cost of capital for the business and may change from year to year. weighted average cost of capital includes certain assumptions such as market capital structures, market betas, risk-free rate of return and estimated costs of borrowing.
in our october 31, 2014 impairment test calculation, the ottomotores reporting unit had an estimated fair value that was approximately equal to carrying value. the carrying value of the ottomotores goodwill was approximately $4.6 million as of december 31, 2014. key financial assumptions utilized to determine the fair value of the reporting unit includes revenue growth levels that reflect a recovery of latin american economies, impacts of mexican energy reform, improving profit margins, a 3% terminal growth rate and a 16.8% discount rate. a 50 basis point increase in the discount rate results in a decrease to the estimated fair value of the reporting unit of approximately 4%, while a reduction in the sales continuous annual growth rate of 100 basis points would decrease the estimated fair value by approximately 3%. as of the october 31, 2014 impairment test date, there were no other reporting units with a carrying value that was at risk of exceeding its fair value.
34
as noted above, a considerable amount of management judgment and assumptions are required in performing the goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment tests. while we believe our judgments and assumptions are reasonable, different assumptions could change the estimated fair values. a number of factors, many of which we have no ability to control, could cause actual results to differ from the estimates and assumptions we employed. these factors include:
●   a prolonged global or regional economic downturn;

●   a significant decrease in the demand for our products;

●   the inability to develop new and enhanced products and services in a timely manner;

●   a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate;

●   an adverse action or assessment by a regulator;

●   successful efforts by our competitors to gain market share in our markets;

●   disruptions to the company's business;

●   inability to effectively integrate acquired businesses;

●   unexpected or planned changes in the use of assets or entity structure; and

●   business divestitures.

if management's estimates of future operating results change or if there are changes to other assumptions due to these factors, the estimate of the fair values may change significantly. such change could result in impairment charges in future periods, which could have a significant impact on our operating results and financial condition.
business combinations and purchase accounting we account for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, and accordingly, the assets and liabilities of the acquired business are recorded at their respective fair values. the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of assets and liabilities is recorded as goodwill. assigning fair market values to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of an acquisition requires knowledge of current market values, and the values of assets in use, and often requires the application of judgment regarding estimates and assumptions. while the ultimate responsibility resides with management, for material acquisitions we retain the services of certified valuation specialists to assist with assigning estimated values to certain acquired assets and assumed liabilities, including intangible assets and tangible long-lived assets. acquired intangible assets, excluding goodwill, are valued using certain discounted cash flow methodologies based on future cash flows specific to the type of intangible asset purchased. this methodology incorporates various estimates and assumptions, the most significant being projected revenue growth rates, earnings margins, and forecasted cash flows based on the discount rate and terminal growth rate.
defined benefit pension obligations the company's pension benefit obligation and related pension expense or income are calculated in accordance with asc 715-30, defined benefit plans-pension, and are impacted by certain actuarial assumptions, including the discount rate and the expected rate of return on plan assets. rates are evaluated on an annual basis considering such factors as market interest rates and historical asset performance. actuarial valuations for fiscal year 2014 used a discount rate of 3.97% for the salaried pension plan and 3.99% for the hourly pension plan. our discount rate was selected using a methodology that matches plan cash flows with a selection of "aa" or higher rated bonds, resulting in a discount rate that better matches a bond yield curve with comparable cash flows. in estimating the expected return on plan assets, we study historical markets and preserve the long-term historical relationships between equities and fixed-income securities. we evaluate current market factors such as inflation and interest rates before we determine long-term capital market assumptions and review peer data and historical returns to check for reasonableness and appropriateness. changes in the discount rate and return on assets can have a significant effect on the funded status of our pension plans, stockholders' equity and related expense. we cannot predict these changes in discount rates or investment returns and, therefore, cannot reasonably estimate whether the impact in subsequent years will be significant.
the funded status of our pension plans is the difference between the projected benefit obligation and the fair value of its plan assets. the projected benefit obligation is the actuarial present value of all benefits expected to be earned by the employees' service. no compensation increase is assumed in the calculation of the projected benefit obligation, as the plans were frozen effective december 31, 2008. further information regarding the funded status of our pension plans can be found in note 14, "benefit plans," to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
our funding policy for our pension plans is to contribute amounts at least equal to the minimum annual amount required by applicable regulations. given this policy, we expect to make $1.2 million in contributions to our pension plans in 2015.
allowance for doubtful accounts, excess & obsolete inventory reserves, product warranty reserves and other contingencies the reserves, if any, for customer rebates, product warranty, product liability, litigation, excess and obsolete inventory, and doubtful accounts are fact-specific and take into account such factors as specific customer situations, historical experience, and current and expected economic conditions. further information on these reserves are reflected under notes 2, 8, 10, 16 and 19 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
35
derivative accounting see note 2, "significant accounting policies - derivative instruments and hedging activities," and note 4, "derivative instruments and hedging activities," to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on the company's policy and assumptions related to derivative accounting.
income taxes we account for income taxes in accordance with asc 740, income taxes. our estimate of income taxes payable, deferred income taxes and the effective tax rate is based on an analysis of many factors including interpretations of federal, state and international income tax laws; the difference between tax and financial reporting bases of assets and liabilities; estimates of amounts currently due or owed in various jurisdictions; and current accounting standards. we review and update our estimates on a quarterly basis as facts and circumstances change and actual results are known.
our balance sheet includes significant deferred tax assets as a result of goodwill and intangible asset book versus tax differences. in assessing the realizability of these deferred tax assets, we consider whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. the ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the years in which those temporary differences become deductible. we consider the taxable income in prior carryback years, scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment.
generac brazil, acquired in the ottomotores acquisition in december 2012, is in a three-year cumulative net loss position due to the start-up nature of the business, and therefore we have not considered expected future taxable income in analyzing the realizability of its deferred tax assets as of december 31, 2014. as a result, a full valuation allowance was recorded against the deferred tax assets of generac brazil.
in performing the assessment of the realization of our deferred tax assets as of december 31, 2014, excluding generac brazil, we have determined that it is more likely than not that our deferred tax assets will be realized, and therefore no valuation allowance is required.
share based compensation under the fair value recognition provisions of asc 718, compensation - stock compensation, share based compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period. determining the fair value of share based awards at the grant date requires judgment, including estimating expected dividends and market volatility of our stock. in addition, judgment is also required in estimating the amount of share based awards that are expected to be forfeited. if actual results differ significantly from these estimates, share based compensation expense and our results of operations could be impacted.
new accounting standards for information with respect to new accounting pronouncements and the impact of these pronouncements on our consolidated financial statements, see note 2, "significant accounting policies - new accounting pronouncements," to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
