risk factors
.
the statements in this section describe the known material risks to our business and should be considered carefully.
our ability to complete the baker hughes acquisition is subject to various closing conditions, including the approval of baker hughes and our stockholders and the receipt of consents and approvals from governmental authorities, which may impose conditions that could adversely affect us or cause the acquisition to be abandoned.
to complete the acquisition, our stockholders must approve the issuance of shares of our common stock as contemplated by the merger agreement, and baker hughes stockholders must adopt the merger agreement. in addition, we and baker hughes must also make certain filings with and obtain certain consents and approvals from various governmental and regulatory authorities.
we have not yet obtained the regulatory consents and approvals required to complete the acquisition. governmental or regulatory agencies could seek to block or challenge the acquisition. even if these regulatory consents and approvals are obtained, the governmental authorities from which these approvals are required may impose conditions on the completion of the acquisition, including requiring significant divestitures, that could have an adverse effect on the combined company following the acquisition. we will be unable to complete the acquisition until the waiting periods under the hart-scott-rodino antitrust improvements act, as amended, and the rules promulgated thereunder by the federal trade commission have expired or been terminated and consents and approvals are received from the european commission and various other governmental authorities (jointly, the "regulatory clearances").
additionally, even after the statutory waiting period under the antitrust laws and even after completion of the acquisition, governmental authorities could seek to block or challenge the acquisition as they deem necessary or desirable in the public interest. in addition, in some jurisdictions, a competitor, customer or other third party could initiate a private action under the antitrust laws challenging or seeking to enjoin the acquisition, before or after it is completed. baker hughes or halliburton may not prevail and may incur significant costs in defending or settling any action under the antitrust laws. the merger agreement may require us to accept conditions from these regulators that could adversely impact the combined company. if we agree to undertake divestitures or comply with operating restrictions in order to obtain any approvals required to complete the acquisition, we may be less able to realize anticipated benefits of the acquisition, and the business and results of operations of the combined company after the acquisition may be adversely affected. if the regulatory clearances are not received, or they are not received on terms that satisfy the conditions set forth in the merger agreement, then neither we nor baker hughes will be obligated to complete the acquisition.
if we and baker hughes are unable to complete the acquisition, we would be subject to a number of risks, including the following:
-  we would not realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition, including, among other things, increased operating efficiencies;
-  the attention of our management may have been diverted to the acquisition rather than to our own operations and the pursuit of other opportunities that could have been beneficial to us;
-  the potential loss of key personnel during the pendency of the acquisition as employees may experience uncertainty about their future roles with the combined company;
we will have been subject to certain restrictions on the conduct of our business, which may prevent us from
-  making certain acquisitions or dispositions or pursuing certain business opportunities while the acquisition is pending; and
-  the trading price of our common stock may decline to the extent that the current market prices reflect a market assumption that the acquisition will be completed.
if the acquisition is not completed, our ongoing businesses may be adversely affected. under the merger agreement, we could be required, under certain circumstances, to pay baker hughes a termination fee of $1.5 billion or, in certain circumstances where the termination of the merger agreement is related to failures to obtain the regulatory clearances, $3.5 billion. if such a termination fee is payable, the payment of this fee could have material and adverse consequences to the financial condition and operations of halliburton.
we can provide no assurance that the various closing conditions will be satisfied and that the necessary regulatory clearances and other approvals will be obtained, or that any required conditions will not materially adversely affect the combined company following the acquisition. in addition, we can provide no assurance that these conditions will not result in the abandonment or delay of the acquisition. the occurrence of any of these events individually or in combination could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and the trading price of our common stock.
pending litigation against us and baker hughes could result in an injunction preventing the consummation of the acquisition or may adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations following the acquisition.
following the announcement of the acquisition, various lawsuits have been filed in the court of chancery of the state of delaware and the u.s. district court for the southern district of texas against baker hughes, the members of the baker hughes board, and us, alleging breaches of various fiduciary duties by the members of the baker hughes board during the acquisition negotiations and by entering into the merger agreement and approving the acquisition and alleging that we and baker
6
hughes aided and abetted such alleged breaches of fiduciary duties. among other remedies, the plaintiffs seek to enjoin the acquisition and rescind the merger agreement, in addition to certain unspecified damages and reimbursement of costs. while we and baker hughes believe these suits are without merit and intend to vigorously defend against such claims, the outcome of any such litigation is inherently uncertain. the defense or settlement of any lawsuit or claim that remains unresolved at the time the acquisition closes may adversely affect the combined company's business, financial condition or results of operation.
our stockholders will have a reduced ownership and voting interest after the baker hughes acquisition and will exercise less influence over management of the combined company.
our stockholders currently have the right to vote for our board of directors and on other matters affecting the company. when the acquisition occurs, each baker hughes stockholder that receives shares of our common stock will become a stockholder of ours and correspondingly, each of our stockholders will remain a stockholder of halliburton company with a percentage ownership of the combined company that is significantly smaller than the stockholder's percentage ownership prior to the acquisition. upon completion of the acquisition, former baker hughes stockholders are expected to hold approximately 37% of our common stock. as a result of these reduced ownership percentages, our stockholders will have less influence on the management and policies of the combined company than they now have with respect to halliburton company.
we will incur significant transaction, acquisition-related and restructuring costs in connection with the baker hughes acquisition and the combined company could incur substantial expenses related to the integration of baker hughes.
we expect to incur costs associated with combining our operations and the operations of baker hughes, as well as transaction fees and other costs related to the acquisition. many of these costs will be borne by us even if the acquisition is not completed. we will incur through completion of the acquisition, and the combined company will incur following the completion of the acquisition, substantial expenses in connection with integrating each company's respective businesses, policies, procedures, operations, technologies and systems. there are a large number of systems that must be integrated, including information management, purchasing, accounting and finance, sales, billing, payroll and benefits, fixed asset and lease administration systems and regulatory compliance. many of the expenses that will be incurred, by their nature, are difficult to estimate accurately at the present time.
these expenses could, particularly in the near term, reduce the savings that we expect to achieve from the elimination of duplicative expenses and the realization of economies of scale and cost savings related to the integration of the businesses following the completion of the acquisition, and accordingly, any net benefits may not be achieved in the near term or at all. these integration expenses may result in significant charges taken against earnings by us prior to completion of the acquisition and by the combined company following the completion of the acquisition.
the market value of our common stock could decline if large amounts of our common stock are sold following the baker hughes acquisition.
following the acquisition, our stockholders and former stockholders of baker hughes will own interests in a combined company operating an expanded business with more assets and a different mix of liabilities. our current stockholders and the current stockholders of baker hughes may not wish to continue to invest in the combined company, or may wish to reduce their investment in the combined company, in order to comply with institutional investing guidelines, to increase diversification or to track any rebalancing of stock indices in which our or baker hughes common stock is or was included. if, following the acquisition, large amounts of our common stock are sold, the price of our common stock could decline.
the baker hughes acquisition may not be accretive, and may be dilutive, to our earnings per share in the near term, which may negatively affect the market price of our common stock.
we anticipate that the acquisition may not be accretive, and may be dilutive, to earnings per share until the end of the second calendar year after closing. this expectation is based on preliminary estimates that may materially change. in addition, future events and conditions could decrease or delay any accretion, result in dilution or cause greater dilution than is currently expected, including:
-  adverse changes in energy market conditions;
-  commodity prices for oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids;
-  production levels;
-  operating results;
-  competitive conditions;
-  laws and regulations affecting the energy business;
-  capital expenditure obligations;
-  higher than expected integration costs;
-  lower than expected synergies; and
-  general economic conditions.
any dilution of, or decrease or delay of any accretion to, our earnings per share could cause the price of our common stock to decline.
7
the combined halliburton and baker hughes company will record goodwill that could become impaired and adversely affect the combined company's operating results.
the acquisition will be accounted for as an acquisition by us in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states. under the acquisition method of accounting, the assets and liabilities of baker hughes will be recorded, as of the acquisition closing date, at their respective fair values and added to those of halliburton. our reported financial condition and results of operations issued after completion of the acquisition will reflect baker hughes balances and results after completion of the acquisition, but will not be restated retroactively to reflect the historical financial position or results of operations of baker hughes for periods prior to the acquisition. under the acquisition method of accounting, the total purchase price will be allocated to baker hughes's tangible assets and liabilities and identifiable intangible assets based on their fair values as of the acquisition closing date. the excess of the purchase price over those fair values will be recorded as goodwill.
we and baker hughes expect that the acquisition will result in the creation of goodwill based upon the application of the acquisition method of accounting. to the extent the value of goodwill or intangibles becomes impaired, the combined company may be required to incur material charges relating to such impairment. such a potential impairment charge could have a material adverse impact on the combined company's operating results.
the pendency of the baker hughes acquisition could adversely affect us.
in connection with the pending acquisition, some of our suppliers and customers may delay or defer sales and purchasing decisions, which could negatively impact revenues, earnings and cash flows regardless of whether the acquisition is completed. we have agreed in the merger agreement to refrain from taking certain actions with respect to our business and financial affairs during the pendency of the acquisition, which restrictions could be in place for an extended period of time if completion of the acquisition is delayed and could adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
the combined halliburton and baker hughes enterprise's indebtedness following the acquisition will be greater than halliburton's existing indebtedness. therefore, it may be more difficult for the combined enterprise to pay or refinance its debts or take other actions, and the combined enterprise may need to divert its cash flow from operations to debt service payments.
in connection with the acquisition, we will incur additional debt to pay the merger consideration and transaction expenses and the indebtedness of the combined enterprise will increase as a result of baker hughes's outstanding debt. halliburton's total liabilities as of december 31, 2014 were approximately $15.9 billion , including $7.8
billion of long-term debt. baker hughes's total liabilities as of december 31, 2014 were approximately $10.1
billion, including $3.9 billion of long-term debt. we currently expect to incur additional debt in connection with financing the cash portion of the merger consideration. see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about debt financing for the pending acquisition. the combined enterprise's debt service obligations with respect to this increased indebtedness could have an adverse impact on its earnings and cash flows, which after the acquisition would include the earnings and cash flows of baker hughes, for as long as the indebtedness is outstanding.
the combined enterprise's increased indebtedness could also have important consequences to holders of our common stock. for example, it could:
make it more difficult for the combined enterprise to pay or refinance its debts as they become due during
-  adverse economic and industry conditions because any decrease in revenues could cause the combined enterprise to not have sufficient cash flows from operations to make its scheduled debt payments;
limit the combined enterprise's flexibility to pursue other strategic opportunities or react to changes in
-  its business and the industry in which it operates and, consequently, place the combined enterprise at a competitive disadvantage to its competitors with less debt;
require a substantial portion of the combined enterprise's cash flows from operations to be used for debt
-  service payments, thereby reducing the availability of its cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividend payments and other general corporate purposes;
result in a downgrade in the rating of our indebtedness, which could limit our ability to borrow additional
-  funds and increase the interest rates applicable to our indebtedness (after the announcement of the acquisition, standard & poor's ratings services placed all of our ratings on negative watch, and all of baker hughes's ratings on negative watch);
-  result in higher interest expense in the event of increases in interest rates since some of our borrowings are, and will continue to be, at variable rates of interest; or
-  require the combined enterprise to repatriate foreign earnings to meet liquidity demands, resulting in a tax payment that may not be accrued for.
based upon current levels of operations, we expect the combined enterprise to be able to generate sufficient cash on a consolidated basis to make all of the principal and interest payments when such payments are due under our existing credit facilities, indentures and other instruments governing our outstanding indebtedness, and the indebtedness of baker hughes that
8
may remain outstanding after the acquisition, but there can be no assurance that the combined enterprise will be able to repay or refinance such borrowings and obligations.
following the baker hughes acquisition, the combined company may encounter difficulties in integrating halliburton's and baker hughes's businesses and realizing the anticipated benefits of the acquisition.
the acquisition involves the combination of two companies which currently operate as independent public companies.
the combined company will be required to devote management attention and resources to integrating its business practices and operations, and prior to the acquisition, management attention and resources will be required to plan for such integration. potential difficulties the combined company may encounter in the integration process include the following:
the inability to successfully integrate the respective businesses of the two companies in a manner that
-  permits the combined company to achieve the cost savings and operating synergies anticipated to result from the acquisition, which could result in the anticipated benefits of the acquisition not being realized partly or wholly in the time frame currently anticipated or at all;
lost sales and customers as a result of certain customers of either or both of the two companies deciding
-  not to do business with the combined company, or deciding to decrease their amount of business in order to reduce their reliance on a single company;
-  integrating personnel from the two companies while maintaining focus on providing consistent, high quality products and services;
-  potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen increased expenses, delays or regulatory conditions associated with the acquisition; and
-  performance shortfalls at one or both of the two companies as a result of the diversion of management's attention caused by completing the acquisition and integrating the companies' operations.
liabilities arising out of the macondo well incident could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition.
the semisubmersible drilling rig, deepwater horizon, sank on april 22, 2010 after an explosion and fire onboard the rig that began on april 20, 2010. the deepwater horizon was owned by transocean ltd. and had been drilling the macondo exploration well in mississippi canyon block 252 in the gulf of mexico for the lease operator, bp exploration and production, inc. (bp exploration), an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of bp p.l.c. (bp p.l.c., bp exploration, and their affiliates, collectively, bp). there were eleven fatalities and a number of injuries as a result of the macondo well incident. crude oil escaping from the macondo well site spread across thousands of square miles of the gulf of mexico and reached the united states gulf coast. we performed a variety of services for bp exploration, including cementing, mud logging, directional drilling, measurement-while-drilling, and rig data acquisition services.
numerous lawsuits relating to the macondo well incident were filed against us, bp, transocean and others in federal and state courts throughout the united states, most of which have been consolidated in a multi-district litigation
(mdl) proceeding, and additional lawsuits may be filed against us. in addition, the bureau of safety and environmental enforcement has issued a notification of incidents of noncompliance (incs) to us relating to the macondo well incident. we understand that regulations in effect at the time of the alleged violations provide for fines of up to $35,000 per day per violation.
our contract with bp relating to the macondo well generally provides for our indemnification by bp for certain claims and expenses relating to the macondo well incident. the mdl court has ruled that bp is required to indemnify us for third-party compensatory claims, or actual damages, that arise from pollution or contamination that did not originate from our property or equipment located above the surface of the land or water. the court also held, however, that bp does not owe us indemnity for punitive damages or for civil penalties under the clean water act
(cwa), if any.
in september 2014, we reached an agreement, subject to court approval, to settle a substantial portion of the plaintiffs' claims asserted against us relating to the macondo well incident (our mdl settlement). certain conditions must be satisfied before our mdl settlement becomes effective, and our mdl settlement does not cover all claims asserted against us in the mdl. subsequently in september 2014, the mdl court ruled (phase one ruling) that, among other things, (1) in relation to the macondo well incident, bp's conduct was reckless, transocean's conduct was negligent, and our conduct was negligent, (2) fault for the macondo blowout, explosion, and spill is apportioned 67% to bp, 30% to transocean, and 3% to us, and (3) the indemnity and release clauses in our contract with bp are valid and enforceable against bp. the mdl court did not find that our conduct was grossly negligent. in january 2015, the mdl court ruled that, giving effect to the amount of oil collected as a result of bp's cleanup efforts, a total of 3.19 million barrels of oil were discharged into the gulf of mexico for the purposes of determining the maximum penalty under the cwa. although we have not been charged with any violations under the cwa, bp has filed claims against us, which remain unresolved, for equitable contribution, indemnity and subrogation with respect to its liabilities under the oil pollution act of 1990 and cwa. under the cwa, civil penalties of up to
$1,100 per barrel of oil discharged (or $4,300 per barrel in the case of those found to have been grossly negligent) may be assessed against responsible parties.
9
for additional information relating to our mdl settlement, the status of the mdl and the incs, see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements.
as of december 31, 2014 , our existing loss contingency liability related to the macondo well incident was $805
million , consisting of a current portion of $367 million and a non-current portion of $439 million . the $805
million represents a $733 million loss contingency related to our mdl settlement as well as an additional loss contingency of $72 million unrelated to that settlement. our loss contingency liability does not include potential recoveries from our insurers or indemnification by bp.
because our mdl settlement is subject to court approval and other conditions and the phase one ruling and other rulings of the mdl court are subject to appeals, we are unable to predict the ultimate outcome of the many lawsuits, investigations, and other matters relating to the macondo well incident, including appeals of the phase one ruling, further orders and rulings of the mdl court and other courts, and indemnification and insurance arrangements. bp has filed a notice of appeal for the phase one ruling and the mdl court's denial of its motion to amend the court's findings, alter or amend the court's judgment, or for a new trial. in addition, certain insurance carriers have notified us that they do not intend to reimburse us for any amounts with respect to our mdl settlement, representing approximately $200 million of insurance coverage. we are unable to predict whether or when the court will approve our mdl settlement or whether or when the conditions of our mdl settlement will be satisfied.
as a result of the various potential developments relating to the macondo well incident, there are additional loss contingencies relating to the macondo well incident that are reasonably possible but for which we cannot make a reasonable estimate. accordingly, we may adjust our estimated loss contingency liability and our amounts recoverable from insurance in the future. in addition, applicable accounting rules and guidance may require us to recognize a loss contingency for which we may be fully indemnified, without recognizing a corresponding receivable for the amount of the indemnity payment. depending on the outcome of the various potential developments relating to the macondo well incident, liabilities arising out of the incident could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition.
our operations are subject to political and economic instability, risk of government actions, and cyber-attacks that could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition.
we are exposed to risks inherent in doing business in each of the countries in which we operate. our operations are subject to various risks unique to each country that could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. with respect to any particular country, these risks may include:
-  political and economic instability, including:
• civil unrest, acts of terrorism, force majeure, war, other armed conflict, and sanctions;
• inflation; and
• currency fluctuations, devaluations, and conversion restrictions; and
-  governmental actions that may:
• result in expropriation and nationalization of our assets in that country;
• result in confiscatory taxation or other adverse tax policies;
• limit or disrupt markets or our operations, restrict payments, or limit the movement of funds;
• result in the deprivation of contract rights; and
• result in the inability to obtain or retain licenses required for operation.
for example, due to the unsettled political conditions in many oil-producing countries, our operations, revenue, and profits are subject to the adverse consequences of war, the effects of terrorism, civil unrest, strikes, currency controls, and governmental actions. these and other risks described above could result in the loss of our personnel or assets, cause us to evacuate our personnel from certain countries, cause us to increase spending on security worldwide, disrupt financial and commercial markets, including the supply of and pricing for oil and natural gas, and generate greater political and economic instability in some of the geographic areas in which we operate. areas where we operate that have significant risk include, but are not limited to: the middle east, north africa, angola, azerbaijan, colombia, indonesia, kazakhstan, mexico, nigeria, russia, and venezuela. in addition, any possible reprisals as a consequence of military or other action, such as acts of terrorism in the united states or elsewhere, could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition.
our operations are becoming increasingly dependent on digital technologies and services. we use these technologies for internal purposes, including data storage, processing, and transmissions, as well as in our interactions with customers and suppliers. digital technologies are subject to the risk of cyber-attacks. if our systems for protecting against cybersecurity risks prove not to be sufficient, we could be adversely affected by, among other things: loss of or damage to intellectual property, proprietary or confidential information, or customer, supplier, or employee data; interruption of our business operations; and increased costs required to prevent, respond to, or mitigate cybersecurity attacks. these risks could harm our reputation and our relationships with customers, suppliers, employees, and other third parties, and may result in claims against us. in addition, these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition.
10
our operations outside the united states require us to comply with a number of united states and international regulations, violations of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition.
our operations outside the united states require us to comply with a number of united states and international regulations. for example, our operations in countries outside the united states are subject to the united states foreign corrupt practices act (fcpa), which prohibits united states companies and their agents and employees from providing anything of value to a foreign official for the purposes of influencing any act or decision of these individuals in their official capacity to help obtain or retain business, direct business to any person or corporate entity, or obtain any unfair advantage. our activities create the risk of unauthorized payments or offers of payments by our employees, agents, or joint venture partners that could be in violation of anti-corruption laws, even though these parties are not subject to our control. we have internal control policies and procedures and have implemented training and compliance programs for our employees and agents with respect to the fcpa. however, we cannot assure that our policies, procedures, and programs always will protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees or agents. allegations of violations of applicable anti-corruption laws may result in internal, independent, or government investigations. violations of anti-corruption laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, and we may be subject to other liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition.
in addition, the shipment of goods, services, and technology across international borders subjects us to extensive trade laws and regulations. our import activities are governed by the unique customs laws and regulations in each of the countries where we operate. moreover, many countries, including the united states, control the export and re-export of certain goods, services and technology and impose related export recordkeeping and reporting obligations. governments may also impose economic sanctions against certain countries, persons, and entities that may restrict or prohibit transactions involving such countries, persons and entities, which may limit or prevent our conduct of business in certain jurisdictions. during 2014, the united states and european union imposed sectoral sanctions directed at russia's oil and gas industry. among other things, these sanctions restrict the provision of goods, services, and technology in support of exploration or production for deep water, arctic offshore, or shale projects that have the potential to produce oil in russia. these sanctions resulted in our winding down and ending work on two projects in russia in 2014, and have prevented us from pursuing certain other projects in russia. any expansion of sanctions against russia's oil and gas industry could further hinder our ability to do business in russia, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations.
the laws and regulations concerning import activity, export recordkeeping and reporting, export control, and economic sanctions are complex and constantly changing. these laws and regulations can cause delays in shipments and unscheduled operational downtime. moreover, any failure to comply with applicable legal and regulatory trading obligations could result in criminal and civil penalties and sanctions, such as fines, imprisonment, debarment from governmental contracts, seizure of shipments and loss of import and export privileges. in addition, investigations by governmental authorities as well as legal, social, economic, and political issues in these countries could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. we are also subject to the risks that our employees, joint venture partners, and agents outside of the united states may fail to comply with other applicable laws.
changes in, compliance with, or our failure to comply with laws in the countries in which we conduct business may negatively impact our ability to provide services in, make sales of equipment to, and transfer personnel or equipment among some of those countries and could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated results of operations.
in the countries in which we conduct business, we are subject to multiple and, at times, inconsistent regulatory regimes, including those that govern our use of radioactive materials, explosives, and chemicals in the course of our operations. various national and international regulatory regimes govern the shipment of these items. many countries, but not all, impose special controls upon the export and import of radioactive materials, explosives, and chemicals. our ability to do business is subject to maintaining required licenses and complying with these multiple regulatory requirements applicable to these special products. in addition, the various laws governing import and export of both products and technology apply to a wide range of services and products we offer. in turn, this can affect our employment practices of hiring people of different nationalities because these laws may prohibit or limit access to some products or technology by employees of various nationalities. changes in, compliance with, or our failure to comply with these laws may negatively impact our ability to provide services in, make sales of equipment to, and transfer personnel or equipment among some of the countries in which we operate and could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated results of operations.
11
the adoption of any future federal, state, or local laws or implementing regulations imposing reporting obligations on, or limiting or banning, the hydraulic fracturing process could make it more difficult to complete natural gas and oil wells and could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition.
we are a leading provider of hydraulic fracturing services. various federal legislative and regulatory initiatives have been undertaken which could result in additional requirements or restrictions being imposed on hydraulic fracturing operations. for example, the department of interior has issued proposed regulations that would apply to hydraulic fracturing operations on wells that are subject to federal oil and gas leases and that would impose requirements regarding the disclosure of chemicals used in the hydraulic fracturing process as well as requirements to obtain certain federal approvals before proceeding with hydraulic fracturing at a well site. these regulations, if adopted, would establish additional levels of regulation at the federal level that could lead to operational delays and increased operating costs. at the same time, legislation and/or regulations have been adopted in several states that require additional disclosure regarding chemicals used in the hydraulic fracturing process but that generally include protections for proprietary information. legislation and/or regulations are being considered at the state and local level that could impose further chemical disclosure or other regulatory requirements (such as restrictions on the use of certain types of chemicals or prohibitions on hydraulic fracturing operations in certain areas) that could affect our operations. two states (new york and vermont) have banned or are in the process of banning the use of high volume hydraulic fracturing. local jurisdictions in some states have adopted ordinances that restrict or in certain cases prohibit the use of hydraulic fracturing for oil and gas development. in addition, governmental authorities in various foreign countries where we have provided or may provide hydraulic fracturing services have imposed or are considering imposing various restrictions or conditions that may affect hydraulic fracturing operations.
the adoption of any future federal, state, local, or foreign laws or implementing regulations imposing reporting obligations on, or limiting or banning, the hydraulic fracturing process could make it more difficult to complete natural gas and oil wells and could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition.
liability for cleanup costs, natural resource damages, and other damages arising as a result of environmental laws could be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition.
we are exposed to claims under environmental requirements and, from time to time, such claims have been made against us. in the united states, environmental requirements and regulations typically impose strict liability.
strict liability means that in some situations we could be exposed to liability for cleanup costs, natural resource damages, and other damages as a result of our conduct that was lawful at the time it occurred or the conduct of prior operators or other third parties. liability for damages arising as a result of environmental laws could be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition.
we are periodically notified of potential liabilities at federal and state superfund sites. these potential liabilities may arise from both historical halliburton operations and the historical operations of companies that we have acquired. our exposure at these sites may be materially impacted by unforeseen adverse developments both in the final remediation costs and with respect to the final allocation among the various parties involved at the sites. the relevant regulatory agency may bring suit against us for amounts in excess of what we have accrued and what we believe is our proportionate share of remediation costs at any superfund site. we also could be subject to third-party claims, including punitive damages, with respect to environmental matters for which we have been named as a potentially responsible party.
failure on our part to comply with, and the costs of compliance with, applicable health, safety, and environmental requirements could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition our business is subject to a variety of health, safety, and environmental laws, rules, and regulations in the united states and other countries, including those covering hazardous materials and requiring emission performance standards for facilities. for example, our well service operations routinely involve the handling of significant amounts of waste materials, some of which are classified as hazardous substances. we also store, transport, and use radioactive and explosive materials in certain of our operations. applicable regulatory requirements include, for example, those concerning:
-  the containment and disposal of hazardous substances, oilfield waste, and other waste materials;
-  the importation and use of radioactive materials;
-  the use of underground storage tanks;
-  the use of underground injection wells; and
-  the protection of worker safety both onshore and offshore.
these and other requirements generally are becoming increasingly strict. sanctions for failure to comply with the requirements, many of which may be applied retroactively, may include:
-  administrative, civil, and criminal penalties;
12
-  revocation of permits to conduct business; and
-  corrective action orders, including orders to investigate and/or clean up contamination.
failure on our part to comply with applicable environmental requirements could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. we are also exposed to costs arising from regulatory compliance, including compliance with changes in or expansion of applicable regulatory requirements, which could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition.
existing or future laws, regulations, treaties or international agreements related to greenhouse gases and climate change could have a negative impact on our business and may result in additional compliance obligations with respect to the release, capture, and use of carbon dioxide that could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition.
changes in environmental requirements related to greenhouse gases and climate change may negatively impact demand for our services. for example, oil and natural gas exploration and production may decline as a result of environmental requirements, including land use policies responsive to environmental concerns. state, national, and international governments and agencies have been evaluating climate-related legislation and other regulatory initiatives that would restrict emissions of greenhouse gases in areas in which we conduct business. because our business depends on the level of activity in the oil and natural gas industry, existing or future laws, regulations, treaties, or international agreements related to greenhouse gases and climate change, including incentives to conserve energy or use alternative energy sources, could have a negative impact on our business if such laws, regulations, treaties, or international agreements reduce demand for oil and natural gas. likewise, such restrictions may result in additional compliance obligations with respect to the release, capture, sequestration, and use of carbon dioxide that could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition.
trends in oil and natural gas prices affect the level of exploration, development, and production activity of our customers and the demand for our services and products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition.
demand for our services and products is particularly sensitive to the level of exploration, development, and production activity of, and the corresponding capital spending by, oil and natural gas companies, including national oil companies. the level of exploration, development, and production activity is directly affected by trends in oil and natural gas prices, which historically have been volatile and are likely to continue to be volatile.
prices for oil and natural gas are subject to large fluctuations in response to relatively minor changes in the supply of and demand for oil and natural gas, market uncertainty, and a variety of other economic factors that are beyond our control. crude oil prices declined significantly in the second half of 2014, and were negatively affected by a combination of factors, including weakening demand in europe and asia, increased production in the united states, and the decision in late november by the organization of petroleum exporting countries to keep production levels unchanged. additionally, stronger economic performance in the united states has led to a strengthening in the u.s. dollar relative to most other currencies, contributing further to the fall in the u.s.
dollar value of oil. downward pressure on commodity prices has continued in early 2015 and could continue for the foreseeable future. we anticipate 2015 will be a challenging year for us, as our customers continue to make downward revisions to their operating budgets. therefore, we expect a drop-off in activity coupled with pricing pressures, and corresponding reductions in revenue and operating margins in 2015. for more information, see
"management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - business environment and results of operations." any prolonged reduction in oil and natural gas prices will depress the immediate levels of exploration, development, and production activity which could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. additionally, a prolonged reduction in oil and natural gas prices may require us to record asset impairments, including an impairment of the carrying value of our goodwill. such a potential impairment charge could have a material adverse impact on our operating results. even the perception of longer-term lower oil and natural gas prices by oil and natural gas companies can similarly reduce or defer major expenditures given the long-term nature of many large-scale development projects.
factors affecting the prices of oil and natural gas include:
-  the level of supply and demand for oil and natural gas, especially demand for natural gas in the united states;
-  governmental regulations, including the policies of governments regarding the exploration for and production and development of their oil and natural gas reserves;
-  weather conditions and natural disasters;
-  worldwide political, military, and economic conditions;
-  the level of oil production by non-opec countries and the available excess production capacity within opec;
-  oil refining capacity and shifts in end-customer preferences toward fuel efficiency and the use of natural gas;
-  the cost of producing and delivering oil and natural gas; and
-  potential acceleration of the development of alternative fuels.
13
our business is dependent on capital spending by our customers, and reductions in capital spending could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition.
our business is directly affected by changes in capital expenditures by our customers, and reductions in their capital spending could reduce demand for our services and products and have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition. some of the items that may impact our customer's capital spending include:
-  oil and natural gas prices, including volatility of oil and natural gas prices and expectations regarding future prices;
-  the inability of our customers to access capital on economically advantageous terms;
-  the consolidation of our customers;
-  customer personnel changes; and
-  adverse developments in the business or operations of our customers, including write-downs of reserves and borrowing base reductions under customer credit facilities.
as a result of recent decreases in commodity prices, many of our customers have announced reduced capital spending budgets for 2015, and we expect that further reductions in commodity prices or prices remaining at current levels for a prolonged period of time may result in further capital budget reductions in the future.
our business could be materially and adversely affected by severe or unseasonable weather where we have operations.
our business could be materially and adversely affected by severe weather, particularly in the gulf of mexico, russia, and the north sea. some experts believe global climate change could increase the frequency and severity of extreme weather conditions. repercussions of severe or unseasonable weather conditions may include:
-  evacuation of personnel and curtailment of services;
-  weather-related damage to offshore drilling rigs resulting in suspension of operations;
-  weather-related damage to our facilities and project work sites;
-  inability to deliver materials to jobsites in accordance with contract schedules;
-  decreases in demand for natural gas during unseasonably warm winters; and
-  loss of productivity.
changes in or interpretation of tax law and currency/repatriation control could impact the determination of our income tax liabilities for a tax year.
we have operations in approximately 80 countries. consequently, we are subject to the jurisdiction of a significant number of taxing authorities. the income earned in these various jurisdictions is taxed on differing bases, including net income actually earned, net income deemed earned, and revenue-based tax withholding. the final determination of our income tax liabilities involves the interpretation of local tax laws, tax treaties, and related authorities in each jurisdiction, as well as the significant use of estimates and assumptions regarding the scope of future operations and results achieved and the timing and nature of income earned and expenditures incurred. changes in the operating environment, including changes in or interpretation of tax law and currency/repatriation controls, could impact the determination of our income tax liabilities for a tax year.
we are subject to foreign exchange risks and limitations on our ability to reinvest earnings from operations in one country to fund the capital needs of our operations in other countries or to repatriate assets from some countries.
a sizable portion of our consolidated revenue and consolidated operating expenses is in foreign currencies. as a result, we are subject to significant risks, including:
-  foreign currency exchange risks resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates and the implementation of exchange controls; and
-  limitations on our ability to reinvest earnings from operations in one country to fund the capital needs of our operations in other countries.
as an example, we conduct business in countries, such as venezuela, that have non-traded or "soft" currencies that, because of their restricted or limited trading markets, may be more difficult to exchange for "hard" currency. we may accumulate cash in soft currencies, and we may be limited in our ability to convert our profits into united states dollars or to repatriate the profits from those countries. in addition, we may accumulate cash in foreign jurisdictions that may be subject to taxation if repatriated to the united states. for further information, see
"management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - business environment and results of operations" and note 10 to the consolidated financial statements, "income taxes."
14
our failure to protect our proprietary information and any successful intellectual property challenges or infringement proceedings against us could materially and adversely affect our competitive position.
we rely on a variety of intellectual property rights that we use in our services and products. we may not be able to successfully preserve these intellectual property rights in the future, and these rights could be invalidated, circumvented, or challenged. in addition, the laws of some foreign countries in which our services and products may be sold do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the united states. our failure to protect our proprietary information and any successful intellectual property challenges or infringement proceedings against us could materially and adversely affect our competitive position.
if we are not able to design, develop, and produce commercially competitive products and to implement commercially competitive services in a timely manner in response to changes in the market, customer requirements, competitive pressures, and technology trends, our business and consolidated results of operations could be materially and adversely affected, and the value of our intellectual property may be reduced.
the market for our services and products is characterized by continual technological developments to provide better and more reliable performance and services. if we are not able to design, develop, and produce commercially competitive products and to implement commercially competitive services in a timely manner in response to changes in the market, customer requirements, competitive pressures, and technology trends, our business and consolidated results of operations could be materially and adversely affected, and the value of our intellectual property may be reduced. likewise, if our proprietary technologies, equipment, facilities, or work processes become obsolete, we may no longer be competitive, and our business and consolidated results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
if our customers delay paying or fail to pay a significant amount of our outstanding receivables, it could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition.
we depend on a limited number of significant customers. while none of these customers represented more than 10% of consolidated revenue in any period presented, the loss of one or more significant customers could have a material adverse effect on our business and our consolidated results of operations.
in most cases, we bill our customers for our services in arrears and are, therefore, subject to our customers delaying or failing to pay our invoices. in weak economic environments, we may experience increased delays and failures due to, among other reasons, a reduction in our customers' cash flow from operations and their access to the credit markets. if our customers delay paying or fail to pay us a significant amount of our outstanding receivables, it could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition.
our business in venezuela subjects us to actions by the venezuelan government, the risk of delayed payments, and currency risks, which could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition.
we believe there are risks associated with our operations in venezuela, including the possibility that the venezuelan government could assume control over our operations and assets. any delays in receiving payment on our receivables from our primary customer in venezuela or failure to pay us a significant amount of our outstanding receivables could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition.
the future results of our venezuelan operations will be affected by many factors, including our ability to take actions to mitigate the effect of a devaluation of the bolívar, the foreign currency exchange rate, actions of the venezuelan government, and general economic conditions such as continued inflation and future customer payments and spending. for further information, see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - business environment and results of operations - international operations - venezuela."
some of our customers require bids for contracts in the form of long-term, fixed pricing contracts that may require us to assume additional risks associated with cost over-runs, operating cost inflation, labor availability and productivity, supplier and contractor pricing and performance, and potential claims for liquidated damages.
some of our customers, primarily nocs, may require bids for contracts in the form of long-term, fixed pricing contracts that may require us to provide integrated project management services outside our normal discrete business to act as project managers as well as service providers, and may require us to assume additional risks associated with cost over-runs. these customers may provide us with inaccurate information in relation to their reserves, which is a subjective process that involves location and volume estimation, that may result in cost over-
runs, delays, and project losses. in addition, nocs often operate in countries with unsettled political conditions, war, civil unrest, or other types of community issues. these issues may also result in cost over-runs, delays, and project losses.
providing services on an integrated basis may also require us to assume additional risks associated with operating cost inflation, labor availability and productivity, supplier pricing and performance, and potential claims for liquidated damages. we rely on third-party subcontractors and equipment providers to assist us with the completion of these types of contracts. to the extent that we cannot engage subcontractors or acquire equipment or materials in a timely manner and on reasonable terms, our
15
ability to complete a project in accordance with stated deadlines or at a profit may be impaired. if the amount we are required to pay for these goods and services exceeds the amount we have estimated in bidding for fixed-price work, we could experience losses in the performance of these contracts. these delays and additional costs may be substantial, and we may be required to compensate our customers for these delays. this may reduce the profit to be realized or result in a loss on a project.
constraints in the supply of, prices for, and availability of transportation of raw materials can have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated results of operations.
raw materials essential to our business are normally readily available. high levels of demand for, or shortage of, raw materials, such as proppants, hydrochloric acid, and gels, including guar gum, can trigger constraints in the supply chain of those raw materials, particularly where we have a relationship with a single supplier for a particular resource. many of the raw materials essential to our business require the use of rail, storage, and trucking services to transport the materials to our jobsites. these services, particularly during times of high demand, may cause delays in the arrival of or otherwise constrain our supply of raw materials. these constraints could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated results of operations. in addition, price increases imposed by our vendors for raw materials used in our business and the inability to pass these increases through to our customers could have a material adverse effect on our business and consolidated results of operations.
our acquisitions, dispositions, and investments may not result in anticipated benefits and may present risks not originally contemplated, which may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition.
we continually seek opportunities to maximize efficiency and value through various transactions, including purchases or sales of assets, businesses, investments, or joint venture interests. these transactions are intended to (but may not) result in the realization of savings, the creation of efficiencies, the offering of new products or services, the generation of cash or income, or the reduction of risk. acquisition transactions may be financed by additional borrowings or by the issuance of our common stock. these transactions may also affect our liquidity, consolidated results of operations, and consolidated financial condition.
these transactions also involve risks, and we cannot ensure that:
-  any acquisitions would result in an increase in income or provide an adequate return of capital or other anticipated benefits;
-  any acquisitions would be successfully integrated into our operations and internal controls;
the due diligence conducted prior to an acquisition would uncover situations that could result in financial
-  or legal exposure, including under the fcpa, or that we will appropriately quantify the exposure from known risks;
-  any disposition would not result in decreased earnings, revenue, or cash flow;
-  use of cash for acquisitions would not adversely affect our cash available for capital expenditures and other uses;
-  any dispositions, investments, or acquisitions, including integration efforts, would not divert management resources; or
-  any dispositions, investments, or acquisitions would not have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, consolidated results of operations, or consolidated financial condition.
actions of and disputes with our joint venture partners could have a material adverse effect on the business and results of operations of our joint ventures and, in turn, our business and consolidated results of operations.
we conduct some operations through joint ventures, where control may be shared with unaffiliated third parties. as with any joint venture arrangement, differences in views among the joint venture participants may result in delayed decisions or in failures to agree on major issues. we also cannot control the actions of our joint venture partners, including any nonperformance, default, or bankruptcy of our joint venture partners. these factors could have a material adverse effect on the business and results of operations of our joint ventures and, in turn, our business and consolidated results of operations.
our ability to operate and our growth potential could be materially and adversely affected if we cannot employ and retain technical personnel at a competitive cost.
many of the services that we provide and the products that we sell are complex and highly engineered and often must perform or be performed in harsh conditions. we believe that our success depends upon our ability to employ and retain technical personnel with the ability to design, utilize, and enhance these services and products. in addition, our ability to expand our operations depends in part on our ability to increase our skilled labor force.
a significant increase in the wages paid by competing employers could result in a reduction of our skilled labor force, increases in the wage rates that we must pay, or both. if either of these events were to occur, our cost structure could increase, our margins could decrease, and any growth potential could be impaired.
16
the loss or unavailability of any of our executive officers or other key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we depend greatly on the efforts of our executive officers and other key employees to manage our operations. the loss or unavailability of any of our executive officers or other key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business.
item 1(b).
unresolved staff comments
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
information related to management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is included on pages 21 through 39 of this annual report.
item 7(a). quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk.
information related to market risk is included in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - financial instrument market risk" on page 38 of this annual report and note 14 to the consolidated financial statements on page 68 of this annual report.
