item 1a. risk factors.
the risks and uncertainties described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. you should read these risk factors in conjunction with "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in item 7 and our consolidated financial statements and related notes in item 8. there also may be other factors that we cannot anticipate or that are not described in this report generally because we do not currently perceive them to be material. those factors could cause results to differ materially from our expectations.
strong competition could adversely affect prices and demand for our products and services and could decrease our market share.
we operate in markets that are highly competitive. we compete principally based on customer service, price, store location and appearance, and quality, availability and assortment of merchandise. in each market we serve, there are a number of other home improvement stores, electrical, plumbing and building materials supply houses and lumber yards. with respect to some products and services, we also compete with specialty design stores, showrooms, discount stores, local, regional and national hardware stores, mail order firms, warehouse clubs, independent building supply stores and, to a lesser extent, other retailers, as well as with installers of home improvement products. in addition, we face growing competition from online and multichannel retailers, some of whom have a lower cost structure than ours, as our customers increasingly use computers, tablets, smart phones and other mobile devices to shop online and compare prices and products in real time. intense competitive pressures from one or more of our competitors or our inability to adapt effectively and quickly to a changing competitive landscape could affect our prices, our margins or demand for our products and services. if we are unable to timely and appropriately respond to these competitive pressures, including through maintenance of superior customer service and customer relationships, our market share and our financial performance could be adversely affected.
we may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer needs, expectations or trends, which could adversely affect our relationship with customers, our reputation, the demand for our products and services, and our market share.
the success of our business depends in part on our ability to identify and respond promptly to evolving trends in demographics; consumer preferences, expectations and needs; and unexpected weather conditions, while also managing appropriate inventory levels and maintaining high levels of customer service. it is difficult to successfully predict the products and services our customers will demand. as the housing and home improvement market continues to recover, resulting changes in demand will put further pressure on our ability to meet customer needs and expectations and maintain high service levels. in addition, each of our primary customer groups - diy, difm and professionals - have different needs and expectations. if we do not successfully differentiate the shopping experience to meet the individual needs and expectations of a customer group, we may lose market share with respect to those customers.
customer expectations about the methods by which they purchase and receive products or services are also evolving. customers are increasingly using technology and mobile devices to rapidly compare products and prices and to purchase products. once products are purchased, customers are seeking alternate options for delivery of those products. we must continually anticipate and adapt to these changes in the purchasing process. we have implemented programs like boss and bopis, and are piloting bodfs, but we cannot guarantee that these programs or others we may implement will be implemented successfully or will meet customers' needs and expectations. customers are also using social media to provide feedback and information about our company and products and services in a manner that can be quickly and broadly disseminated. to the extent a customer has a negative experience and shares it over social media, it may impact our brand and reputation.
7
further, we have an aging store base that requires maintenance and space reallocation initiatives to deliver the shopping environment that our customers desire. failure to maintain our stores and utilize our store space effectively, to provide a compelling online presence, to timely identify or respond to changing consumer preferences, expectations and home improvement needs and to differentiate the customer service experience for our three primary customer groups could adversely affect our relationship with customers, our reputation, the demand for our products and services, and our market share.
our success depends upon our ability to attract, train and retain highly qualified associates while also controlling our labor costs.
our customers expect a high level of customer service and product knowledge from our associates. to meet the needs and expectations of our customers, we must attract, train and retain a large number of highly qualified associates while at the same time controlling labor costs. our ability to control labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including prevailing wage rates and health and other insurance costs, as well as the impact of legislation or regulations governing labor relations, minimum wage, or healthcare benefits. in addition, we compete with other retail businesses for many of our associates in hourly positions, and we invest significant resources in training and motivating them to maintain a high level of job satisfaction. these positions have historically had high turnover rates, which can lead to increased training and retention costs, particularly if the economy continues to improve and employment opportunities increase. there is no assurance that we will be able to attract or retain highly qualified associates in the future.
we discovered a data breach in the third quarter of fiscal 2014 and are still in the process of determining the full extent of its impact and the impact of related government investigations and civil litigation on our results of operations, which could be material.
our recent data breach involved the theft of certain payment card information and customer email addresses through unauthorized access to our systems. as a result of the data breach, we are facing at least 57 civil lawsuits filed in the u.s. and canada, and other claims may be asserted on behalf of customers, payment card brands, payment card issuing banks, shareholders, or others seeking damages or other related relief, allegedly arising out of the data breach. we are also facing investigations by a number of state and federal agencies. our financial liability arising from these claims and investigations will depend on many factors, one of which is whether, at the time of the data breach, the portion of our network that handles payment card data was in compliance with applicable payment card industry standards. another factor is whether, and if so to what extent, any fraud losses or other expenses experienced by cardholders, the payment card networks or the card issuing banks on or with respect to the payment card accounts affected by the data breach can be properly attributed to the data breach and whether and to what extent those losses and expenses would in any event be our legal responsibility.
these claims and investigations may adversely affect how we operate our business, divert the attention of management from the operation of the business and result in additional costs and fines. in addition, the governmental agencies investigating the data breach may seek to impose injunctive relief, which could materially increase our data security costs, adversely impact how we operate our systems and collect and use customer information, and put us at a competitive disadvantage with other retailers.
investigations of the data breach are ongoing, and we are still in the process of assessing the financial and other impacts of the data breach. it is possible that we will identify additional information that was accessed or stolen, or other unforeseen developments related to the data breach could occur, which could have a further adverse impact on our operations, financial results and reputation.
if our efforts to maintain the privacy and security of customer, associate, supplier or company information are not successful, we could incur substantial additional costs, and become subject to further litigation, enforcement actions, and reputational damage.
our business, like that of most retailers, involves the receipt, storage and transmission of customers' personal information, consumer preferences and payment card information, as well as confidential information about our associates, our suppliers and our company, some of which is entrusted to third-party service providers and vendors. we also work with third-party service providers and vendors that provide technology, systems and services that we use in connection with the receipt, storage and transmission of this information. our information systems, and those of our third-party service providers and vendors, are vulnerable to an increasing threat of continually evolving cybersecurity risks. unauthorized parties may attempt to gain access to these systems or our information through fraud or other means of deceiving our associates, third-party service providers or vendors. hardware, software or applications we develop or obtain from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security. the methods used to
8
obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems are also constantly changing and evolving, and may be difficult to anticipate or detect for long periods of time. we have implemented and regularly review and update processes and procedures to protect against unauthorized access to or use of secured data and to prevent data loss. however, the ever-evolving threats mean we and our third-party service providers and vendors must continually evaluate and adapt our respective systems and processes, and there is no guarantee that they will be adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches or misuses of data. any future significant compromise or breach of our data security, whether external or internal, or misuse of customer, associate, supplier or company data, could result in additional significant costs, lost sales, fines and lawsuits, and damage to our reputation. in addition, as the regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and use, and privacy becomes increasingly rigorous, with new and constantly changing requirements applicable to our business, compliance with those requirements could also result in additional costs.
we are subject to payment-related risks that could increase our operating costs, expose us to fraud or theft, subject us to potential liability and potentially disrupt our business.
we accept payments using a variety of methods, including cash, checks, credit and debit cards, paypal, our private label credit cards and installment loan program, and gift cards, and we may offer new payment options over time. acceptance of these payment options subjects us to rules, regulations, contractual obligations and compliance requirements, including payment network rules and operating guidelines, data security standards and certification requirements, and rules governing electronic funds transfers. these requirements may change over time or be reinterpreted, making compliance more difficult or costly. the payment card industry has set october 1, 2015 as the date on which it will shift liability for certain transactions to retailers who are not able to accept emv chip card credit and debit transactions. to be able to accept all forms of emv card transactions by the target date, we are reliant on various third parties to establish the standard for such transactions, develop and test the required software, define the applicable certification standards, and certify compliance with those standards. the failure of these third parties to timely complete and deliver needed elements, or our failure to effectively and timely implement those elements once received, will impact our ability to be able to accept all types of emv card transactions by the target date, which could in turn result in increased costs associated with the liability shift. for certain payment methods, including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time and raise our operating costs. we rely on third parties to provide payment processing services, including the processing of credit cards, debit cards, and other forms of electronic payment. if these companies become unable to provide these services to us, or if their systems are compromised, it could potentially disrupt our business. the payment methods that we offer also subject us to potential fraud and theft by criminals, who are becoming increasingly more sophisticated, seeking to obtain unauthorized access to or exploit weaknesses that may exist in the payment systems, as reflected in our recent data breach. if we fail to comply with applicable rules or requirements for the payment methods we accept, or if payment-related data is compromised due to a breach or misuse of data, we may be liable for costs incurred by payment card issuing banks and other third parties or subject to fines and higher transaction fees, or our ability to accept or facilitate certain types of payments may be impaired. in addition, our customers could lose confidence in certain payment types, which may result in a shift to other payment types or potential changes to our payment systems that may result in higher costs. as a result, our business and operating results could be adversely affected.
uncertainty regarding economic conditions and other factors beyond our control could adversely affect demand for our products and services, our costs of doing business and our financial performance.
our financial performance depends significantly on the stability of the housing, residential construction and home improvement markets, as well as general economic conditions, including changes in gross domestic product. adverse conditions in or uncertainty about these markets or the economy could adversely impact consumer confidence, causing our customers to delay purchasing or determine not to purchase home improvement products and services. other factors beyond our control - including high levels of unemployment and foreclosures; interest rate fluctuations; fuel and other energy costs; labor and healthcare costs; the availability of financing; the state of the credit markets, including mortgages, home equity loans and consumer credit; weather; natural disasters and other conditions beyond our control - could further adversely affect demand for our products and services, our costs of doing business and our financial performance.
a failure of a key information technology system or process could adversely affect our business.
we rely extensively on information technology systems, some of which are managed or provided by third-party service providers, to analyze, process, manage and protect transactions and data. we also rely heavily on the integrity of, security of and consistent access to this data in managing our business. for these systems and processes to operate effectively, we or our service providers must periodically maintain and update them. our systems and the third-party systems we rely on are subject to damage or interruption from a number of causes, including power outages; computer and telecommunications failures;
9
computer viruses; security breaches; cyber-attacks; catastrophic events such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, or hurricanes; acts of war or terrorism; and design or usage errors by our associates, contractors or third-party service providers. although we and our third-party service providers seek to maintain our respective systems effectively and to successfully address the risk of compromise of the integrity, security and consistent operations of these systems, we may not be successful in doing so. as a result, we or our service providers could experience errors, interruptions, delays or cessations of service in key portions of our information technology infrastructure, which could significantly disrupt our operations and be costly, time consuming and resource-intensive to remedy.
disruptions in our customer-facing technology systems could impair our interconnected retail strategy and give rise to negative customer experiences.
through our information technology developments, we are able to provide an improved overall shopping environment and a multichannel experience that empowers our customers to shop and interact with us from computers, tablets, smart phones and other mobile devices. we use our website both as a sales channel for our products and also as a method of providing product, project and other relevant information to our customers to drive both in-store and online sales. we have multiple online communities and knowledge centers that allow us to inform, assist and interact with our customers. multichannel retailing is continually evolving and expanding, and we must effectively respond to changing customer expectations and new developments. disruptions, failures or other performance issues with these customer-facing technology systems could impair the benefits that they provide to our online and in-store business and negatively affect our relationship with our customers.
we rely on third-party suppliers. if we fail to identify and develop relationships with a sufficient number of qualified suppliers, or if our current suppliers experience financial difficulties, our ability to timely and efficiently access products that meet our high standards for quality could be adversely affected.
we buy our products from suppliers located throughout the world. our ability to continue to identify and develop relationships with qualified suppliers who can satisfy our high standards for quality and our need to access products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge. our ability to access products from our suppliers can be adversely affected by political instability, military conflict, the financial instability of suppliers (particularly in light of continuing economic difficulties in various regions of the world), suppliers' noncompliance with applicable laws, trade restrictions, tariffs, currency exchange rates, any disruptions in our suppliers' logistics or supply chain networks, and other factors beyond our or our suppliers' control.
disruptions in our supply chain and other factors affecting the distribution of our merchandise could adversely impact our business.
a disruption within our logistics or supply chain network could adversely affect our ability to deliver inventory in a timely manner, which could impair our ability to meet customer demand for products and result in lost sales, increased supply chain costs or damage to our reputation. such disruptions may result from damage or destruction to our distribution centers; weather-related events; natural disasters; trade restrictions; tariffs; third-party strikes, lock-outs, work stoppages or slowdowns; shipping capacity constraints; supply or shipping interruptions or costs; or other factors beyond our control. any such disruption could negatively impact our financial performance or financial condition.
if we are unable to effectively manage and expand our alliances and relationships with selected suppliers of both brand name and proprietary products, we may be unable to effectively execute our strategy to differentiate ourselves from our competitors.
as part of our focus on product differentiation, we have formed strategic alliances and exclusive relationships with selected suppliers to market products under a variety of well-recognized brand names. we have also developed relationships with selected suppliers to allow us to market proprietary products that are comparable to national brands. our proprietary products differentiate us from other retailers, generally carry higher margins than national brand products and represent a growing portion of our business. if we are unable to manage and expand these alliances and relationships or identify alternative sources for comparable brand name and proprietary products, we may not be able to effectively execute product differentiation, which may impact our sales and gross margin results.
our proprietary products subject us to certain increased risks.
as we expand our proprietary product offerings, we may become subject to increased risks due to our greater role in the design, manufacture, marketing and sale of those products, including greater responsibility to administer and comply with applicable regulatory requirements and increased potential product liability and product recall exposure. to effectively
10
execute on our product differentiation strategy, we must also be able to successfully protect our proprietary rights and successfully navigate and avoid claims related to the proprietary rights of third parties. in addition, an increase in sales of our proprietary products may adversely affect sales of our vendors' products, which, in turn, could adversely affect our relationships with certain of our vendors. any failure to appropriately address some or all of these risks could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
the implementation of our supply chain and technology initiatives could disrupt our operations in the near term, and these initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or might fail.
we have made, and we plan to continue to make, significant investments in our supply chain and technology. these initiatives are designed to streamline our operations to allow our associates to continue to provide high quality service to our customers, while simplifying customer interaction and providing our customers with a more interconnected retail experience. the cost and potential problems and interruptions associated with the implementation of these initiatives, including those associated with managing third-party service providers and employing new web-based tools and services, could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations in the near term. in addition, our improved supply chain and new or upgraded technology might not provide the anticipated benefits, it might take longer than expected to realize the anticipated benefits, or the initiatives might fail altogether, each of which could adversely impact our competitive position and our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
if we are unable to manage effectively our installation service business, we could suffer lost sales and be subject to fines, lawsuits and reputational damage.
we act as a general contractor to provide installation services to our difm customers through third-party installers. as such, we are subject to regulatory requirements and risks applicable to general contractors, which include management of licensing, permitting and quality of our third-party installers. we have established processes and procedures that provide protections beyond those required by law to manage these requirements and ensure customer satisfaction with the services provided by our third-party installers. if we fail to manage these processes effectively or to provide proper oversight of these services, we could suffer lost sales, fines and lawsuits, as well as damage to our reputation, which could adversely affect our business.
our costs of doing business could increase as a result of changes in, expanded enforcement of, or adoption of new federal, state or local laws and regulations.
we are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations that govern numerous aspects of our business. recently, there have been a large number of legislative and regulatory initiatives and reforms, as well as expanded enforcement of existing laws and regulations by federal, state and local agencies. changes in, expanded enforcement of, or adoption of new federal, state or local laws and regulations governing minimum wage or living wage requirements, other wage, labor or workplace regulations, cybersecurity and data privacy, the sale of some of our products, transportation, logistics, supply chain transparency, taxes, energy costs or environmental matters could increase our costs of doing business or impact our store operations. in addition, recent healthcare reform legislation could adversely impact our labor costs and our ability to negotiate favorable terms under our benefit plans for our associates.
if we cannot successfully manage the unique challenges presented by international markets, we may not be successful in our international operations and our sales and profit margins may be impacted.
our ability to successfully conduct retail operations in, and source products and materials from, international markets is affected by many of the same risks we face in our u.s. operations, as well as unique costs and difficulties of managing international operations. our international operations, including any expansion in international markets, may be adversely affected by local laws and customs, u.s. laws applicable to foreign operations and other legal and regulatory constraints, as well as political and economic conditions. risks inherent in international operations also include, among others, potential adverse tax consequences, greater difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights, risks associated with the foreign corrupt practices act and local anti-bribery law compliance, and challenges in our ability to identify and gain access to local suppliers. in addition, foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in those rates may adversely impact our sales and profit margins.
the inflation or deflation of commodity prices could affect our prices, demand for our products, our sales and our profit margins.
prices of certain commodity products, including lumber and other raw materials, are historically volatile and are subject to fluctuations arising from changes in domestic and international supply and demand, labor costs, competition, market
11
speculation, government regulations and periodic delays in delivery. rapid and significant changes in commodity prices may affect the demand for our products, our sales and our profit margins.
changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters could significantly affect our financial results or financial condition.
generally accepted accounting principles and related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations with regard to a wide range of matters that are relevant to our business, such as revenue recognition, asset impairment, impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets, inventories, lease obligations, self-insurance, tax matters and litigation, are highly complex and involve many subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments. changes in these rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments could significantly change our reported or expected financial performance or financial condition.
we are involved in a number of legal proceedings, and while we cannot predict the outcomes of those proceedings and other contingencies with certainty, some of these outcomes may adversely affect our operations or increase our costs.
in addition to the matters discussed above with respect to the data breach, we are involved in a number of legal proceedings, including government inquiries and investigations, and consumer, employment, tort and other litigation that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of business. litigation is inherently unpredictable, and the outcome of some of these proceedings and other contingencies could require us to take or refrain from taking actions which could adversely affect our operations or could result in excessive verdicts. additionally, defending against these lawsuits and proceedings may involve significant expense and diversion of management's attention and resources from other matters.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
executive summary and selected consolidated statements of earnings data for the fiscal year ended february 1, 2015 ("fiscal 2014"), we reported net earnings of $6.3 billion and diluted earnings per share of $4.71 compared to net earnings of $5.4 billion and diluted earnings per share of $3.76 for the fiscal year ended february 2, 2014 ("fiscal 2013"). the results for fiscal 2014 included $33 million of pretax net expenses related to a breach of our payment data systems (the "data breach"). the results for fiscal 2014 also included a $323 million pretax gain related to the sale of a portion of our equity ownership in hd supply holdings, inc. ("hd supply").
net sales increased 5.5% to $83.2 billion for fiscal 2014 from $78.8 billion for fiscal 2013. our total comparable store sales increased 5.3% in fiscal 2014, driven by a 3.5% increase in our comparable store customer transactions and a 1.8% increase in our comparable store average ticket. comparable store sales for our u.s. stores increased 6.1% in fiscal 2014.
data breach in the third quarter of fiscal 2014, we confirmed that our payment data systems were breached, which potentially impacted customers who used payment cards at self-checkout systems in our u.s. and canadian stores. our investigation to date has determined the intruder used a vendor's user name and password to enter the perimeter of our network. the intruder then acquired elevated rights that allowed it to navigate portions of our systems and to deploy unique, custom-built malware on our self-checkout systems to access payment card information of up to 56 million customers who shopped at our u.s. and canadian stores between april 2014 and september 2014. on september 18, 2014, we confirmed that the malware used in the data breach had been eliminated from our systems. there is no evidence that debit pin numbers were compromised or that the data breach impacted stores in mexico or customers who shopped online at homedepot.com or homedepot.ca. in addition, we announced on november 6, 2014 that separate files containing approximately 53 million email addresses were also taken during the data breach. these files did not contain passwords, payment card information or other sensitive personal information. the investigation of the data breach is ongoing, and we are supporting law enforcement efforts to identify the responsible parties.
in september 2014, we completed a major payment security project that provides enhanced encryption of payment card data at the point of sale in all of our u.s. stores, offering significant new protection for customers. the new security protection takes raw payment card information and scrambles it to make it unreadable to unauthorized users. we are also rolling out enhanced encryption to our canadian stores and emv chip-and-pin technology in our u.s. stores, which will add extra layers of payment card protection for customers who use emv enabled chip-and-pin cards. our canadian stores are already enabled with emv chip-and-pin technology.
expenses incurred in fiscal 2014, we recorded $63 million of pretax expenses related to the data breach, partially offset by $30 million of expected insurance proceeds for costs we believe are reimbursable and probable of recovery under our insurance coverage, for pretax net expenses of $33 million. these expenses are included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings for fiscal 2014. expenses include costs to investigate the data breach; provide identity protection services, including credit monitoring, to impacted customers; increase call center staffing; and pay legal and other professional services, all of which were expensed as incurred.
litigation, claims and government investigations in addition to the above expenses, we believe it is probable that the payment card networks will make claims against us. the ultimate amount of these claims will likely include amounts for incremental counterfeit fraud losses and non-ordinary course operating expenses (such as card reissuance costs) that the payment card networks assert they or their issuing banks have incurred. in order for us to have liability for such claims, we believe it would have to be determined, among other things, that (1) at the time of the data breach the portion of our network that handles payment card data was noncompliant with applicable data security standards, and (2) the alleged noncompliance caused at least some portion of the compromise of payment card data that occurred during the data breach. although an independent third-party assessor found the portion of our network that handles payment card data to be compliant with applicable data security standards in the fall of 2013, and the process of obtaining such certification for 2014 was ongoing at the time of the data breach, in march 2015 the forensic investigator working on behalf of the payment card networks alleged that we were not in compliance with certain of those standards at the time of the data breach. as a result, we believe it is probable that the payment card networks will make claims against us and that we will dispute those claims. when those claims are asserted, we will have to determine, based on the facts and information then available to us, whether to litigate or seek to settle those claims. at this time, we believe that settlement negotiations will ensue and that it is probable that we will incur a loss in connection with those claims. we cannot
18
reasonably estimate a range of losses because no claims have yet been asserted and because there are significant factual and legal issues to be resolved. we will continue to evaluate information as it becomes known and will record an estimate for losses at the time or times when it is both probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable. we believe that the ultimate amount paid on payment card network claims could be material to our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows in future periods.
in addition, at least 57 actions have been filed in courts in the u.s. and canada, and other claims may be asserted against us on behalf of customers, payment card brands, payment card issuing banks, shareholders or others seeking damages or other related relief, allegedly arising from the data breach. furthermore, several state and federal agencies, including state attorneys general, are investigating events related to the data breach, including how it occurred, its consequences and our responses. we are cooperating in the governmental investigations, and we may be subject to fines or other obligations. while a loss from these matters is reasonably possible, we are not able to estimate the costs, or range of costs, related to these matters because the proceedings remain in the early stages, alleged damages have not been specified, there is uncertainty as to the likelihood of a class or classes being certified or the ultimate size of any class if certified, and there are significant factual and legal issues to be resolved. we have not concluded that a loss from these matters is probable; therefore, we have not recorded an accrual for litigation, claims and governmental investigations related to these matters in fiscal 2014. we will continue to evaluate information as it becomes known and will record an estimate for losses at the time or times when it is both probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable. we believe that the ultimate amount paid on these actions, claims and investigations could be material to our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows in future periods.
future costs we expect to incur significant legal and other professional services expenses associated with the data breach in future periods. we will recognize these expenses as services are received. costs related to the data breach that may be incurred in future periods may also include liabilities to payment card networks for reimbursements of credit card fraud and card reissuance costs; liabilities related to our private label credit card fraud and card reissuance costs; liabilities from current and future civil litigation, governmental investigations and enforcement proceedings; future expenses for legal, investigative and consulting fees; and incremental expenses and capital investments for remediation activities. we believe that the ultimate amount paid on these services and claims could be material to our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows in future periods.
insurance coverage we maintained $100 million of network security and privacy liability insurance coverage in fiscal 2014, above a $7.5 million deductible, to limit our exposure to losses such as those related to the data breach. as of february 1, 2015, we had received an initial payment of $10 million of insurance reimbursements. in fiscal 2015, we entered into a new policy, with $100 million of network security and privacy liability insurance coverage, above a $10 million deductible, to limit our exposure to similar losses.
key initiatives in fiscal 2014, we continued to focus on the following key initiatives:
customer service - our customer service initiative is anchored on the principles of simplifying the business, creating an emotional connection with customers, putting customers first and taking care of our associates. in fiscal 2014, we completed the rollout of our second generation first phone, a handheld mobile customer service tool used by our store associates. the latest first phone generation provides a more intuitive smartphone interface, internet access to convert online sales in the aisle, integrated mobile checkout and greatly improved overall processing speed.
product authority - our product authority initiative is facilitated by our merchandising transformation and portfolio strategy, which is focused on delivering product innovation, assortment and value. in fiscal 2014, we continued to introduce a wide range of innovative new products to our professional, do-it-for-me and do-it-yourself customers, while remaining focused on offering everyday values in our stores and online. using our new merchandising assortment planning and pricing tools in fiscal 2014, we reviewed approximately one-third of the products offered in a typical store, allowing us to better match our assortments to local customer preferences, regulations and demographics. we also used these tools to help us make other focused merchandising decisions, including decisions regarding our markdown and clearance process.
19
disciplined capital allocation, productivity and efficiency - our approach to driving productivity and efficiency is advanced through continuous operational improvement in the stores and our supply chain, disciplined capital allocation and building shareholder value through higher returns on invested capital and total value returned to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases.
we repurchased a total of 80 million shares for $7.0 billion through accelerated share repurchase ("asr") agreements and the open market during fiscal 2014. in addition, in february 2015, our board of directors authorized a new $18.0 billion share repurchase program that replaces the previous authorization, and we announced a 26% increase in our quarterly cash dividend to $0.59 per share.
in january 2015, we acquired hd supply hardware solutions, known as crown bolt, a leading supplier of fasteners and builders hardware to retailers in the u.s. we expect this acquisition to further enhance our supply chain capabilities and product offerings in hardware.
in fiscal 2014, we opened six new stores in mexico, including one relocation, and opened one new store in canada, for a total store count of 2,269 at the end of fiscal 2014. as of the end of fiscal 2014, a total of 292 of our stores, or 12.9%, were located in canada and mexico.
we generated $8.2 billion of cash flow from operations in fiscal 2014. this cash flow, along with $2.0 billion of long-term debt issued in fiscal 2014 and cash on hand, was used to fund $7.0 billion of share repurchases, pay $2.5 billion of dividends, fund $1.4 billion in capital expenditures, and pay for the acquisition of hd supply hardware solutions.
our inventory turnover ratio was 4.7 times at the end of fiscal 2014 compared to 4.6 times at the end of fiscal 2013. our return on invested capital (computed on net operating profit after tax for the trailing twelve months and the average of beginning and ending long-term debt and equity) was 24.9% for fiscal 2014 compared to 20.9% for fiscal 2013.
interconnected retail - our focus on interconnected retail, which connects our other three key initiatives, is based on building a competitive and seamless platform across all commerce channels. in fiscal 2014, we continued to enhance our website and mobile experience, resulting in increased traffic to our websites, increased online sales conversion rates and an increase in the number of orders being picked up in our stores. almost 40% of our online orders are picked up in our stores through our buy online, pick-up in store ("bopis") and buy online, ship to store ("boss") programs. additionally, we improved navigation, enhanced search capabilities and expanded chat functionality across our online platforms. sales from our online channels increased 36.9% for fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013 and represented approximately 4.5% of our total net sales for fiscal 2014.
in fiscal 2014, we started a pilot for buy online, deliver from store ("bodfs"), which complements our existing bopis and boss interconnected retail programs. further, we opened two of three planned direct fulfillment centers in fiscal 2014 and plan to open the third direct fulfillment center in the second half of fiscal 2015. these highly automated facilities will support our online growth by providing a balance of cost efficiency and speed in shipping online orders to meet our customers' needs.
20
we believe the selected sales data, the percentage relationship between net sales and major categories in the consolidated statements of earnings and the percentage change in the dollar amounts of each of the items presented below are important in evaluating the performance of our business operations.
% of net sales                 % increase (decrease)in dollar amounts fiscal year(1)
2014                                                                            2013                2012             2014vs. 2013                  2013vs. 2012
net sales                                              100.0   %           100.0   %           100.0   %            5.5         %                 5.4         %
gross profit                                            34.8                34.8                34.6                5.7                           6.0
operating expenses:
selling, general and administrative                     20.2                21.1                22.1                1.4                           0.5
depreciation and amortization                            2.0                 2.1                 2.1                1.5                           3.8
total operating expenses                                22.2                23.1                24.2                1.4                           0.8
operating income                                        12.6                11.6                10.4               14.2                          18.0
interest and other (income) expense:
interest and investment income                          (0.4   )               -                   -                          n/m               (40.0         )
interest expense                                         1.0                 0.9                 0.8               16.7                          12.5
other                                                      -                   -                (0.1   )                      n/a              (100.0         )
interest and other, net                                  0.6                 0.9                 0.7              (29.5         )                28.3
earnings before provisionfor income taxes               12.0                10.7                 9.7               17.8                          17.3
provision for income taxes                               4.4                 3.9                 3.6               17.8                          14.7
net earnings                                             7.6   %             6.8   %             6.1   %           17.8         %                18.7         %
selected sales data number of customer transactions (in millions)(2)     1,441.6             1,390.6             1,364.0                3.7         %                 1.9         %
average ticket(2)                                     $57.87              $56.78              $54.89                1.9         %                 3.4         %
sales per square foot(2)                             $352.22             $334.35             $318.63                5.3         %                 4.9         %
comparable store sales increase (%)(3)                   5.3   %             6.8   %             4.6   %            n/a                           n/a online sales (% of net sales)(4)                         4.5   %             3.5   %             2.4   %           36.9         %                52.6         %
note: certain percentages may not sum to totals due to rounding.

(1)   fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012 refer to the fiscal years ended february 1, 2015, february 2, 2014 and february 3, 2013, respectively. fiscal years 2014 and 2013 include 52 weeks; fiscal year 2012 includes 53 weeks.
(2)   the 53rd week of fiscal 2012 increased customer transactions by approximately 21 million, positively impacted average ticket by approximately $0.06 and positively impacted sales per square foot by approximately $5.51.
(3)   includes net sales at locations open greater than 12 months, including relocated and remodeled stores and online sales, and excluding closed stores. retail stores become comparable on the monday following their 365th day of operation. comparable store sales is intended only as supplemental information and is not a substitute for net sales or net earnings presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. net sales for the 53rd week of fiscal 2012 are not included in comparable store sales results for fiscal 2012.
(4)   consists of net sales generated online through our home depot, home decorators collection and blinds.com websites for products delivered to customer locations or picked up in stores through our bopis and boss programs.
n/m - not meaningful n/a - not applicable
21
results of operations for an understanding of the significant factors that influenced our performance during the past three fiscal years, the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes to consolidated financial statements presented in this report.
fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013
net sales net sales for fiscal 2014 increased 5.5% to $83.2 billion from $78.8 billion for fiscal 2013. the increase in net sales for fiscal 2014 reflects the impact of positive comparable store sales driven by increased customer transactions and average ticket growth. total comparable store sales increased 5.3% for fiscal 2014 on top of an increase of 6.8% for fiscal 2013.
the positive comparable store sales for fiscal 2014 reflect a number of factors, including the execution of our key initiatives, continued strength in our maintenance and repair categories, and an improved u.s. home improvement market. all of our departments posted positive comparable store sales for fiscal 2014. comparable store sales for our tools, millwork, kitchen, bath, décor, plumbing, electrical, lighting and hardware product categories were above or at the company average for fiscal 2014. further, our comparable store customer transactions increased 3.5% for fiscal 2014 and comparable store average ticket increased 1.8% for fiscal 2014, due in part to strong sales in big ticket purchases, such as appliances and water heaters, and sales growth in our services business.
gross profit gross profit increased 5.7% to $29.0 billion for fiscal 2014 from $27.4 billion for fiscal 2013. gross profit as a percent of net sales, or gross profit margin, was 34.8% for both fiscal 2014 and 2013. gross profit margin for fiscal 2014 was similar to gross profit margin for fiscal 2013 due to benefits from changes in the mix of products sold and productivity in our supply chain, partially offset by higher shrink.
operating expenses selling, general and administrative expenses ("sg&a") increased 1.4% to $16.8 billion for fiscal 2014 from $16.6 billion for fiscal 2013. sg&a for fiscal 2014 included $63 million of pretax expenses related to the data breach, partially offset by a $30 million receivable for costs we believe are reimbursable and probable of recovery under our insurance coverage, for pretax net expenses of $33 million. as a percent of net sales, sg&a was 20.2% for fiscal 2014 compared to 21.1% for fiscal 2013. the decrease in sg&a as a percent of net sales for fiscal 2014 reflects expense leverage resulting from the positive comparable store sales environment and strong expense controls, partially offset by expenses related to the data breach.
depreciation and amortization increased 1.5% to $1.7 billion for fiscal 2014 from $1.6 billion for fiscal 2013. depreciation and amortization as a percent of net sales was 2.0% for fiscal 2014 compared to 2.1% for fiscal 2013. the decrease in depreciation and amortization as a percent of net sales for fiscal 2014 reflects expense leverage resulting from the positive comparable store sales environment.
operating income operating income increased 14.2% to $10.5 billion for fiscal 2014 from $9.2 billion for fiscal 2013. operating income as a percent of net sales was 12.6% for fiscal 2014 compared to 11.6% for fiscal 2013.
interest and other, net in fiscal 2014, we recognized $493 million of interest and other, net, compared to $699 million for fiscal 2013. interest and other, net, as a percent of net sales was 0.6% for fiscal 2014 compared to 0.9% for fiscal 2013. interest and other, net, for fiscal 2014 included a $323 million pretax gain related to the sale of a portion of our equity ownership in hd supply. this was partially offset by additional interest expense associated with $2.0 billion of long-term debt issued in june 2014.
provision for income taxes our combined effective income tax rate was 36.4% for both fiscal 2014 and 2013.
diluted earnings per share diluted earnings per share were $4.71 for fiscal 2014 compared to $3.76 for fiscal 2013. diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2014 reflect $0.15 of benefit from the gain related to the sale of a portion of our equity ownership in hd supply and a negative impact of $0.02 for expenses incurred in connection with the data breach.
22
fiscal 2013 compared to fiscal 2012
net sales fiscal 2013 consisted of 52 weeks compared to 53 weeks in fiscal 2012. net sales for fiscal 2013 increased 5.4% to $78.8 billion from $74.8 billion for fiscal 2012. the increase in net sales for fiscal 2013 reflects the impact of positive comparable store sales for fiscal 2013, partially offset by $1.2 billion of net sales attributable to the additional week in fiscal 2012. total comparable store sales increased 6.8% for fiscal 2013 on top of an increase of 4.6% for fiscal 2012.
the positive comparable store sales for fiscal 2013 reflect a number of factors, including the execution of our key initiatives, continued strength in our core categories and an improved u.s. housing market. all of our departments posted positive comparable store sales for fiscal 2013. comparable store sales for our kitchen, electrical, lumber, plumbing, lighting, bath and indoor garden product categories were above or at the company average for fiscal 2013. further, our comparable store customer transactions increased approximately 3.4% for fiscal 2013 and comparable store average ticket increased approximately 3.3% for fiscal 2013 due in part to strong sales in our appliance business and continued recovery in sales to our professional customers.
gross profit gross profit increased 6.0% to $27.4 billion for fiscal 2013 from $25.8 billion for fiscal 2012. gross profit for fiscal 2012 included a $10 million charge related to the closing of our remaining seven big box stores in china ("china store closings") in fiscal 2012. gross profit as a percent of net sales was 34.8% for fiscal 2013 compared to 34.6% for fiscal 2012, an increase of 18 basis points. the increase in gross profit margin in fiscal 2013 was driven primarily by businesses we acquired in fiscal 2012, which are gross margin accretive, higher productivity in our supply chain and improved shrink performance, partially offset by a change in the mix of products sold.
operating expenses sg&a increased 0.5% to $16.6 billion for fiscal 2013 from $16.5 billion for fiscal 2012. sg&a for fiscal 2012 included a $135 million charge related to the china store closings. as a percent of net sales, sg&a was 21.1% for fiscal 2013 compared to 22.1% for fiscal 2012. the decrease in sg&a as a percent of net sales for fiscal 2013 reflects expense leverage resulting from the positive comparable store sales environment and strong expense controls.
depreciation and amortization was $1.6 billion for both fiscal 2013 and 2012. depreciation and amortization as a percent of net sales was 2.1% for both fiscal 2013 and 2012.
operating income operating income increased 18.0% to $9.2 billion for fiscal 2013 from $7.8 billion for fiscal 2012. operating income as a percent of net sales was 11.6% for fiscal 2013 compared to 10.4% for fiscal 2012.
interest and other, net in fiscal 2013, we recognized $699 million of interest and other, net, compared to $545 million for fiscal 2012. interest and other, net, as a percent of net sales was 0.9% for fiscal 2013 compared to 0.7% for fiscal 2012. the increase in interest and other, net, as a percent of net sales for fiscal 2013 reflects increased interest expense associated with the issuance of $4.0 billion of incremental long-term debt in fiscal 2013. interest and other, net, for fiscal 2012 included a $67 million pretax benefit related to the termination of our guarantee of a senior secured loan of hd supply, inc.
provision for income taxes our combined effective income tax rate was 36.4% for fiscal 2013 compared to 37.2% for fiscal 2012. the effective income tax rate for fiscal 2012 was higher than fiscal 2013 as we were unable to realize any tax benefit from the $145 million charge related to the china store closings for fiscal 2012. excluding the charge related to the china store closings, our combined effective income tax rate was 36.5% for fiscal 2012.
diluted earnings per share diluted earnings per share were $3.76 for fiscal 2013 compared to $3.00 for fiscal 2012. the china store closings had a negative impact of $0.10 to diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2012. the 53rd week increased diluted earnings per share by approximately $0.07 for fiscal 2012.
23
liquidity and capital resources cash flow generated from operations provides us with a significant source of liquidity. for fiscal 2014, net cash provided by operating activities, excluding a $323 million gain on the sale of hd supply common stock, was $8.2 billion compared to $7.6 billion for fiscal 2013. this increase was primarily due to a $960 million increase in net earnings resulting from higher comparable store sales and expense leverage. the gain on the sale of a portion of our equity ownership in hd supply is classified as an investing activity in our consolidated statements of cash flows.
net cash used in investing activities for fiscal 2014 was $1.3 billion compared to $1.5 billion for fiscal 2013. this change was primarily due to the $323 million of proceeds from the sale of a portion of our equity ownership in hd supply in fiscal 2014, partially offset by $53 million more in capital expenditures and $40 million less in proceeds from sales of property and equipment in fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013.
net cash used in financing activities for fiscal 2014 was $7.1 billion compared to $6.7 billion for fiscal 2013. this change was primarily the result of $2.0 billion less of net proceeds from long-term borrowings, partially offset by $1.5 billion less in repurchases of common stock in fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013.
in fiscal 2014, we entered into asr agreements with third-party financial institutions to repurchase $2.7 billion of our common stock. under the agreements, we paid $2.7 billion to the financial institutions and received a total of 34 million shares in fiscal 2014. also in fiscal 2014, we repurchased 46 million additional shares of our common stock for $4.3 billion through the open market. since the inception of our initial share repurchase program in 2002, we have repurchased 1.2 billion shares of our common stock for a total of $53.1 billion as of the end of fiscal 2014. in february 2015, our board of directors authorized a new $18.0 billion share repurchase program that replaces the previous authorization.
in june 2014, we issued $1.0 billion of 2.00% senior notes due june 15, 2019 (the "2019 notes") at a discount of $4 million and $1.0 billion of 4.40% senior notes due march 15, 2045 (the "2045 notes") at a discount of $15 million (together, the "june 2014 issuance"). interest on the 2019 notes is due semi-annually on june 15 and december 15 of each year, beginning december 15, 2014. interest on the 2045 notes is due semi-annually on march 15 and september 15 of each year, beginning september 15, 2014. the net proceeds of the june 2014 issuance were used for general corporate purposes, including repurchases of shares of our common stock.
in september 2013, we issued $1.15 billion of 2.25% senior notes due september 10, 2018 (the "2018 notes") at a discount of $1 million, $1.1 billion of 3.75% senior notes due february 15, 2024 (the "2024 notes") at a discount of $6 million and $1.0 billion of 4.875% senior notes due february 15, 2044 (the "2044 notes") at a discount of $15 million (together, the "september 2013 issuance"). interest on the 2018 notes is due semi-annually on march 10 and september 10 of each year, beginning march 10, 2014. interest on the 2024 notes and the 2044 notes is due semi-annually on february 15 and august 15 of each year, beginning february 15, 2014. the net proceeds of the september 2013 issuance were used for general corporate purposes, including repayment of our $1.25 billion 5.25% senior notes that matured december 16, 2013 and repurchases of shares of our common stock.
in april 2013, we issued $1.0 billion of 2.70% senior notes due april 1, 2023 at a discount of $2 million and $1.0 billion of 4.20% senior notes due april 1, 2043 at a discount of $4 million (together, the "april 2013 issuance"). interest on these notes is due semi-annually on april 1 and october 1 of each year, beginning october 1, 2013. the net proceeds of the april 2013 issuance were used for general corporate purposes, including repurchases of shares of our common stock.
in november 2013, we entered into an interest rate swap that expires on september 10, 2018, with a notional amount of $500 million, accounted for as a fair value hedge, that swaps fixed rate interest on the 2018 notes for variable interest equal to libor plus 88 basis points. at february 1, 2015, the approximate fair value of this agreement was an asset of $8 million, which is the estimated amount we would have received to settle the agreement and is included in other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
also in november 2013, we entered into an interest rate swap that expires on september 15, 2020, with a notional amount of $500 million, accounted for as a fair value hedge, that swaps fixed rate interest on our 3.95% senior notes due september 15, 2020 for variable interest equal to libor plus 183 basis points. at february 1, 2015, the approximate fair value of this agreement was an asset of $25 million, which is the estimated amount we would have received to settle the agreement and is included in other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
at february 1, 2015, we had an outstanding interest rate swap that expires on march 1, 2016, with a notional amount of $500 million, accounted for as a fair value hedge, that swaps fixed rate interest on our 5.40% senior notes due march 1, 2016 for
24
variable interest equal to libor plus 300 basis points. at february 1, 2015, the approximate fair value of this agreement was an asset of $19 million, which is the estimated amount we would have received to settle the agreement and is included in other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
we have commercial paper programs that allow for borrowings up to $2.0 billion. in connection with the programs, we have a back-up credit facility with a consortium of banks for borrowings up to $2.0 billion. in december 2014, we replaced our back-up credit facility, which was scheduled to expire in july 2017, with a new, substantially identical $2.0 billion credit facility. the new credit facility expires in december 2019 and contains various restrictive covenants. at february 1, 2015, we were in compliance with all of the covenants, and they are not expected to impact our liquidity or capital resources. at february 1, 2015, there were $290 million of borrowings outstanding under the commercial paper programs and no borrowings outstanding under the related credit facility. see note 4 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our commercial paper programs and related credit facility.
we use capital and operating leases to finance a portion of our real estate, including our stores, distribution centers and store support centers. the net present value of capital lease obligations is reflected in our consolidated balance sheets in long-term debt and current installments of long-term debt. in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, the operating leases are not reflected in our consolidated balance sheets.
in connection with the sale of hd supply, inc. on august 30, 2007, we guaranteed a $1.0 billion senior secured amortizing term loan of hd supply, inc. the original expiration date of the guarantee was august 30, 2012. in march 2010, we amended the guarantee to extend the expiration date to april 1, 2014. the fair value of the guarantee at august 30, 2007 was $16 million and was recorded as a liability in other long-term liabilities. the extension of the guarantee increased the fair value of the guarantee to $67 million, resulting in a $51 million charge to interest and other, net, for fiscal 2010. in april 2012, the term loan guarantee was terminated. as a result, we reversed the $67 million liability related to the guarantee, resulting in a $67 million pretax benefit to interest and other, net, for fiscal 2012.
as of february 1, 2015, we had $1.7 billion in cash and cash equivalents. we believe that our current cash position, access to the long-term debt capital markets and cash flow generated from operations should be sufficient not only for our operating requirements but also to enable us to complete our capital expenditure programs and fund dividend payments, share repurchases, obligations incurred as a result of the data breach and any required long-term debt payments through the next several fiscal years. in addition, we have funds available from our commercial paper programs and the ability to obtain alternative sources of financing.
in march 2015, we entered into an asr agreement with a third-party financial institution to repurchase $850 million of our common stock. under the agreement, we paid $850 million to the financial institution and received an initial delivery of approximately 7 million shares in the first quarter of fiscal 2015. the final number of shares delivered upon settlement of the agreement will be determined with reference to the average price of our common stock over the term of the asr agreement.
off-balance sheet arrangements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, operating leases for a portion of our real estate and other assets are not reflected in our consolidated balance sheets.
25
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our significant contractual obligations as of february 1, 2015 (amounts in millions):
payments due by fiscal year contractual obligations                total                2015             2016-2017             2018-2019            thereafter total debt(1)                    $16,543                $292              $3,001                $2,150               $11,100
interest payments on debt(2)      11,603                 717               1,231                 1,127                 8,528
capital lease obligations(3)       1,410                 113                 219                   198         880
operating leases                   7,705                 893               1,554                 1,199                 4,059
purchase obligations(4)            1,203               1,020                 116                    67                     -
unrecognized tax benefits(5)         270                 270                   -                     -                     -
total                            $38,734              $3,305              $6,121                $4,741               $24,567

(1)   excludes present value of capital lease obligations, fair value of interest rate swaps and unamortized debt discounts.
(2)   interest payments are at current interest rates including the impact of active interest rate swaps.
(3)   includes $726 million of imputed interest.
(4)   purchase obligations include all legally binding contracts such as firm commitments for inventory purchases, utility purchases, capital expenditures, software acquisitions and license commitments and legally binding service contracts. purchase orders that are not binding agreements are excluded from the table above.
(5)   excludes $495 million of noncurrent unrecognized tax benefits due to uncertainty regarding the timing of future cash payments.
quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk our exposure to market risk results primarily from fluctuations in interest rates. interest rate swap agreements are used, at times, to manage our fixed/floating rate debt portfolio. at february 1, 2015, after giving consideration to our interest rate swap agreements, approximately 90% of our debt portfolio was comprised of fixed-rate debt and 10% was floating-rate debt. a 1.0 percentage point change in the interest costs of floating-rate debt would not have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations.
as of february 1, 2015 we had, net of discounts, $16.2 billion of senior notes outstanding. the aggregate market value of these publicly traded senior notes as of february 1, 2015 was approximately $19.0 billion.
we are exposed to risks from foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on the translation of our foreign operations into u.s. dollars and on the purchase of goods by these foreign operations that are not denominated in their local currencies. revenues from these foreign operations accounted for approximately $8.5 billion of our revenue in both fiscal 2014 and 2013. our exposure to foreign currency rate fluctuations is not significant to our financial condition or results of operations.
impact of inflation, deflation and changing prices we have experienced inflation and deflation related to our purchase of certain commodity products. we do not believe that changing prices for commodities have had a material effect on our net sales or results of operations. although we cannot precisely determine the overall effect of inflation and deflation on operations, we do not believe inflation and deflation have had a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
critical accounting policies our significant accounting policies are disclosed in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. the following discussion addresses our most critical accounting policies, which are those that are both important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and that require significant judgment or use of significant assumptions or complex estimates.
revenues we recognize revenue, net of estimated returns and sales tax, at the time the customer takes possession of merchandise or receives services. we estimate the liability for sales returns based on our historical return levels. we believe that our estimate for sales returns is an accurate reflection of future returns. we have never recorded a significant adjustment to our estimated liability for sales returns. however, if these estimates are significantly below the actual amounts, our sales could be adversely
26
impacted. when we receive payment from customers before the customer has taken possession of the merchandise or the service has been performed, the amount received is recorded as deferred revenue in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets until the sale or service is complete. we also record deferred revenue for the sale of gift cards and recognize this revenue upon the redemption of gift cards in net sales.
merchandise inventories our merchandise inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or market, with approximately 74% valued under the retail inventory method and the remainder under a cost method. retailers like us, with many different types of merchandise at low unit cost and a large number of transactions, frequently use the retail inventory method. under the retail inventory method, merchandise inventories are stated at cost, which is determined by applying a cost-to-retail ratio to the ending retail value of inventories. as our inventory retail value is adjusted regularly to reflect market conditions, our inventory valued under the retail method approximates the lower of cost or market. we evaluate our inventory valued under a cost method at the end of each quarter to ensure that it is carried at the lower of cost or market. the valuation allowance for merchandise inventories valued under a cost method was not material to our consolidated financial statements as of the end of fiscal 2014 or 2013.
independent physical inventory counts or cycle counts are taken on a regular basis in each store and distribution center to ensure that amounts reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for merchandise inventories are properly stated. during the period between physical inventory counts in our stores, we accrue for estimated losses related to shrink on a store-by-store basis. shrink (or in the case of excess inventory, "swell") is the difference between the recorded amount of inventory and the physical inventory. shrink may occur due to theft, loss, inaccurate records for the receipt of inventory or deterioration of goods, among other things. we estimate shrink as a percent of net sales using the average shrink results from the previous two physical inventories. the estimates are evaluated quarterly and adjusted based on recent shrink results and current trends in the business. actual shrink results did not vary materially from estimated amounts for fiscal 2014, 2013 or 2012.
self-insurance we have established liabilities for certain losses related to general liability (including product liability), workers' compensation, employee group medical and automobile claims for which we are self-insured. our self-insured retention or deductible, as applicable, for each claim involving general liability, workers' compensation and automobile liability is limited to $25 million, $1 million and $1 million, respectively. we do not have any stop loss limits for self-insured employee group medical claims. our liabilities represent estimates of the ultimate cost for claims incurred as of the balance sheet date. the estimated liabilities are not discounted and are established based upon analysis of historical data and actuarial estimates. the liabilities are reviewed by management and third-party actuaries on a regular basis to ensure that they are appropriate. while we believe these estimates are reasonable based on the information currently available, if actual trends, including the severity or frequency of claims, medical cost inflation or fluctuations in premiums, differ from our estimates, our results of operations could be impacted. actual results related to these types of claims did not vary materially from estimated amounts for fiscal 2014, 2013 or 2012. we maintain network security and privacy liability insurance coverage to limit our exposure to losses such as those that may be caused by a significant compromise or breach of our data security. this coverage is discussed further in note 13 to our consolidated financial statements.
vendor allowances vendor allowances primarily consist of volume rebates that are earned as a result of attaining certain purchase levels and advertising co-op allowances for the promotion of vendors' products that are typically based on guaranteed minimum amounts with additional amounts being earned for attaining certain purchase levels. these vendor allowances are accrued as earned, with those allowances received as a result of attaining certain purchase levels accrued over the incentive period based on estimates of purchases. we believe that our estimate of vendor allowances earned based on expected volume of purchases over the incentive period is an accurate reflection of the ultimate allowance to be received from our vendors.
volume rebates and certain advertising co-op allowances earned are initially recorded as a reduction in merchandise inventories and a subsequent reduction in cost of sales when the related product is sold. certain advertising co-op allowances that are reimbursements of specific, incremental and identifiable costs incurred to promote vendors' products are recorded as an offset against advertising expense in sg&a.
impairment of long-lived assets we evaluate our long-lived assets each quarter for indicators of potential impairment. indicators of impairment include current period losses combined with a history of losses, management's decision to relocate or close a store or other location
27
before the end of its previously estimated useful life or when changes in other circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. the evaluation for long-lived assets is performed at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows, which is generally the individual store level.
the assets of a store with indicators of impairment are evaluated by comparing its undiscounted cash flows with its carrying value. the estimate of cash flows includes management's assumptions of cash inflows and outflows directly resulting from the use of those assets in operations, including gross margin on net sales, payroll and related items, occupancy costs, insurance allocations and other costs to operate a store. if the carrying value is greater than the undiscounted cash flows, an impairment loss is recognized for the difference between the carrying value and the estimated fair market value. impairment losses are recorded as a component of sg&a in the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings. when a leased location closes, we also recognize in sg&a the net present value of future lease obligations less estimated sublease income.
we make critical assumptions and estimates in completing impairment assessments of long-lived assets. our cash flow projections look several years into the future and include assumptions on variables such as future sales and operating margin growth rates, economic conditions, market competition and inflation. a 10% decrease in the estimated undiscounted cash flows for the stores with indicators of impairment would not have a material impact on our results of operations. our estimates of fair market value are generally based on market appraisals of owned locations and estimates on the amount of potential sublease income and the time required to sublease for leased locations. a 10% decrease in estimated sublease income and a 10% increase in the time required to sublease would not have a material impact on our results of operations. we recorded impairments and lease obligation costs on closings and relocations in the ordinary course of business, as well as for the china store closings in fiscal 2012, which were not material to the consolidated financial statements in fiscal 2014, 2013 or 2012.
goodwill and other intangible assets goodwill represents the excess of purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired. we do not amortize goodwill but do assess the recoverability of goodwill in the third quarter of each fiscal year, or more often if indicators warrant, by determining whether the fair value of each reporting unit supports its carrying value. each year we may assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of each reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to complete quantitative impairment assessments, with a quantitative assessment completed at least once every three years. our most recent quantitative assessment was completed in fiscal 2013.
in fiscal 2014, we completed our annual assessment of the recoverability of goodwill for our u.s., canada and mexico reporting units. we performed qualitative assessments, concluding that the fair value of our reporting units was not more likely than not less than the carrying value. in fiscal 2012, we recorded a charge of $97 million to impair all of the goodwill associated with our former china reporting unit. there were no impairment charges related to our remaining goodwill for fiscal 2014, 2013 or 2012.
we amortize the cost of other intangible assets over their estimated useful lives, which range up to ten years, unless such lives are deemed indefinite. intangible assets with indefinite lives are tested in the third quarter of each fiscal year for impairment, or more often if indicators warrant. there were no impairment charges related to our other intangible assets for fiscal 2014, 2013 or 2012.
recent accounting pronouncements in may 2014, the financial accounting standards board issued accounting standards update no. 2014-09, "revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606)" ("asu no. 2014-09"), which requires an entity to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which it expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. asu no. 2014-09 supersedes most existing revenue recognition guidance in u.s. gaap. this guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2016, including interim periods within that reporting period, and early application is not permitted. the guidance permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. the company is evaluating the effect that asu no. 2014-09 will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
