item 1a. risk factors an investment in our common stock or debt securities involves risks and uncertainties. we seek to identify, manage, and mitigate risks to our business, but risk and uncertainty cannot be eliminated or necessarily predicted. you should consider the following factors carefully, in addition to the other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k, before deciding to purchase our securities.
risks related to our business we depend heavily on a single customer, the u.s. government, for substantially all of our business, and changes affecting this customer's priorities and spending could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
our business consists primarily of the design, construction, repair, and maintenance of nuclear-powered ships, such as aircraft carriers and submarines, and non-nuclear ships, such as surface combatants and expeditionary warfare and amphibious assault ships, for the u.s. navy and coastal defense surface ships for the u.s. coast guard, as well as the refueling and overhaul and inactivation of nuclear-powered ships for the u.s. navy. most of our revenues in 2014 were derived from products and services ultimately sold to the u.s. government, and we expect this to continue in the foreseeable future. in addition, most of our backlog was u.s. government related as of december 31, 2014. our u.s. government contracts are subject to various risks, including our customers' political and budgetary constraints and processes, changes in customers' short-range and long-range strategic plans, the timing of contract awards, significant changes in contract scheduling, intense contract and funding competition, difficulty in forecasting costs and schedules for bids on developmental and highly sophisticated technical work, delays in the timing of contract approval, and contractor suspension or debarment in the event of certain violations of legal or regulatory requirements. any of these factors could affect our ability to do business with the u.s. government, which would have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
significant delays or reductions in appropriations for our programs, changes in customer priorities, and potential contract terminations could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
we are directly dependent upon congressional allocation of defense funds to the u.s. navy and the u.s. coast guard. the funding of u.s. government programs is subject to congressional budget authorization and appropriation processes. for certain programs, congress appropriates funds on a fiscal year basis even though a program may be performed over several fiscal years. consequently, programs are often partially funded initially and may receive additional funding only as congress makes further appropriations. if we incur costs in excess of existing funding on a contract, we may be at risk for reimbursement of those costs unless and until additional funds are appropriated. we cannot predict the extent to which total funding or funding for individual programs will be included, increased or reduced as part of the annual budget process, in continuing resolutions, or in individual supplemental appropriations.
the impact of congressional actions to reduce the federal debt and resulting pressures on federal spending could adversely affect the total funding of individual ships or funding for individual programs and delay purchasing or payment decisions by our customers. in august 2011, the budget control act (the "bca") reduced the dod top-line budget by $487 billion from fiscal year 2012 through 2021, representing approximately 8% of planned defense spending. additionally, because congress did not identify savings to reduce the u.s. deficit by up to $1.2 trillion prior to march 1, 2013, budgetary sequestration was implemented under the bca. sequestration requires an additional reduction from fiscal year 2012 through 2021 of $500 billion for defense spending, representing approximately 9% of planned defense spending, and $500 billion for non-defense discretionary spending, including the u.s. coast guard.
on december 26, 2013, the president signed into law the bipartisan budget act of 2013 (the "bipartisan budget act"), which provided $63 billion in sequestration relief over two years, split evenly between defense and non-defense programs, and set overall discretionary spending at $1.012 trillion for fiscal year 2014 and $1.013 trillion for fiscal year 2015. sequestration remains in effect under the bca for fiscal years 2016 through 2021. enactment of the bipartisan budget act enabled the house and senate appropriations committees to agree upon appropriations levels across the 12 appropriations subcommittees, including defense appropriations and homeland security, and to subsequently pass the consolidated and further continuing appropriations act for fiscal year 2015 (the "fy
11
2015 act"). however, the homeland security department, including the u.s. coast guard, remains under a fiscal year 2014 continuing resolution until february 27, 2015, in order to support consideration by the 114th congress of fiscal year 2015 funding levels regarding immigration activities.
the fy 2015 act specifically provided funding for procurement of cvn-79 john f. kennedy, construction of two ssn-774 virginia-class submarines, advance procurement for the cvn-73 uss george washington rcoh, continuation of ddg-51 arleigh burke-class destroyer production, and advance procurement for lha-7 tripoli. the fy 2015 act also provided $1 billion for the procurement of an additional lpd-17 san antonio-class ship and research, development, test, and evaluation ("rdt&e") funding for the ohio replacement program.
while the bipartisan budget act eliminated the implementation of sequestration reductions for fiscal years 2014 and 2015, significant uncertainty exists regarding the specific effects of sequestration in fiscal years 2016 through 2021, and related funding reductions that could result in the cancellation of or decreased funding for our existing programs and/or a lack of funding for future programs.
the fiscal year 2016 president's budget request was delivered in early february 2015. the ability of congress to pass a fiscal year 2015 appropriations bill for the homeland security department, as well as the impact of the continuing federal fiscal debates for fiscal year 2016 and beyond remains uncertain, and we cannot predict the impact that the sequestration cuts, other defense spending cuts, or the prospective lack of a fiscal year 2015 homeland security appropriations bill may have on funding for our individual programs. long-term funding for certain programs in which we participate may be reduced, delayed, or canceled. in addition, defense spending cuts and delays could adversely affect the viability of our suppliers and subcontractors and employee base. our contracts or subcontracts under programs in which we participate may be terminated or adjusted by the u.s. government or the prime contractor as a result of lack of government funding or reductions or delays in government funding, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
the budget environment, including sequestration as currently mandated, remains a significant long-term risk. considerable uncertainty exists regarding how future budget and program decisions will develop and what challenges budget reductions will present for the defense industry. we believe continued budget pressures will have serious negative consequences for the security of our country, the defense industrial base, including us, and the customers, employees, suppliers, subcontractors, investors, and communities that rely on companies in the defense industrial base. although it is difficult to determine specific impacts, we expect that over the longer term, the budget environment may result in lower contract awards, revenues, profits and cash flows from our u.s. government contracts. congress continues to discuss various options to address sequestration in future budget planning, but we cannot predict the outcome of these efforts. it is likely budget and program decisions made in this environment will have long-term impacts on us and the entire defense industry.
demand for our products and services can also be affected by potential changes in customer priorities due to changes in military strategy and planning. we cannot predict the impact of such changes on existing, follow-on, replacement, or future programs. a shift of government priorities to programs in which we do not participate and/or reductions in funding for or the termination of programs in which we do participate could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
the u.s. government generally has the ability to terminate contracts, in whole or in part, with little to no prior notice, for convenience or for default based on performance. in the event of termination for the u.s. government's convenience, contractors are normally protected by provisions covering reimbursement of costs already incurred on the contracts and profit on those costs up to the amount authorized under the contract, but not for the anticipated profit that would have been earned had the contract been completed. such a termination could also result in the cancellation of future work on the related program. termination resulting from our default can expose us to various liabilities, including excess re-procurement costs, and could negatively affect our ability to compete for future contracts. any contract termination could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
cost growth on fixed price and other contracts that cannot be justified as increases in contract value due from customers exposes us to reduced profitability and to the potential loss of future business.
our operating income is adversely affected when we incur certain contract costs or certain increases in contract costs that cannot be billed to customers. cost growth can occur if expenses to complete a contract increase due to
12
technical challenges, manufacturing difficulties, delays, workforce-related issues or inaccurate initial estimates used for calculating contract costs. reasons may include unavailability or reduced productivity of labor, the nature and complexity of the work performed, the timeliness and availability of materials, major subcontractor performance or product quality issues, performance delays, availability and timing of funding from the customer, and natural disasters. the process of estimating contract costs requires significant judgment and expertise. a significant increase in contract costs from our original cost estimates on one or more programs could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
our ability to recover the costs we incur and realize profits on contracts with our u.s. government customers depends on the type of contract under which we are performing. our u.s. government business is currently performed under firm fixed price ("ffp"), fixed price incentive ("fpi"), cost plus incentive fee ("cpif"), cost plus fixed fee ("cpff") and cost plus award fee ("cpaf") contracts. under ffp contracts, we retain all cost savings on completed contracts but are responsible for the full amount of all expenditures in excess of the contract price. fpi contracts, on the other hand, are flexibly priced agreements under which overruns and underruns to an agreed target cost are shared between the u.s. government and us. the u.s. government is liable for its share of allowable costs up to a ceiling price, and we are responsible for all costs incurred in excess of such ceiling price, typically 125-135% of target cost. our profit on fpi contracts varies according to a formula set forth in the contract that generally compares the amount of costs incurred to the contract target cost. under cpif, cpff and cpaf contracts, we are generally required to perform the contract only to the extent the u.s. government makes funds available, and we recover all allowable costs incurred in the performance of the contract. under cpif contracts, our profit is determined by a contractually specified formula that compares allowable incurred costs to the contract target cost, subject in some instances to a maximum or minimum fee percentage. under cpff contracts, the dollar amount of profit received is the same without regard to the amount of costs incurred. under cpaf contracts, the dollar amount of profit received is determined by the award fee provisions in the contract.
of ingalls' revenues in 2014, approximately 90% were generated from fpi contracts, approximately 4% were generated from cpaf contracts, approximately 4% were generated from ffp contracts, and approximately 2% were generated from cpff contracts. of newport news' 2014 revenues, approximately 42% were generated from cpif contracts, which primarily included aircraft carrier construction and rcoh contracts, approximately 27% were generated from cpff contracts, approximately 25% were generated from fpi contracts, consisting primarily of submarine construction contracts, approximately 4% were generated from ffp contracts, and approximately 2% were generated from cpaf contracts. substantially all of our other segment's 2014 revenues were generated from ffp contracts. to the extent our mix of contract types change in the future, our ability to recover our costs and realize profits on our contracts can be negatively affected.
our earnings and profitability depend upon our ability to perform under contracts.
when agreeing to contract terms, we make assumptions and projections about future conditions and events, many of which extend over long periods. these projections assess the productivity and availability of labor, the complexity of the work to be performed, the cost and availability of materials, the impact of delayed performance, and the timing of product deliveries. we may experience significant variances from our assumptions and projections, delays in our contract performance, and variances in the timing of our product deliveries. if our actual experience differs significantly from one or more of our assumptions or projections, or, if we incur unanticipated contract costs, the profitability of the related contracts may be adversely affected.
our earnings and profitability depend, in part, upon subcontractor performance and raw material and component availability and pricing.
we rely on other companies to provide raw materials, major components, and sub-systems for our products, and we rely on subcontractors to produce hardware elements and sub-assemblies and perform certain services that we provide to our customers. we are subject to potential delivery disruptions and performance problems caused by our suppliers and subcontractors. our ability to perform our obligations as a prime contractor could be adversely affected if one or more of our suppliers or subcontractors are unable to provide the agreed-upon products or materials or perform the agreed-upon services in a timely and cost-effective manner.
our costs to manufacture our products can increase over the terms of our contracts. we may be protected from increases in material costs through cost escalation provisions contained in some of our u.s. government contracts, to the extent that such increases are consistent with industry indices. even with these provisions, however, the difference in basis between our actual material costs and these indices may expose us to cost uncertainty. in
13
addition, significant delays in deliveries of key raw materials, which may occur as a result of availability or price, could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
in connection with our u.s. government contracts, we are required to procure certain raw materials, components and parts from supply sources approved by the u.s. government. as a result of consolidation in the defense industry, only one supplier exists for certain components we acquire. the inability of a sole source supplier to provide a necessary component in a timely or cost-effective manner could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
our results of operations depend upon new contract awards.
the prospects of u.s. shipyards, including ours, are materially affected by their success in securing significant u.s. navy contract awards. in february 2006, the u.s. navy presented to congress a goal of achieving and maintaining a fleet of 313 ships. each year, the u.s. navy presents to congress the navy's annual report to congress on long-range plan for construction of naval vessels (the "shipbuilding plan"), which includes the navy's shipbuilding plan for the next five years and a long-range projection of new ship construction for the following 25 years.
the u.s. navy's 2015 shipbuilding plan states that the service's overall inventory goal is 306 battle force ships. the plan falls short of meeting the navy's inventory goals for some types of ships in some years, but the shortfalls are generally smaller than in prior shipbuilding plans. under the 2015 shipbuilding plan, the u.s. navy would buy a total of 264 ships from 2015 through 2044, comprised of 218 combat ships and 46 combat logistics and support ships. given the rate at which the navy plans to retire ships from the fleet, that construction plan would not achieve a fleet equal to the inventory goal of 306 ships until 2019 under new rules for counting ships that the navy implemented this year or until 2022 under the old counting rules.
the u.s. navy's 2015 shipbuilding plan, at least for 2015 through 2019, is based on an assumption of funding at the president's requested level, which exceeds the amounts scheduled under current law. current law caps discretionary funding through 2021. in submitting its report, the u.s. navy described the 2015 shipbuilding plan as "difficult to execute" under current fiscal constraints, and it separately identified changes it would make to the plan if funding for defense equals the amounts scheduled under the current sequestration law. those changes include: buying eight fewer ships, including three fewer destroyers and one less attack submarine, from 2015 through 2019; chartering and leasing three fleet oilers rather than buying them; and putting six destroyers in a reduced status. the navy has also indicated that the refueling and continued operation of cvn-73 uss george washington remains problematic under sequestration.
the u.s. navy's 2015 shipbuilding plan anticipates a fleet of 306 ships comprised of 12 ballistic missile submarines, 11 nuclear-powered aircraft carriers, 48 nuclear-powered attack submarines, 88 large multi-mission surface combatants, 52 small multi-role surface combatants, 33 amphibious landing ships, 29 combat logistics force ships, and 33 support vessels. the 2015 shipbuilding plan also notes that the four ssgn currently in service will be retired in the mid-2020s, and the u.s. navy is exploring the possibility of inserting a quad-pack of large diameter payload tubes in block v ssn-774 virginia-class submarines to offset the loss of the ssgn strike capability. the 2015 shipbuilding plan acknowledges that the dod will encounter several challenges in executing the plan, particularly with regard to funding new submarines to replace the ohio-class nuclear ballistic submarines.
we believe our shipbuilding programs are a high priority for national defense, but, under federal budgetary pressures, one or more of our programs may be reduced, extended or terminated by our u.s. government customers. potential actions that could negatively affect us include the deferral of production of new amphibious ships, the reduction in the number of planned large surface combatants, an increase in the procurement interval for aircraft carriers beyond five years, and postponement or cancellation of the rcoh for cvn-73 uss george washington. in response to the need for cheaper alternatives and the proliferation of "smart weapons," future strategy reassessments by the dod may result in decreased demand for our shipbuilding programs, including our aircraft carrier programs. for the year ended december 31, 2014, our aircraft carrier programs accounted for approximately 39% of our consolidated revenue. significant reductions in the number of ships procured by the u.s. navy or significant delays in funding our ship programs would have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
14
changes to department of defense business practices could have a material effect on dod's procurement process and adversely impact our current programs and potential new awards.
the defense industry has experienced, and we expect it will continue to experience, significant changes to business practices resulting from, among other items, an increased focus by dod on affordability, efficiencies, recovery of costs and a reprioritization of available defense funds to key areas for future defense spending. the dod continues to adjust its procurement practices, requirements criteria and source selection methodology in an ongoing effort to reduce costs, gain efficiencies and enhance program management and control. in addition, the dcma and dcaa have implemented cost recovery/cost savings initiatives designed to prioritize efforts to recover costs. as a result of certain of these initiatives, we have experienced and may continue to experience an increased number of audits and/or a lengthened periods of time required to close open audits. more recently, the thresholds for certain allowable costs, including compensation costs, have been significantly reduced; other thresholds are being challenged, debated, and, in certain cases, modified. significant changes to the thresholds for allowable costs could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
in september 2014 the dod initiated better buying power 3.0 ("bbp 3.0") to address its growing concern that the united states' technological superiority over potential adversaries is being threatened. bbp 3.0 has eight focus areas: achieve affordable programs; achieve dominant capabilities while controlling lifecycle costs; incentivize productivity in industry and government; incentivize innovation in industry and government; eliminate unproductive processes and bureaucracy; promote effective competition; improve tradecraft in acquisition of services; and improve the professionalism of the total acquisition workforce. while some of the larger objectives remained the same as its previous effort, better buying power 2.0, their focus has narrowed and the circle of stakeholders has expanded.
we expect dod's focus on business practices to impact the contracting environment in which we operate as we and others in the industry adjust our practices to address the new initiatives and the reduced level of spending by the dod. we are taking steps internally to assess how we can respond to and support these changes, including how we can further reduce costs and increase productivity, modify how we respond to proposals and revise our areas of focus. depending on how these initiatives are implemented, they could have an impact on current programs, as well as new business opportunities with the dod.
our future success depends, in part, on our ability to deliver our products and services at an affordable life cycle cost, requiring us to develop and maintain technologies, facilities, equipment and a qualified workforce to meet the needs of current and future customers.
shipbuilding is a long cycle business, and our success depends on quality, cost and schedule performance on our contracts. we must develop and sustain the workforce, technologies, facilities, equipment and financial capacity needed to deliver our products and services at an affordable life cycle cost. if we fail to maintain our competitive position in these areas, we could lose future contracts to our competitors, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
our operating results are heavily dependent upon our ability to attract and retain a sufficient number of engineers and skilled workers at competitive costs and with the necessary skills and/or security clearances. at the same time, stable future revenues and costs are important for us to maintain a qualified workforce. development and maintenance of the necessary nuclear expertise and the challenges of hiring and training a qualified workforce can be a limitation on our business. if qualified personnel become scarce, we could experience higher labor, recruiting or training costs to attract and retain qualified employees, or, if we fail to attract and retain qualified personnel, we could incur difficulties in performing our contracts and attracting new business.
competition within our markets or an increase in bid protests may reduce our revenues and market share.
u.s. defense spending levels are uncertain and difficult to predict. while the u.s. navy's 2015 long range plan anticipates a fleet size of 306 ships, the plan does not include enough ships to fully support all elements of the navy's ships goal over the 30-year period. the u.s. navy currently projects that shortfalls would occur at various points during this 30-year period in ballistic missile submarines, cruisers-destroyers, attack submarines, and amphibious ships. declines in u.s. defense spending that reduce the demand for the types of ships we build and services we provide increase our risk exposure to market competition. we compete with another large defense contractor for construction contracts to build surface combatants, and we may in the future compete with the same
15
and other defense contractors to build other ships for which we are currently the sole source. if we are unable to continue to compete successfully against our current or future competitors, we may experience declines in revenues and market share, which could negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
although we are the only company currently capable of refueling nuclear-powered aircraft carriers, two existing u.s. government-owned shipyards may be able to refuel nuclear-powered aircraft carriers if substantial investments in facilities, personnel and training were made. u.s. government-owned shipyards engage in the refueling, overhaul and inactivation of ssn-688 los angeles-class submarines and are capable of repairing and overhauling non-nuclear ships. the 2012 national defense authorization act required dod to develop a core depot level maintenance capability to refuel nuclear aircraft carriers. the 2013 defense authorization act, however, modified the 2012 act by restoring an exception for the nuclear refueling of an aircraft carrier from the definition of core depot level maintenance. the 2013 act also amended and clarified the exception to cover the concurrent refueling and overhaul of an aircraft carrier, as well as the defueling of an aircraft carrier. similarly, the 2013 act restored an exclusion for nuclear aircraft carrier programs from the definition of core logistics capabilities that was contained in previous law. if a u.s. government-owned shipyard were to become capable and engaged in the business of refueling nuclear-powered aircraft carriers, our financial position, results of operations or cash flows could be adversely affected.
we also compete in the engineering, planning, and design market with other companies that provide engineering support services. such competition increases the risk that we may not be the successful bidder on future u.s. navy engineering proposals, including aircraft carrier research and development, submarine design and future surface combatant and amphibious assault ship program contracts.
our competitive environment is also affected by bid protests from unsuccessful bidders on new program awards. as the competitive environment intensifies, the number of bid protests may increase. bid protests can result in an award decision being overturned, requiring a re-bid of the contract. even when a bid protest does not result in a re-bid, resolution of the matter typically extends the time until contract performance can begin, which may reduce our earnings in the period in which the contract would otherwise have performed.
overcapacity in the u.s. shipbuilding market may reduce our market share or our ability to secure contract awards at profitable prices.
the reduced level of shipbuilding activity by the u.s. navy, evidenced by the reduction in fleet size from 566 ships in 1989 to 287 ships as of december 31, 2014, has resulted in workforce reductions in the industry but little infrastructure consolidation. the general result has been fewer contracts awarded to the same fixed number of shipyards. six major private united states shipyards, three of which we own, plus numerous other smaller private shipyards compete for contracts to construct, overhaul, repair and convert naval vessels. we ceased all shipbuilding construction operations in one of our three major shipyards in 2014. competition for future shipbuilding programs is expected to be intense. additionally, our products, such as aircraft carriers, submarines, amphibious assault ships, surface combatants, and other ships, compete for funding with each other, as well as with other defense products and services. future rationalization of shipyard capacity in the united states might occur, and we could be affected by shipyard consolidation or closures as a result of the reduced level of u.s. navy spending on ship construction. such consolidation or closures could have a significant effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
as a u.s. government contractor, we are heavily regulated and could be adversely affected by changes in regulations or any negative findings from a u.s. government audit or investigation.
u.s. government contractors must comply with significant regulatory requirements, including those relating to procurement and nuclear operations. government contracting requirements increase our contract performance and compliance costs and change on a consistent basis. in addition, our nuclear operations are subject to an enhanced regulatory environment, which results in increased performance and compliance efforts and costs. new laws, regulations, or procurement requirements, or changes to existing ones (including, for example, regulations related to allowability of compensation costs, counterfeit parts, specialty metals and conflict minerals), can increase our performance and compliance costs and reduce our profitability.
we operate in a heavily regulated environment and are routinely audited and reviewed by the u.s. government and its various agencies, such as the u.s. navy's supervisor of shipbuilding, the dcaa, and the dcma. these
16
agencies review our contract performance, cost structures, and compliance with applicable laws, regulations, and standards, as well as the adequacy of, and our compliance with, our internal control systems and internal policies. systems subject to audit or review include our accounting systems, purchasing systems, billing systems, property management and control systems, cost estimating systems, earned value management systems, compensation systems, and management information systems. any costs we incur that are determined to be unallowable or improperly allocated to a specific contract will not be reimbursed or must be refunded if previously reimbursed. if an audit uncovers improper or illegal activities, we may be subject to civil and criminal penalties, sanctions, forfeiture of profits, and suspension or debarment. allegations of impropriety can also cause us significant reputational harm.
whether or not illegal activities are alleged, the u.s. government has the ability to decrease or withhold contract payments if it determines significant deficiencies exist in business systems subject to its review. the u.s. government has, in certain instances, withheld payments on certain of our contracts subject to these regulations upon its assessment that deficiencies exist with one or more of our business systems. where appropriate, we are modifying our affected business systems to address the u.s. government's concerns.
as with other government contractors, the u.s. government has, from time to time, recommended that certain of our contract prices be reduced, or that certain costs allocated to our contracts be disallowed. these recommendations sometimes involve substantial dollar amounts. in response to u.s. government audits, investigations and inquiries, we have also in the past made adjustments to our contract prices and the costs allocated to our government contracts. such audits, investigations and inquiries may result in future reductions of our contract prices.
we must comply with a variety of federal laws, including the truth in negotiations act, the false claims act, the procurement integrity act, the international traffic in arms regulations promulgated under the arms export control act, the close the contractor fraud loophole act, the foreign corrupt practices act, and cost accounting standards, and we are subject, from time to time, to u.s. government investigations relating to our operations. if we are convicted or otherwise found to have violated the law, or are found not to have acted responsibly as defined by the law, we may be subject to reductions in the value of contracts, contract modifications or terminations, penalties, fines, compensatory, treble or other damages, or suspension or debarment, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
many of our contracts contain performance obligations that require innovative design capabilities, are technologically complex, require state-of-the-art manufacturing expertise or are dependent upon factors not wholly within our control, and failure to meet these obligations could adversely affect our profitability and future prospects.
we design, develop, and manufacture products and provide services applied by our customers in a variety of environments. problems and delays in product development or with delivery of subcontractor components or services as a result of issues with respect to design, technology, licensing and intellectual property rights, labor, learning curve assumptions, or materials and components could prevent us from satisfying contractual requirements.
first-in-class ships, also known as lead ships, usually have new technology that is supplied by the u.s. navy, other contractors, or us. problems in developing these new technologies or design changes in the construction process can lead to delays in the design schedule needed for construction. the risk associated with new technology or mid-construction design changes can both increase the cost of a ship and delay delivery. late delivery of information can also cause inefficiencies in the construction process, increase costs, and put the delivery schedule at risk, which could adversely affect our profitability and future prospects.
our products cannot always be tested and proven and are otherwise subject to unforeseen problems, including premature failure of products that cannot be accessed for repair or replacement, substandard quality or workmanship, and unplanned degradation of product performance. these failures could result in loss of life or property and could negatively affect our results of operations by causing unanticipated expenses not covered by insurance or indemnification from the customer, diversion of management focus to respond to unforeseen problems, loss of follow-on work and, in the case of certain contracts, repayment to the government customer of contract cost and fee payments previously received.
we have experienced quality issues in the past with respect to products and services that we sell to our u.s. government customers. these issues have required significant resources to analyze the source of the deficiencies
17
and implement corrective actions. we may discover quality issues in the future related to our products and services that require analysis and corrective action. such issues and our responses and corrective actions could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
we may not realize the anticipated benefits of consolidating all ingalls ship construction into our pascagoula shipyard, and we may not recover all of our costs related to the wind down of shipbuilding at our avondale shipyard.
in october 2014, we ceased shipbuilding construction operations at our avondale, louisiana shipyard and consolidated all ingalls shipbuilding into our pascagoula shipyard. we have shifted construction of future lpd-class ships to a single production line at our pascagoula shipyard to reduce costs, increase efficiency, and address shipbuilding overcapacity. shifting avondale's shipbuilding to our pascagoula shipyard may not result in our realization of anticipated benefits from serial production at that facility. in connection with the increased utilization of our employees and facilities in our pascagoula shipyard, we may encounter difficulties adhering to back-to-back production schedules. any such difficulties could have an adverse effect on our ability to timely perform our existing contracts and our ability to obtain new contracts in the future. moreover, the concentration of our ingalls workforce in pascagoula may inhibit our ability to attract and retain a sufficient number of skilled and trained employees to perform the increased workload. any failure to attract and retain the necessary workforce, or to effectively manage and control third-party contractors, could adversely affect our ability to perform our contracts and have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
we have incurred substantial restructuring costs and asset write-downs, currently estimated at $284 million, related to the wind down of our operations at avondale. we believe that substantially all such expenses are recoverable under existing flexibly-priced contracts or future negotiated contracts in accordance with far provisions governing the treatment of restructuring and shutdown related costs. the dcaa prepared an initial audit report on our july 2010 cost recovery proposal of $310 million, which stated that the proposal was not adequately supported for the dcaa to reach a conclusion and questioned approximately $25 million, or 8%, of the costs included in the proposal. we submitted a revised proposal in march 2014 to address the dcaa concerns and reflect a revised estimated total cost of $284 million. in july 2014, we received a letter from the supervisor of shipbuilding requesting that we revise our restructuring proposal to address certain documentation issues identified by the dcaa in order for the government to make an adequate evaluation of the restructuring proposal. in august 2014, we received a letter from the supervisor of shipbuilding proposing a joint meeting regarding the treatment of specific costs included in the restructuring proposal and acknowledging that the allowability and allocability of costs will be determined by the government in an advanced agreement in accordance with far.
although closure is still the baseline assumption for avondale, we are pursuing other opportunities to utilize this facility. if we are successful in pursuing such opportunities, and avondale remains open, we would submit a revised restructuring proposal to the u.s. navy consistent with this change. in such event, we expect that our total estimated restructuring costs would decrease. while the restructuring costs that are currently capitalized, consisting primarily of severance and retention payments as well as retired fixed assets, should remain recoverable under existing or future u.s. navy contracts, other costs would remain as part of the avondale cost structure associated with avondale's new line of business.
whether we close avondale entirely or keep the facility open in a new line of business, we currently do not have an agreement with the u.s. navy regarding the government contract accounting and pricing treatment of the restructuring and shutdown costs associated with our wind down at avondale. we may also incur environmental costs in connection with the wind down. such costs, which we cannot reasonably estimate at this time, could be significant. the actual restructuring expenses we incur in connection with our wind down of avondale, including potential environmental costs, may be greater than our current estimate, and any inability to recover such costs could result in a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
we use estimates when accounting for contracts. changes in estimates could affect our profitability and our overall financial position.
contract accounting requires judgment relative to assessing risks, estimating contract revenues and costs, and making assumptions for schedule and technical issues. the size and nature of many of our contracts make the estimation of total revenues and costs at completion complicated and subject to many variables. for new shipbuilding programs, we estimate, negotiate and contract for construction of ships that are not completely designed. assessing risks, estimating contract revenues and costs and making assumptions for schedule and
18
technical issues for these ships are subject to the variability of the final ship design and evolving scope of work. our assumptions on ship contracts include the length of time to complete the contract, because total costs include expected increases in wages and material prices. similarly, our assumptions include the future impact of our efficiency initiatives and cost reduction efforts. we consider incentives, awards and penalties related to contract performance in estimating revenues and profit rates, and we record them when sufficient information exists to assess anticipated contract performance.
the judgment and estimation processes described above are significant to our contract accounting, and materially different amounts can be generated if different assumptions are used or if actual events differ from our assumptions. future changes in underlying assumptions, circumstances or estimates may have a material adverse effect on our future financial position, results of operations or cash flows. see critical accounting policies, estimates, and judgments in item 7.
our business is subject to disruption caused by natural disasters, environmental disasters and other events that could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
we have significant operations located in regions of the united states that have been and may be exposed to damaging storms, such as hurricanes, floods and environmental disasters, such as oil spills. although preventative measures may help to mitigate damage, the damage and disruption resulting from natural and environmental disasters may be significant. natural disasters can disrupt our facilities, systems or projects, which can interrupt operational processes and performance on our contracts. should insurance or other risk transfer mechanisms be unavailable or insufficient to recover material costs associated with natural or environmental disasters, we could experience a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. see our insurance coverage may be inadequate to cover all of our significant risks or our insurers may deny coverage of material losses we incur, which could adversely affect our profitability and financial position in this section.
natural disasters can disrupt our workforce, electrical and other power distribution networks, computer and internet operations and accessibility, and the critical industrial infrastructure needed for normal business operations. these disruptions could adversely affect our contract performance and financial results. environmental disasters, particularly oil spills in waterways and bodies of water used for the transport and testing of our ships, can disrupt the timing of performance under our contracts with the u.s. navy and the u.s. coast guard.
our suppliers and subcontractors are also subject to natural and environmental disasters that could affect their ability to deliver products or services or otherwise perform their contracts. performance failures by our subcontractors due to natural or environmental disasters may adversely affect our ability to perform our contracts, which could reduce our profitability in the event damages or other costs are not recoverable from the subcontractor, the customer or insurers. such events could also result in a termination of the prime contract and have an adverse effect on our ability to compete for future contracts.
our insurance coverage may be inadequate to cover all of our significant risks or our insurers may deny coverage of material losses we incur, which could adversely affect our profitability and financial position.
we seek to identify and obtain, in established markets, insurance agreements to cover our significant risks and potential liabilities, including, among others, natural disasters, product liability and business interruption resulting from an insured property loss. in some circumstances, we may be indemnified for losses by the u.s. government, subject to the availability of appropriated funds. not every risk or liability can be protected by insurance, and, for insurable risks, the limits of coverage reasonably obtainable in the market may not be sufficient to cover the full amount of actual losses or liabilities incurred, including, for example, in the case of a catastrophic hurricane. in addition, the nature of our business makes it difficult to quantify the disruptive impact of such events. such limitations on the availability of insurance coverage may result in us bearing substantial costs for uninsured losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. even in cases where we have insurance coverage, disputes with insurance carriers over coverage may affect the timing of cash flows, and, if litigation with the insurance carrier becomes necessary, an outcome unfavorable to us may have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
19
our business could suffer if we are unsuccessful in negotiating new collective bargaining agreements.
approximately 50% of our employees are covered by a total of 11 collective bargaining agreements, and two doe site stabilization agreements. newport news has three collective bargaining agreements covering represented employees, which expire in july 2017, august 2018, and december 2018. newport news craft workers employed at the kesselring site near saratoga springs, new york are represented under an indefinite doe site agreement.  ingalls has five collective bargaining agreements covering represented employees, which all expire in march 2018.  craft employees at our waggaman, louisiana location are covered by a collective bargaining agreement that will expire in june 2019. approximately 90 craft employees of sn3 are represented under two collective bargaining agreements expiring in february 2015 and september 2017, or under a doe site agreement for those working at the hanford, washington site.
collective bargaining agreements generally expire after three to five years, and we must negotiate successor agreements as each of our collective bargaining agreements expires. while we believe we maintain good relationships with our represented workers, it is possible that we may experience difficulties with renegotiating expiring collective bargaining agreements. we have, in the past, experienced work stoppages, strikes and other labor disruptions associated with the collective bargaining of new labor agreements. if we experience such events in the future, we could incur additional expenses or work delays that could adversely affect programs served by employees who are covered by collective bargaining agreements.
significant changes in key estimates and assumptions, such as discount rates and assumed long-term returns on assets, actual investment returns on our pension plan assets, and legislative and regulatory actions could affect our earnings, equity, and contributions to our pension and retiree health care plans in future periods.
our pension and retiree health care costs are dependent on significant judgment in the use of various estimates and assumptions, particularly with respect to the discount rate and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets. changes to these estimates and assumptions could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. differences between actual investment returns and our assumed long-term returns on assets will result in changes in future pension expense and the funded status of our plans, and could increase future funding of the plans.
timing differences exist between the accrual of pension costs under accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"), pension funding requirements and the recovery of pension costs that are allowable under our government contracts. such timing differences could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. on december 27, 2011, the u.s. cost accounting standards ("cas") board issued its final cas harmonization rule. the new rule impacts pension costs on contracts beginning in 2013 and is effective for forward pricing purposes for contracts negotiated on or after february 27, 2012. although we believe that contractors are entitled to an equitable adjustment on cas-covered contracts awarded prior to the february 27, 2012 effective date, the application of this rule could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows if we are unable to successfully recover such equitable adjustment.
for a complete discussion regarding how our consolidated financial statements can be affected by pension plan accounting policies and regulatory changes, see critical accounting policies, estimates, and judgments in item 7.
unforeseen environmental costs could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
our operations are subject to and affected by a variety of existing federal, state and local environmental protection laws and regulations. in addition, we could be affected by future laws or regulations, including those imposed in response to climate change concerns or other actions commonly referred to as "green initiatives." we expect to incur future capital and operating costs to comply with current and future environmental laws and regulations, and such costs could be substantial, depending on the future proliferation of environmental rules and regulations and the extent to which we discover currently unknown environmental conditions.
shipbuilding operations require the use of hazardous materials. our shipyards also generate significant quantities of wastewater, which we treat before discharging pursuant to various permits. to handle these materials, our shipyards have an extensive network of aboveground and underground storage tanks, some of which have leaked
20
and required remediation in the past. in addition, our handling of hazardous materials has sometimes resulted in spills in our shipyards and occasionally in adjacent rivers and waterways in which we operate. our shipyards maintain extensive waste handling programs that we periodically modify, consistent with changes in applicable laws and regulations. see environmental, health and safety in item 1.
various federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations impose restrictions on the discharge of pollutants into the environment and establish standards for the transportation, storage and disposal of toxic and hazardous wastes. substantial fines, penalties, and criminal sanctions may be imposed for noncompliance, and certain environmental laws impose joint and several "strict liability" for remediation of spills and releases of oil and hazardous substances. such laws and regulations render a party liable for environmental cleanup and remediation costs and damage without regard to negligence or fault on the part of such party, and may expose us to liability for the conduct of or conditions caused by third parties.
in addition to fines, penalties, and criminal sanctions, environmental laws and regulations may require the installation of costly pollution control equipment or operational changes to limit pollution emissions or discharges and/or to decrease the likelihood of accidental hazardous material releases. we incur, and expect to incur in the future, costs to comply with federal and state environmental laws and regulations related to the cleanup of pollutants released into the environment. in addition, if we are found to be in violation of the clean air act or the clean water act, the facility or facilities involved in the violation could be placed by the epa on the "excluded parties list" maintained by the general services administration, which would continue until the epa concluded that the cause of the violation was cured. facilities on the "excluded parties list" are prohibited from working on any u.s. government contract.
the adoption of new environmental laws and regulations, stricter enforcement of existing laws and regulations, imposition of new cleanup requirements, discovery of previously unknown or more extensive contamination, litigation involving environmental impacts, our inability to recover related costs under our government contracts or the financial insolvency of other responsible parties could cause us to incur costs that could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
we ceased shipbuilding construction at our louisiana facilities in 2014. our wind down of operations at these facilities may result in environmental costs, the amount of which we cannot currently estimate. such costs could be significant and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
market volatility and adverse capital or credit market conditions may affect our ability to access cost-effective sources of funding and may expose us to risks associated with the financial viability of suppliers and subcontractors and the ability of counterparties to perform on financial agreements.
the financial markets can experience high levels of volatility and disruption, reducing the availability of credit for certain issuers. we sometimes access these markets to support certain business activities, including funding acquisitions and capital expansion projects, obtaining credit support for our workers' compensation self-insurance program, refinancing existing indebtedness, and arranging for letters of credit. depending on the condition of the capital or credit markets existing at the time, we may be unable in the future to obtain capital market financing or bank financing on favorable terms, or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
tightening credit markets could also adversely affect our suppliers' and subcontractors' ability to obtain financing. delays in suppliers' or subcontractors' ability to obtain financing, or the unavailability of financing, could negatively affect their ability to perform their contracts with us and cause our inability to perform our contracts. the inability of our suppliers and subcontractors to obtain financing could also result in the need for us to transition to alternate suppliers and subcontractors, which could result in significant incremental costs and delays.
we have existing agreements with counterparties in the financial markets, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, and other institutional parties, and may in the future enter into agreements with such parties. these transactions expose us to potential credit risk in the event of default of a counterparty. in addition, our credit risk may be increased when collateral held by us to secure performance of a counterparty cannot be liquidated upon a sale or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount due us.
21
our reputation and our ability to do business may be impacted by the improper conduct of employees, agents or business partners.
our compliance program includes detailed compliance plans and extensive compliance controls, policies, procedures, and training designed to prevent and detect misconduct by employees, agents, or business partners that would violate the laws of the jurisdictions in which we operate, including laws governing payments to government officials, the protection of export controlled or classified information, cost accounting and billing, competition, and data privacy. we may not, however, prevent all such misconduct committed by our employees, agents, or business partners, and the risk of improper conduct may be expected to increase as we expand into commercial markets and foreign jurisdictions. any improper actions could subject us to administrative, civil, or criminal investigations and monetary and non-monetary penalties, including suspension or debarment, which could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
our business could be negatively impacted by security threats, including cyber security threats, and related disruptions.
as a defense contractor, we rely on our information technology infrastructure to process, transmit and store electronic information, including classified and other sensitive information of the u.s. government. while we maintain stringent information security policies and protocols, we face cyber security and other security threats to our information technology infrastructure, including threats to our and the u.s. government's proprietary and classified information. we face unauthorized and unlawful attempts to gain access to our information technology infrastructure, including coordinated attacks from groups of hackers, and we could also face attempts to gain physical access to classified and other sensitive information located at our facilities. our information technology infrastructure is critical to the efficient operation of our business and essential to our ability to perform day-to-day operations. breaches of our information technology infrastructure or physical facilities or other disruptions could expose us to reputational damage, potential liability or the loss of current or future contracts, including work on sensitive or classified systems for the u.s. government, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial position, results of operations, or cash flows.
our nuclear operations subject us to various environmental, regulatory, financial, and other risks.
the design, construction, refueling and overhaul, repair and inactivation of nuclear-powered aircraft carriers and nuclear-powered submarines, our nuclear facilities used to support such activities, our nuclear operations at doe sites, and our activities in the commercial nuclear market subject us to various risks, including:
   potential liabilities relating to harmful effects on the environment and human health resulting from nuclear operations and the storage, handling, and disposal of radioactive materials, including nuclear assemblies and their components;
   unplanned expenditures relating to maintenance, operation, security, and repair, including repairs required by the u.s. navy, the nuclear regulatory commission or the doe;
   reputational harm;
   potential liabilities arising out of a nuclear incident whether or not it is within our control; and
   regulatory noncompliance and loss of authorizations or indemnifications necessary for our operations.
failure to properly handle nuclear materials could pose a health risk to humans or wildlife and could cause personal injury and property damage, including environmental contamination. if a nuclear accident were to occur, its severity could be significantly affected by the volume of the materials and the speed of corrective action taken by us and emergency response personnel, as well as other factors beyond our control, such as weather and wind conditions. actions we might take in response to an accident could result in significant costs.
our nuclear operations are subject to various safety related requirements imposed by the u.s. navy, doe and nuclear regulatory commission. in the event of noncompliance, these agencies may increase regulatory oversight, impose fines or shut down our operations, depending on their assessment of the severity of the situation. in addition, new or revised security and safety requirements imposed by the u.s. navy, doe and nuclear regulatory commission could necessitate substantial capital and other expenditures.
22
subject to certain requirements and limitations, our contracts with the u.s. navy and doe generally provide for indemnity by the u.s. government for costs arising out of or resulting from our nuclear operations. we may not, however, be indemnified for all liabilities that we may incur in connection with our nuclear operations. to mitigate risks related to our commercial nuclear operations, we rely primarily on insurance carried by nuclear facility operators and our own limited insurance for losses in excess of the coverage of facility operators. such insurance, however, may not be sufficient to cover our costs in the event of an accident or business interruption relating to our commercial nuclear operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
changes in future business conditions could cause business investments, recorded goodwill and/or purchased intangible assets to become impaired, resulting in substantial losses and write-downs that would reduce our operating income.
as part of our business strategy, we acquire non-controlling and controlling interests in businesses. we make acquisitions and investments following careful analysis and due diligence processes designed to achieve a desired return or strategic objective. business acquisitions generally involve estimates, assumptions and judgments in determining acquisition prices, which prices must be allocated among acquired assets, including goodwill, based upon fair market values. notwithstanding our analyses, due diligence processes and business integration efforts, actual operating results of acquired businesses may vary significantly from initial estimates. in such events, we may be required to write down our carrying value of the related goodwill and/or purchased intangible assets. in addition, declines in the trading price of our common stock can result in goodwill and/or purchased intangible asset impairment charges.
as of december 31, 2014, goodwill and purchased intangible assets generated from prior business acquisitions accounted for approximately 16% and 9%, respectively, of our recorded total assets. we evaluate goodwill values for impairment annually on november 30, or when evidence of potential impairment exists. we evaluate purchased intangibles when evidence of potential impairment exists. the impairment test is based on several factors requiring judgment. as a general matter, a significant decrease in expected cash flows or changes in market conditions may indicate potential impairment of recorded goodwill or purchased intangibles.
after conducting the 2014 goodwill impairment test, we determined that goodwill at our other segment was impaired by $47 million. the other segment, established in the second quarter of 2014 following the acquisition of upi, is sensitive to developments in the oil and gas industry. the goodwill impairment charge was primarily driven by the recent drop in oil prices and the resulting decrease in industry market multiples. we determined that the estimated fair value of our remaining reporting units significantly exceeded their corresponding carrying values as of november 30, 2014.
adverse equity market conditions that result in a decline in market multiples and the trading price of our common stock or other events such as reductions in future contract awards or significant adverse changes in our operating margins or operating results of acquired businesses that vary significantly from projected results on which purchase prices are based, could result in an impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets. any such impairments that result in us recording additional goodwill impairment charges could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations.
unanticipated changes in our tax provisions or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could affect our profitability and cash flow.
we are subject to income taxes in various jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes. in the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. in addition, timing differences in the recognition of contract income for financial statement purposes and for income tax purposes can cause uncertainty with respect to the timing of income tax payments, which can have a significant impact on cash flow in a particular period. changes in applicable income tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation, could result in higher or lower income tax rates or changes in the taxability of certain transactions or the deductibility of certain expenses, thereby affecting our income tax expense and profitability. in addition, the final results of any tax audits or related litigation could be materially different from our related historical income tax provisions and accruals. changes in our tax rate as a result of changes in our overall profitability, changes in tax legislation, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in differences between financial statement income and taxable income, the examination of
23
previously filed tax returns by taxing authorities and continuing assessments of our tax exposures can also impact our tax liabilities and affect our income tax expense, profitability, and cash flow.
we conduct a portion of our operations through joint ventures and strategic alliances. we may have limited control over such arrangements and have returns that are not proportional to the risks and resources we contribute.
we conduct some of our operations through joint ventures with business partners. in any joint venture arrangement, differences in views among the joint venture participants may result in delayed decisions or in failures to reach agreement on major issues. we and our joint venture partners may, in certain instances, fail to reach agreement on significant decisions on a timely basis, or at all. we also cannot control the actions of our joint venture partners, including any non-performance, default, or bankruptcy of our joint venture partners, and we typically share liability or have joint and/or several liability with our joint venture partners for joint venture matters. any of these factors could potentially have a material adverse effect on our joint venture operations and the profitability of our joint ventures.
in joint ventures in which we hold a minority interest, we have limited control over many decisions relating to joint venture projects and internal controls relating to such projects. these joint ventures may not be subject to the same requirements regarding internal controls and internal control reporting that apply to us. as a result, internal control issues may arise that could have a material adverse effect on the joint venture. in addition, in order to establish or preserve relationships with our joint venture partners, we may agree to assume risks and contribute resources that are proportionately greater than the returns we expect to receive in the related joint venture. such agreements may reduce our income and returns on these investments compared to what we would have received if our assumed risks and contributed resources were proportionate to our returns.
strategic acquisitions and investments we pursue involve risks and uncertainties.
in pursuing our business strategies, we review, evaluate and consider potential acquisitions and investments. in evaluating such transactions, we have to make difficult judgments regarding the value of business opportunities, technologies and other assets, and the risks and costs of potential liabilities. in addition, acquisitions and investments involve other risks and uncertainties, including the difficulty of integrating acquired businesses, challenges achieving strategic objectives and other benefits anticipated from acquisitions or investments, the diversion of management attention and resources from our existing operations and other initiatives, the potential impairment of acquired assets, and the potential loss of key employees of acquired businesses. our financial results, business, and future prospects could be adversely affected by unanticipated performance issues, transaction-related charges, liabilities, amortization of expenses related to intangibles, and charges for impairment of purchased intangible assets.
we are subject to various claims and litigation that could ultimately be resolved against us, requiring material future cash payments and/or future material charges against our operating income, materially impairing our financial position.
the size, type and complexity of our business make it highly susceptible to claims and litigation. we are currently, and may in the future become, subject to various administrative, civil, or criminal litigation, environmental claims, income tax matters, compliance matters, claims, and investigations, which could divert financial and management resources and result in fines, penalties, compensatory, treble or other damages, or nonmonetary relief. government regulations also provide that certain allegations against a contractor may lead to suspension or debarment from government contracts or suspension of our export privileges. suspension or debarment could have a material adverse effect on us because of our reliance on government contracts and authorizations. litigation, claims, or investigations, if ultimately resolved against us, could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. any litigation, claims, or investigation, even if fully indemnified or insured, could negatively impact our reputation among our customers and the public, and make it more difficult for us to compete effectively or obtain adequate insurance in the future.
we may be unable to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, which could affect our ability to compete.
we own certain patents, trademarks, copyrights, and other forms of intellectual property, and we license certain intellectual property rights to and from third parties. the u.s. government generally holds licenses to certain
24
intellectual property we develop in performance of government contracts, and it may use or authorize others to use such intellectual property. more recently, we believe the u.s. government has asserted or sought to obtain more extensive rights in intellectual property. the u.s. government's efforts could result in a decrease in our ability to control the use of certain of our intellectual property rights in a government contracting environment. our intellectual property is also subject to challenge, invalidation, misappropriation, or circumvention by third parties.
we also rely upon proprietary technology, information, processes, and know-how that are not protected by patents. we seek to protect this information through trade secret or confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, subcontractors, and other parties, as well as through other measures. these agreements and other measures may not, however, provide meaningful protection for our unpatented proprietary information.
in the event of infringement of our intellectual property rights, breach of a confidentiality agreement, or unauthorized disclosure of proprietary information, we may not have adequate legal remedies to maintain our rights in our intellectual property. litigation to determine the scope of our rights, even if successful, could be costly and a diversion of management's attention from other aspects of our business. in addition, trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently developed by competitors. if we are unable adequately to protect our intellectual property rights, our business could be adversely affected.
we have the right to use certain intellectual property licensed to us by third parties. in instances where third parties have licensed to us the right to use their intellectual property, we may be unable in the future to secure the necessary licenses to use such intellectual property on commercially reasonable terms.
our debt exposes us to certain risks.
as of december 31, 2014, we had $1,700 million of debt and $650 million of additional borrowing and letter of credit capacity under our credit facility ("credit facility"). our current level of debt could have important consequences, including:
   increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic or industry conditions;
   requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, strategic initiatives and general corporate purposes;
   increasing our vulnerability to, and limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business or the industry in which we operate;
   exposing us to the risk of higher interest rates, to the extent borrowings under our credit facility are subject to variable rates of interest;
   placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and
   limiting our ability to borrow additional funds.
because we use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service our debt, we could fail to generate sufficient cash to fund our liquidity needs or fail to satisfy the restrictive covenants and borrowing limitations to which we are subject under our debt. moreover, despite our current level of debt, we may be able to incur significant additional debt in the future. to the extent new debt is added to our current debt levels, the related risks that we face could be increased.
restrictive covenants in the indentures governing our senior notes and our credit facility may restrict our ability to pursue our business strategies.
the indenture governing our 7.125% senior notes and the terms of our credit facility limit our ability, among other things, to:
   incur additional debt;
   pay dividends or make other distributions on, or repurchase or redeem, our stock;
   prepay, redeem or repurchase certain of our debt;
   make investments;
25
   sell assets;
   enter into agreements restricting our subsidiaries' ability to pay dividends;
   consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets;
   enter into transactions with our affiliates; and
   incur liens.
the indenture governing our 5.000% senior notes limits our ability, among other things, to:
   consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets; and
   incur liens.
in addition, the indenture governing our 7.125% senior notes requires us to maintain a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio, and the terms of our credit facility limit the amount of our capital expenditures and require us to maintain certain financial ratios, including a minimum interest coverage ratio and a maximum leverage ratio, among others. these covenants may restrict our financial flexibility, limit our strategic initiatives, restrict our ability to grow or limit our ability to respond to competitive changes. these covenants limit how we may conduct our business, and we may be unable to engage in favorable business activities or finance future operations or capital needs. these covenants may, therefore, limit our ability to successfully execute our business strategy and operate our business.
our spin-off from northrop grumman exposes us to potential liabilities, including u.s. federal income tax liabilities.
our spin-off from northrop grumman was structured to minimize the likelihood that northrop grumman, northrop grumman's stockholders and we would be required to recognize any taxable income, gain or loss for u.s. federal income tax purposes as a result of the spin-off, except with respect to cash received by northrop grumman's stockholders in lieu of fractional shares. if all or a portion of the spin-off does not qualify as a tax-free transaction, northrop grumman would recognize a substantial gain for u.s. federal income tax purposes. in such case, under irs regulations, each member of northrop grumman's consolidated group at the time of the spin-off, including us and our subsidiaries, would be severally liable for the resulting u.s. federal income tax liability.
in connection with the spin-off, northrop grumman and we agreed that each of us would be responsible for the debts, liabilities and other obligations related to the respective business or businesses that we own and operate following the spin-off. although we do not expect to be liable for any such obligations not expressly assumed by us, it is possible that a court would disregard the agreed allocation and require that we assume responsibility for obligations allocated to northrop grumman, such as certain tax and/or environmental liabilities, particularly if northrop grumman were to refuse or be unable to pay or perform its allocated obligations.
anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents and delaware law, as well as regulatory requirements, could delay or prevent a change in control.
certain provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws may delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that a stockholder may consider favorable. for example, our restated certificate of incorporation and restated bylaws provide for a classified board of directors, require advance notice for stockholder proposals and director nominations, place limitations on convening stockholder meetings and authorize our board of directors to issue one or more series of preferred stock. these provisions may discourage acquisition proposals or delay or prevent a change in control, which could harm our stock price. delaware law also imposes restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between any holder of 15% or more of our outstanding common stock and us.
our nuclear shipbuilding operations are considered vitally important to the u.s. navy. consequently, the u.s. navy has required us to include in our contracts with the navy provisions regarding notice and approval rights in the event of change of control of our nuclear shipbuilding operations and regarding the navy's obligations to indemnify us for losses relating to our nuclear work for the navy.  such provisions require us to provide the u.s. navy with notice of any potential change of control of our nuclear shipbuilding operations and obtain the navy's consent for transferring certain related licenses, to facilitate the navy's ability to ensure that a potential buyer would continue to conduct our operations in a satisfactory manner. we have included such provisions in solicitations for future u.s. navy nuclear work, and we expect them to be included in future contracts with the navy for nuclear work.
26
provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation and our restated bylaws and our existing contracts with the u.s. navy may have the effect of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change of control of our company that may be beneficial to our stockholders.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview our business for more than a century, we have designed, built, overhauled and repaired ships primarily for the u.s. navy and the u.s. coast guard. we conduct business primarily with the u.s. government, principally the department of defense ("dod"). as prime contractor, principal subcontractor, team member or partner, we participate in many high-priority u.s. defense technology programs. hii is organized into three reportable segments: ingalls, newport news, and other. through our ingalls segment, we are a builder of amphibious assault and expeditionary warfare ships for the u.s. navy, the sole builder of national security cutters ("nsc") for the u.s. coast guard, and one of only two companies that builds the navy's current fleet of ddg-51 arleigh burke-class destroyers. through our newport news segment, we are the nation's sole designer, builder, and refueler of nuclear-powered aircraft carriers, and one of only two companies currently designing and building nuclear-powered submarines for the u.s. navy. our other segment was established in the second quarter of 2014 to account for certain of our non-shipbuilding commercial activities.
the following discussion should be read along with the audited consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k.
business environment in august 2011, the budget control act (the "bca") reduced the dod top line budget by $487 billion from fiscal year 2012 through 2021. additionally, because congress did not identify savings to reduce the u.s. deficit by up to $1.2 trillion prior to march 1, 2013, budgetary sequestration was implemented under the bca. sequestration requires an additional reduction from fiscal year 2012 through 2021 of $500 billion for defense spending and $500 billion for non-defense discretionary spending, including the u.s. coast guard. on december 26, 2013, the president signed into law the bipartisan budget act, which provided $63 billion in sequestration relief over two years, split evenly between defense and non-defense programs, and set overall discretionary spending at $1.012 trillion for fiscal year 2014 and $1.013 trillion for fiscal year 2015.
enactment of the bipartisan budget act enabled the house and senate appropriations committees to agree upon appropriations levels across the 12 appropriations bills for fiscal year 2015, including defense appropriations and homeland security, and to subsequently pass the consolidated and further continuing appropriations act for fiscal year 2015 (the "fy 2015 act"). however, the homeland security department, including the u.s. coast guard, remains under a fiscal year 2014 continuing resolution until february 27, 2015, in order to support consideration by the 114th congress of fiscal year 2015 funding levels regarding immigration activities.
the fy 2015 act specifically provided funding for procurement of cvn-79 john f. kennedy, construction of two ssn-774 virginia-class submarines, advance procurement for the cvn-73 uss george washington rcoh, continuation of ddg-51 arleigh burke-class destroyer production, and advance procurement for lha-7 tripoli. the fy 2015 act also provided $1 billion for the procurement of an additional lpd-17 san antonio-class ship and rdt&e funding for the ohio replacement program.
while the bipartisan budget act eliminated the implementation of sequestration reductions for fiscal years 2014 and 2015, significant uncertainty exists regarding the specific effects of sequestration in fiscal years 2016 through 2021, and related funding reductions that could result in the cancellation of or decreased funding for our existing programs and/or a lack of funding for future programs.
36
the fiscal year 2016 president's budget request was delivered in early february 2015. the ability of congress to pass a fiscal year 2015 appropriations bill for the homeland security department, as well as the impact of the continuing federal fiscal debates for fiscal year 2016 and beyond remains uncertain, and we cannot predict the impact that the sequestration cuts, other defense spending cuts, or the prospective lack of a fiscal year 2015 homeland security appropriations bill may have on funding for our individual programs.
long-term funding for certain programs in which we participate may be reduced, delayed, or cancelled. in addition, defense spending cuts and delays could adversely affect the viability of our suppliers and subcontractors. our contracts or subcontracts under programs in which we participate may be terminated or adjusted by the u.s. government or the prime contractor as a result of lack of government funding or reductions or delays in government funding, which would adversely affect our future sales under such programs and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
defense industry overview the united states faces a complex, uncertain and rapidly changing national security environment. the defense of the united states and its allies requires the ability to respond to constantly evolving threats, terrorist acts, regional conflicts and cyber attacks, responses to which are increasingly dependent on early threat identification. national responses to such threats can require unilateral or cooperative initiatives that include dissuasion, deterrence, active defense, security and stability operations, and peacekeeping. we believe the u.s. government will continue to place a high priority on the protection of its engaged forces and citizenry and on minimizing collateral damage when force must be applied in pursuit of national objectives.
the united states' engagement in combating terrorism around the world, coupled with the need to modernize u.s. military forces, has driven dod funding levels since 2001. in march 2014, the dod released its report of the quadrennial defense review ("qdr"), a legislatively-mandated review of military strategy and priorities that shapes defense funding over the ensuing four years. the qdr built upon the 2012 defense strategic guidance, prioritizing three strategic pillars: defending the homeland; building security globally by projecting u.s. influence and deterring aggression; and remaining prepared to win decisively against any adversary should deterrence fail. guided by this updated defense strategy, dod plans to rebalance the military over the next decade and put it on a sustainable path to protect and advance u.s. interests and sustain u.s. global leadership.
we expect that dod execution of its strategy will require an affordable balance between investments in current missions and investments in new capabilities to meet future challenges. the dod faces the additional challenge of recapitalizing equipment and rebuilding readiness at a time when the dod is pursuing modernization of its capabilities, while facing additional major budget cuts that began in 2013. while the bipartisan budget act established new budget caps and provided sequestration relief for fiscal years 2014 and 2015 defense and non-defense discretionary programs, the administration continues to consider how sequestration could impact programs for 2016 and beyond, and the outcome of that assessment could have a significant impact on future defense spending plans. decreases in the proposed funding levels for our programs could negatively impact our financial position, results of operations or cash flows, including revenues, goodwill and long-lived assets.
in june 2014, the u.s. navy released its 2015 shipbuilding plan, which anticipates a fleet of 306 ships comprised of 12 ballistic missile submarines, 11 nuclear-powered aircraft carriers, 48 nuclear-powered attack submarines, 88 large multi-mission surface combatants, 52 small multi-role surface combatants, 33 amphibious landing ships, 29 combat logistics force ships, and 33 support vessels. the 2015 shipbuilding plan also notes that the four ssgn currently in service will retire in the mid-2020s, and the u.s. navy is exploring the possibility of inserting a quad-pack of large diameter payload tubes in block v ssn-774 virginia-class submarines to offset the loss of the ssgn strike capability. the 2015 shipbuilding plan also acknowledges that the dod will encounter several challenges in executing the plan, particularly with regard to funding new submarines to replace the ohio-class nuclear ballistic submarines. significant reductions in the number of ships procured by the u.s. navy would have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. it is anticipated that the u.s. navy will submit a shipbuilding plan to congress subsequent to submission of the fiscal year 2016 president's budget request, which will provide additional details regarding the force structure.
the shipbuilding defense industry, as characterized by its competitors, customers, suppliers, potential entrants and substitutes, is unique in many ways. it is heavily capital and skilled labor intensive. the u.s. navy, a large single customer with many needs and requirements, dominates the industry's customer base and is served by a supplier base that has trended toward exclusive providers. smaller shipyards, however, have entered the market to build the
37
u.s. navy's new lcs. the u.s. navy must compete with other national priorities, including other defense activities and entitlement programs, for a share of federal budget funding.
the dod continues to adjust its procurement practices, requirements criteria and source selection methodology in an ongoing effort to reduce costs, gain efficiencies and enhance program management and control. the most recent initiatives are organized into eight major areas: achieve affordable programs; achieve dominant capabilities while controlling lifecycle costs; incentivize productivity in industry and government; incentivize innovation in industry and government; eliminate unproductive processes and bureaucracy; promote effective competition; improve tradecraft in acquisition of services; and improve the professionalism of the total acquisition workforce. while the impact to our business resulting from these initiatives remains uncertain, they could have a material impact on current programs, as well as new business opportunities with the dod. see risks related to our business in item 1a.
program descriptions for convenience, a brief description of certain programs discussed in this annual report on form 10-k is included in the glossary of programs.
contracts we generate most of our revenues from long-term u.s. government contracts for design, production and support activities. government contracts typically include the following cost elements: direct material, labor and subcontracting costs, and certain indirect costs, including allowable general and administrative expenses. unless otherwise specified in a contract, costs billed to contracts with the u.s. government are treated as allowable and allocable costs under the far and cas regulations. examples of costs incurred by us that are not allowable under the far and cas regulations include certain legal costs, lobbying costs, charitable donations, interest expense and advertising costs.
we monitor our policies and procedures with respect to our contracts on a regular basis to ensure consistent application under similar terms and conditions as well as compliance with all applicable government regulations. in addition, the dcaa routinely audits the costs we incur that are allocated to contracts with the u.s. government.
our long-term contracts typically fall into one of two broad categories:
   flexibly-priced contracts - includes both cost-type and fixed-price incentive contracts. cost-type contracts provide for reimbursement of the contractor's allowable costs plus a fee that represents profit. cost-type contracts generally require that the contractor use its reasonable efforts to accomplish the scope of the work within some specified time and some stated dollar limitation. fixed-price incentive contracts also provide for reimbursement of the contractor's allowable costs, but are subject to a cost-share limit that affects profitability. fixed-price incentive contracts effectively become firm fixed-price contracts once the cost-share limit is reached. approximately 94%, 98% and 98% of our revenues for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, were generated from flexibly-priced contracts, including certain fixed-price incentive contracts that have exceeded their cost-share limit.
   firm fixed-price contracts - a firm fixed-price contract is a contract in which the specified scope of work is agreed to for a price that is predetermined by bid or negotiation and not generally subject to adjustment regardless of costs incurred by the contractor. time and materials contracts, which specify a fixed hourly rate for each labor hour charged, are considered firm fixed-price contracts. approximately 6%, 2% and 2% of our revenues for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, were generated from firm fixed-price arrangements.
contract fees - negotiated contract fee structures for both flexibly-priced and firm fixed-price contracts include: fixed fee amounts, cost sharing arrangements to reward or penalize contractors for under or over cost target performance, respectively, positive award fees and negative penalty arrangements. profit margins may vary materially depending on the negotiated contract fee arrangements, percentage-of-completion of the contract, the achievement of performance objectives, and the stage of performance at which the right to receive fees, particularly under incentive and award fee contracts, is finally determined.
38
award fees - certain contracts contain award fees based on performance criteria such as cost, schedule, quality and technical performance. award fees are determined and earned based on an evaluation by the customer of our performance against such negotiated criteria. fees that we are reasonably assured of collecting and can be reasonably estimated are recorded over the performance period of the contract.
critical accounting policies, estimates, and judgments our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with gaap, which requires management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. management considers an accounting policy to be critical if it is important to our financial condition and results of operations, and if it requires significant judgment and estimates by management in its application. the development and selection of these critical accounting policies have been determined by our management. we have reviewed our critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors. due to the significant judgment involved in selecting certain of the assumptions used in these areas, it is possible that different parties could choose different assumptions and reach different conclusions. we consider the policies relating to the following matters to be critical accounting policies:
   revenue recognition;
   purchase accounting and goodwill;
   litigation, commitments and contingencies;
   retirement related plans; and
   workers' compensation.
revenue recognition overview - most of our revenues are derived from long-term contracts for the production of goods and services provided to the federal government, which are accounted for in conformity with gaap for construction-type and production-type contracts and federal government contractors. we have other types of contracts, such as services or commercial arrangements, for which revenues are recognized upon delivery or as services are rendered once persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the price is fixed or determinable, and collectibility is reasonably assured. costs related to these contracts are expensed as incurred. we classify contract revenues as product sales or service revenues depending on the predominant attributes of the relevant underlying contracts. we consider the nature of these contracts and the types of products and services provided when determining the proper accounting method for a particular contract.
percentage-of-completion accounting - we generally recognize revenues from our long-term contracts under the cost-to-cost measure of the percentage-of-completion method of accounting. the percentage-of-completion method recognizes income as work on a contract progresses. for most contracts, we calculate sales based on the percentage of costs incurred in relation to total estimated costs at completion of the contract ("eac"). for certain contracts with large up-front purchases of material, sales are calculated based on the percentage that direct labor costs incurred bear to total estimated direct labor costs at completion. for certain contracts that provide for deliveries of a substantial number of similar units, sales are accounted for using units of delivery as the basis to measure progress toward completion.
the use of the percentage-of-completion method depends on our ability to make reasonably dependable cost estimates for the design, manufacture, and delivery of our products and services. such costs are typically incurred over a period of several years, and estimation of these costs requires the use of judgment. we record sales under cost-type contracts as costs are incurred.
many contracts contain positive and negative profit incentives based upon performance relative to predetermined targets that may occur during or subsequent to delivery of the product. these incentives take the form of potential additional fees to be earned or penalties to be incurred. incentives and award fees that we are reasonably assured of collecting and can be reasonably estimated are recorded over the performance period of the contract. incentives and award fees that we are not reasonably assured of collecting or cannot be reasonably estimated are recorded when awarded or at such time as a reasonable estimate can be made.
39
at the start of each contract, we estimate an initial profit-booking rate that considers risks related to technical requirements and feasibility, schedule and contract costs. management then performs periodic reviews of our contracts in order to evaluate technical matters, schedule and contract costs. during the life of a contract, the profit-booking rate may increase as we are able to retire risks in connection with technical matters, schedule and contract costs. conversely, if we are not able to retire these risks, our eac may increase, resulting in a lower profit-booking rate.
changes in estimates of contract sales, costs and profits are recognized using the cumulative catch-up method of accounting. this method recognizes in the current period the cumulative effect of the changes on current and prior periods. hence, the effect of the changes in future periods of contract performance is recognized as if the revised estimate had been the original estimate. a significant change in an estimate on one or more contracts in a period could have a material effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations for that period.
for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, favorable and unfavorable cumulative catch-up adjustments were as follows:
year ended december 31
($ in millions)                 2014               2013                2012
gross favorable adjustments            $253                $220                $194
gross unfavorable adjustments           (31    )           (107    )           (132    )
net adjustments                        $222                $113                 $62
for the year ended december 31, 2014, favorable cumulative catch-up adjustments were primarily related to risk retirement on the ssn-774 virginia-class submarine program, the legend-class nsc program, the lpd-17 san antonio-class program, including delivered lpd ships, and the construction contract for cvn-78 gerald r. ford. during the same period, none of the unfavorable cumulative catch-up adjustments were individually significant.
for the year ended december 31, 2013, favorable cumulative catch-up adjustments were primarily related to the ssn-774 virginia-class submarine program, driven by risk retirement, performance improvement and the favorable resolution of outstanding contract changes, risk retirement on the execution contract for the cvn-71 uss theodore roosevelt rcoh, and risk retirement on the legend-class nsc program. for the same period, unfavorable cumulative catch-up adjustments were primarily related to the closing of our gulfport facility, costs and delays on lha-6 america associated with the remediation of mechanical issues identified during testing, as well as unfavorable performance on lpd-25 somerset, including costs and delays associated with repairing damage caused by underwater debris during preparation for sea trials.
for the year ended december 31, 2012, favorable cumulative catch-up adjustments were primarily the result of risk retirement on the ssn-774 virginia-class submarine program and the execution contract for the cvn-71 uss theodore roosevelt rcoh, the favorable resolution of outstanding contract changes on the cvn-65 uss enterprise edsra, as well as the receipt of $7 million in resolution of a contract dispute with a private party. for the same period, unfavorable cumulative catch-up adjustments were primarily related to higher than expected costs to complete lpd-24 uss arlington, as well as increased workers' compensation expense driven by discount rates.
cost estimation - the cost estimation process requires significant judgment and is based upon the professional knowledge and experience of our engineers, program managers and financial professionals. factors we consider in estimating the work to be completed and ultimate contract recovery include the availability, productivity and cost of labor, the nature and complexity of the work to be performed, the effect of change orders, the availability of materials, the effect of any delays in performance, the availability and timing of funding from the customer, and the recoverability of any claims included in the estimates to complete. a significant change in an estimate on one or more contracts in a period could have a material effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations for that period, and, where such changes occur, separate disclosure is made of the nature, underlying conditions and financial impact of the change. we update our contract cost estimates at least annually and more frequently as determined by events or circumstances. we review and assess our cost and revenue estimates for each significant contract on a quarterly basis.
we record a provision for the entire loss on a contract in the period the loss is determined when estimates of total costs to be incurred on the contract exceed estimates of total revenues to be earned. we offset loss provisions first
40
against costs that are included in unbilled accounts receivable or inventoried costs, with any remaining amount reflected in other current liabilities.
other considerations - defined benefit pension and other postretirement plan ("retirement related benefit plans") benefit costs are allocated to our contracts as allowed costs based upon cas. the cas requirements for retirement related benefit plans costs differ from the financial accounting standards ("fas") requirements. given the inability to match with reasonable certainty individual expense and income items between the cas and fas requirements to determine specific recoverability, we have not estimated the incremental fas income or expense recoverable under our expected future contract activity, and therefore did not defer any fas expense for retirement related benefit plans. the difference between fas and cas is therefore recorded as period income or expense within general and administrative expenses. this resulted in a cas cost in excess of fas expense of $72 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, and fas expense in excess of cas cost of $61 million and $80 million for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
purchase accounting and goodwill overview - goodwill represents the purchase price paid in excess of the fair value of identifiable net tangible and intangible assets acquired in a business combination. the amount of our goodwill as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, was $1,026 million and $881 million, respectively.
tests for impairment - we perform impairment tests for goodwill as of november 30 of each year, or when evidence of potential impairment exists. when testing goodwill, we first compare the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value. if the fair value of the reporting unit is determined to be less than the carrying value, we perform a second step to estimate the fair value of goodwill, based in part on the fair value of the underlying operations. we record a charge to operations when we determine that the recorded amount of goodwill exceeds its fair value during this second step.
we estimate the fair value of each reporting unit using a combination of discounted cash flow analysis and market based valuation methodologies. determining fair value requires the exercise of significant judgment, including judgments about projected revenues, operating expenses, working capital investment, capital expenditures and cash flows over a multi-year period. the discount rate applied to our forecasts of future cash flows is based on our estimated weighted average cost of capital. in assessing the reasonableness of our determined fair values, we evaluate our results against our market capitalization. changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and/or goodwill impairment for each reporting unit.
november 30, 2014 impairment test - we performed our annual goodwill impairment testing as of november 30, 2014, and determined that goodwill at our other segment was impaired by $47 million. the other segment, established in the second quarter of 2014 following the acquisition of upi, is sensitive to developments in the oil and gas industry. the goodwill impairment charge was primarily driven by the recent drop in oil prices and the resulting decrease in industry market multiples. we determined that the estimated fair value of our remaining reporting units significantly exceeded their corresponding carrying values as of november 30, 2014.
litigation, commitments and contingencies overview - we are subject to a range of claims, lawsuits, environmental and income tax matters and administrative proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. estimating liabilities and costs associated with these matters requires judgment and assessment based upon professional knowledge and the experience of management and our internal and external legal counsel. in accordance with our practices relating to accounting for contingencies, we record amounts as charges to earnings when we determine, after taking into consideration the facts and circumstances of each matter, including any settlement offers, that it is probable a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. the ultimate resolution of any such exposure may vary from earlier estimates as further facts and circumstances become known.
environmental accruals - we are subject to the environmental laws and regulations of the jurisdictions in which we conduct operations. we record a liability for the costs of expected environmental remediation obligations when we determine that it is probable we will incur such costs and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated. when a range of costs is possible and no amount within that range is a better estimate than another, we record the minimum amount of the range.
41
factors that could result in changes to the assessment of probability, range of estimated costs and environmental accruals include: modification of planned remedial actions, increase or decrease in the estimated time required to remediate, discovery of more extensive contamination than anticipated, results of efforts to involve other legally responsible parties, financial insolvency of other responsible parties, changes in laws and regulations or contractual obligations affecting remediation requirements and improvements in remediation technology. although we cannot predict whether new information gained as remediation projects progress will materially affect the accrued liability, we do not believe that future remediation expenditures will have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
asset retirement obligations - we record all known asset retirement obligations for which the liability's fair value can be reasonably estimated, including certain asbestos removal, asset decommissioning and contractual lease restoration obligations. recorded amounts as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, were $22 million and $25 million, respectively, and consist primarily of obligations associated with the wind down of shipbuilding operations at our avondale facility. see note 2: summary of significant accounting policies in item 8.
we also have known conditional asset retirement obligations related to assets currently in use, such as certain asbestos remediation and asset decommissioning activities to be performed in the future, that were not reasonably estimable as of december 31, 2014, due to insufficient information about the timing and method of settlement of the obligation. accordingly, the fair value of these obligations has not been recorded in the consolidated financial statements. environmental remediation and/or asset decommissioning of these facilities may be required when we cease to utilize these facilities. in addition, there may be conditional environmental asset retirement obligations that we have not yet discovered (for example, asbestos of which we have not become aware through normal business operations may exist in certain buildings), and these obligations have, therefore, not been included in our consolidated financial statements.
litigation accruals - litigation accruals are recorded as charges to earnings when management has determined, after taking into consideration the facts and circumstances of each matter, including any settlement offers, that it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. the ultimate resolution of any exposure may vary from earlier estimates as further facts and circumstances become known. based upon the information available, we believe that the resolution of any of these various claims and legal proceedings will not have a material effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
uncertain tax positions - uncertain tax positions meeting the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold, based on the merits of the position, are recognized in the financial statements. we recognize the amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. if a tax position does not meet the minimum statutory threshold to avoid payment of penalties, we recognize an expense for the amount of the penalty in the period the tax position is claimed or expected to be claimed in our tax return. penalties and accrued interest related to uncertain tax positions are recognized as a component of income tax expense. see note 13: income taxes in item 8. changes in accruals associated with uncertain tax positions are recorded in earnings in the period they are determined.
retirement related plans we recognize, on a plan-by-plan basis, the funded status of our retirement related plans as an asset or liability on our balance sheet, with corresponding adjustments to after-tax accumulated other comprehensive income, and deferred tax assets or liabilities. the funded status represents the difference between the benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets. see note 18: employee pension and other postretirement benefits in item 8.
we calculate our retirement related benefit plan costs under both cas and fas. the calculations under cas and fas require significant judgment. cas prescribes the determination, allocation, and recovery of retirement related benefit plan costs on u.s. government contracts through the pricing of products and services. fas outlines the methodology used to determine retirement related benefit plan expense or income, as well as the liability, for financial reporting purposes. the cas requirements for these costs and their calculation methodologies differ from fas. as a result, while both cas and fas use assumptions in their calculation methodologies, each method results in different calculated amounts of retirement related benefit plan costs.
42
the cash funding requirements for our qualified pension plans are determined under the employee retirement income security act of 1974 ("erisa"), which is primarily based on the year's expected service cost and amortization of other previously unfunded liabilities. effective january 1, 2011, we were subject to the funding requirements under the pension protection act of 2006 ("ppa"), which amended erisa. under the ppa, we are required to fully fund our pension plans over a rolling seven-year period as determined annually based upon the funded status at the beginning of each year. ppa also introduced a variety of benefit restrictions that apply if a plan falls below different funded percentages, as defined by the internal revenue code. among various items, we consider both the minimum funding requirements and the funded status of each plan from the perspective of potential benefit restrictions in developing our contribution schedule in a given year, and we may make additional discretionary contributions beyond minimum funding requirements.
during 2012, the moving ahead for progress in the 21st century act ("map-21") was enacted. map-21 included provisions for potential pension relief to plan sponsors in the form of higher interest rate assumptions that were used to determine minimum funding requirements. the relief derived from these provisions was to be phased out to lower levels over the next few years. the enactment of highway and transportation funding act ("hatfa") in 2014 provided for the continuation of higher interest rate assumptions used to determine minimum funding requirements and extended the phase-out period. we consider the effects of legislation such as map-21 and hafta in the context of current year and future projected funded status levels in deciding on the level of contributions to make to our plans each year.
we record cas retirement related benefits cost in the results of our business segments, and we include the fas expense for these benefits in total operating income under gaap. due to the differences between fas and cas amounts, we also present the difference between fas expense and cas cost, referred to as our fas/cas adjustment, to reconcile segment operating income to total operating income on a consolidated basis under gaap. due to the foregoing differences in requirements and calculation methodologies, our fas pension expense is not necessarily indicative of the funding requirements under ppa or the amounts we recover from the u.s. government under cas.
when ppa was enacted, it was anticipated that the amounts required to be funded would exceed government contractors' recovery of those costs under cas. to remedy this cash flow misalignment, on december 27, 2011, the u.s. cost accounting standards board issued its final cas harmonization rule ("harmonization"). harmonization is intended to improve the alignment of the pension cost recovered through contract pricing under cas and the pension funding requirements under the ppa. harmonization became effective for forward pricing purposes for contracts negotiated on or after february 27, 2012. under harmonization, only contracts entered into before the effective date qualify for an equitable adjustment. price proposals for cas covered contracts awarded on or after the effective date of february 27, 2012, reflect the effects of the rule. harmonization affects pension costs on contracts, with initial effects beginning in 2013. our recoverable cas pension costs allocable to our contracts increased in 2014, and we expect recoveries to continue to increase during the phase-in period ending in 2017. our cas pension cost recoveries are expected to remain unaffected by the pension relief provisions offered under map-21 and hatfa because of the permitted method we use to determine the interest rate under harmonization.
assumptions - we account for our retirement related benefit plans on the accrual basis under fas. the measurements of obligations, costs, assets and liabilities require significant judgment. the key assumptions in these measurements are the interest rate used to discount future benefit payments and the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets.
discount rate - the assumed discount rate under fas is used to determine the current retirement related benefit plan expense and obligations, and represents the hypothetical rate at which the plans' benefit obligations could be effectively settled at the measurement date. consequently, the discount rate can be volatile from year to year. the discount rate assumption is determined for each plan by constructing a portfolio of high quality bonds with cash flows that match the estimated outflows for future benefit payments to determine a single equivalent discount rate. benefit payments are not only contingent on the terms of a plan, but also on the underlying participant demographics, including current age and assumed mortality. we use only bonds that are denominated in u.s. dollars, are rated aa or better by nationally recognized statistical rating agencies, have a minimum outstanding issue of $100 million as of the measurement date, and are not callable, convertible or index-linked. since bond yields are generally unavailable beyond 30 years, we assume those rates will remain constant beyond that point.
43
taking into consideration the factors noted above, our weighted average discount rate for pensions was 4.34% and 5.27% as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. our weighted average discount rate for other postretirement benefits was 4.22% and 5.03% as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
expected long-term rate of return - the expected long-term rate of return on assets is used to calculate net periodic expense, and is based on such factors as historical returns, targeted asset allocations, investment policy, duration, expected future long-term performance of individual asset classes, interest rates, inflation, portfolio volatility, investment management and administrative fees, and risk management strategies. while studies are helpful in understanding past and current trends and performance, the assumption is based more on longer term and prospective views to avoid short-term market influences. historical plan asset performance alone has inherent limitations in predicting future returns. unless plan assets and benefit obligations are subject to remeasurement during the year, the expected return on pension assets is based on the fair value of plan assets at the beginning of the year. since 2013, we have used a 7.50% expected long-term rate of return assumption to record pension expense. we will continue to use this 7.50% assumption for recording 2015 fas pension expense. we assess this assumption at least annually.
mortality - mortality assumptions are used to determine the retirement related benefit obligations and expense, and represent the likelihood and duration of benefit payments to plan participants based on historical and projected longevity experience. we periodically assess the reasonableness of our mortality assumptions. as of december 31, 2014, we updated our mortality assumptions to reflect our recent mortality experience and the anticipated effects of future mortality improvements. the effect of the changes in the mortality assumptions increased our december 31, 2014, pension related benefit obligations by approximately $54 million or 1%. the impact on other postretirement benefits was not material. the increase was treated as an actuarial loss and subject to amortization in future periods as described below. we anticipate reflecting updated mortality assumptions in our 2015 cas costs. if the irs publishes updated mortality tables for funding purposes, our pension contributions could be affected.
differences arising from actual experience or changes in assumptions might materially affect retirement related benefit plan obligations and the funded status. actuarial gains and losses arising from differences from actual experience or changes in assumptions are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income. this unrecognized amount is amortized as a component of net expense to the extent it exceeds 10% of the greater of the plan's benefit obligation or plan assets. the amortization period for actuarial gains and losses is the estimated average remaining service life of the plan participants, which is approximately 10 years. in 2014, the actual return on assets was approximately 10.1%, which was higher than the expected return assumption of 7.50%. for the year ended december 31, 2014, the weighted average discount rates for our pension and other postretirement benefit plans decreased by 93 and 81 basis points, respectively. these differences in asset returns and discount rates resulted in a combined net actuarial loss of approximately $644 million.
an increase or decrease of 25 basis points in the discount rate and the expected long-term rate of return assumptions would have had the following approximate impacts on pensions:
($ in millions)          increase (decrease) in 2015 expense        increase (decrease) in december 31, 2014 obligations
25 basis point decrease in discount rate                            $23                                                  $221
25 basis point increase in discount rate                            (22             )                                    (208                   )
25 basis point decrease in expected return on assets   12
25 basis point increase in expected return on assets                            (12             )
a $50 million pension contribution is generally expected to favorably impact the current year expected return on assets by approximately $2 million, depending on the timing of the contribution.
cas cost - in addition to providing the methodology for calculating retirement related benefit plan costs, cas also prescribes the method for assigning those costs to specific periods. while the ultimate liability for such costs under fas and cas is similar, the pattern of cost recognition is different. the key drivers of cas pension cost include the funded status and the method used to calculate cas reimbursement for each of our plans, as well as our expected long-term rate of return on assets assumption. a plan's cas pension cost can only be allocated until the plan is fully funded as defined under the cas requirements.
44
through 2013, cas required the discount rate to be consistent with the expected long-term rate of return on assets assumption, which changed infrequently given its long-term nature. as a result, short-term changes in bond or other interest rates generally did not impact cas costs. under harmonization the liability used to determine cas cost is developed by comparing the liability under the previous cas methodology and assumptions to a liability based on a discount rate derived from yields on high quality bonds. when harmonization is fully phased in, the greater of the two liabilities will be used for cas cost calculations. generally, liabilities based on a discount rate of high quality bonds will be higher than liabilities calculated prior to harmonization. the four year phase in period commencing in 2014 requires the use of a blend of the pre and post harmonization liabilities. we expect our allocable cas costs to increase under harmonization as the regulation was intended.
other fas and cas considerations - a key driver of the difference between fas expense and cas cost (and consequently the fas/cas adjustment) is the pattern of earnings and expense recognition for gains and losses that arise when our asset and liability experiences differ from our assumptions under each set of requirements. under fas, our net gains and losses exceeding the 10% corridor are amortized over the employee's average future service life of approximately 10 years. under cas, net gains and losses were amortized over a 15-year period without regard to a corridor approach. under harmonization, the amortization period for cas changed to 10 years for gains and losses experienced beginning in 2013. both fas and cas use a "market-related value" of plan assets approach to calculate the amount of deferred asset gains or losses to be amortized. under cas actual asset gains and losses are systematically spread over five years, subject to certain limitations. for fas, we do not use this spreading method, and instead use fair value in determining our fas expenses. accordingly, fas expense generally reflects recent gains and losses faster than cas.
additionally, cas cost is only recognized for plans that are not fully funded as defined under cas. if a plan becomes or ceases to be fully funded due to our asset or liability experience, our cas cost will change accordingly. we update our estimates of future fas expense and cas cost at least annually based on factors such as actual calendar year plan asset returns, actual census data, and other actual and projected experience.
the fas/cas adjustment in 2014 was a net benefit of $72 million, compared to a net expense of $61 million in 2013. the favorable change was driven by lower fas expense due primarily to higher discount rates and plan assets at the end of 2013, the full year effect of the 2013 postretirement benefits amendment, and the phase-in of harmonization. the fas/cas adjustment in 2013 was a net expense of $61 million, compared to a net expense of $80 million in 2012. the favorable change was driven by increased cas cost, partially offset by increased fas expense. the increase in fas expense was due primarily to commencing the amortization in 2013 of the net actuarial losses incurred in 2012, partially offset by the impact of the remeasurement in 2013 of our postretirement benefit plans. our projection of the 2015 fas/cas adjustment is discussed in consolidated operating results - operating income.
retirement plan assets - retirement plan assets are stated at fair value. investments in equity securities (common and preferred) are valued at the last reported sales price when an active market exists. investments in fixed-income securities are generally valued based on market transactions for comparable securities and various relationships between securities that are generally recognized by institutional traders. investments in hedge funds, real estate investment funds, collective trust funds, and commingled funds are generally valued at their net asset values ("nav") or equivalent, which are based on the current fair value of the fund's underlying assets.
management reviews independently appraised values, audited financial statements and additional pricing information to evaluate the nav or its equivalent. for the very limited group of investments for which market quotations are not readily available or for which the above valuation procedures are deemed not to reflect fair value, additional information is obtained from the investment manager and evaluated internally to determine whether any adjustments are required to reflect fair value.
accumulated other comprehensive income - we record in accumulated other comprehensive income unrecognized gains and losses, as well as unrecognized prior service costs and credits, arising from our retirement related plans. as disclosed in note 18: employee pension and other postretirement benefits in item 8, net pre-tax unrecognized losses as of december 31, 2014 and 2013 were $1,447 million and $897 million, respectively. these net deferred losses primarily originated from changes in the discount rate, differences between estimated and expected asset returns, and changes in demographic assumptions and experience. the increase in these losses in 2014 was primarily driven by a decrease in the discount rates, which accounted for $759 million, offset by $115 million of 2014 actual asset returns being greater than expected, and $52 million of amortization of previously unrecognized losses.
45
net pre-tax unrecognized prior service costs (credits) as of december 31, 2014 and 2013 were $(20) million and $(28) million, respectively. these net deferred costs (credits) primarily originated from plan amendments, including those resulting from collective bargaining agreements. the decrease in unrecognized prior service costs (credits) in 2014 primarily resulted from amortization of previously accumulated prior service costs (credits).
the amortization period for qualifying unrecognized prior service costs and credits and unrecognized gains/losses is the estimated remaining service lives of our employees, which is approximately 10 years.
workers' compensation our operations are subject to federal and state workers' compensation laws. we maintain self-insured workers' compensation plans, in addition to participating in federally administered second injury workers' compensation funds. we estimate the required liability for such claims and funding requirements on a discounted basis utilizing actuarial methods based on various assumptions, which include our historical loss experience and projected loss development factors. we periodically, and at least annually, update our assumptions based on an actuarial analysis. related self-insurance accruals include the liability for reported claims and an estimated accrual for claims incurred but not reported. during the year ended december 31, 2012, we recorded $34 million in workers' compensation expense due to a lower discount rate of 1.59%. our workers' compensation liability was discounted at 2.48% and 2.16% as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, based on future payment streams and a risk-free rate. we estimate a 100 basis points increase or decrease in the discount rate would change our workers' compensation liability by $(48) million and $58 million, respectively. the workers' compensation benefit obligation on an undiscounted basis was $846 million and $792 million as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
accounting standards updates see note 3: accounting standards updates in item 8 for information related to accounting standards updates.
consolidated operating results selected financial highlights are presented in the following table:
year ended december 31                      2014 over 2013                      2013 over 2012
($ in millions)                                               2014                  2013                  2012            dollars          percent            dollars          percent sales and service revenues                             $6,957                $6,820                $6,708               $137               2     %          $112               2     %
cost of product sales and service revenues              5,540                 5,583                 5,629                (43    )         (1    )%           (46    )         (1    )%
income (loss) from operating investments, net              11                    14                    18                 (3    )        (21    )%            (4    )        (22    )%
general and administrative expenses                       726                   739                   739                (13    )         (2    )%             -               -     %
goodwill impairment                                        47                     -                     -                 47               -     %             -               -     %
operating income (loss)                                   655                   512                   358                143              28     %           154              43     %
interest expense                                          149                   118                   117                 31              26     %             1               1     %
other income                                                1                     -                     -                  1               -                   -               -     %
federal and foreign income taxes                          169                   133                    95                 36              27     %            38              40     %
net earnings (loss)                                      $338                  $261                  $146                $77              30     %          $115              79     %
operating performance assessment and reporting we manage and assess the performance of our business based on our performance on individual contracts and programs using the financial measures referred to below, with consideration given to the critical accounting policies, estimates, and judgments referred to in this section. our portfolio of long-term contracts is largely flexibly-priced. therefore, sales tend to fluctuate in concert with costs across our large portfolio of active contracts, with operating income being a critical measure of operating performance. under far rules that govern our business with the u.s. government, most types of costs are allowable, and we do not focus on individual cost groupings, such as cost of sales or general and administrative expenses, as much as we do on total contract costs, which are a key factor in determining contract operating income. as a result, in evaluating our operating performance, we look primarily at changes in sales and service revenues, as well as operating income, including the effects of significant
46
changes in operating income as a result of changes in contract estimates and the use of the cumulative catch-up method of accounting in accordance with gaap. this approach is consistent with the long-term life cycle of our contracts, as management assesses the bidding of each contract by focusing on net sales and operating profit and monitors performance in a similar manner through contract completion. consequently, our discussion of business segment performance focuses on net sales and operating profit, consistent with our approach for managing our business.
cost of sales for both product sales and service revenues consist of materials, labor and subcontracting costs, as well as an allocation of indirect costs for overhead. we manage the type and amount of costs at the contract level, which is the basis for estimating our total costs at completion of our contracts. unusual fluctuations in operating performance driven by changes in a specific cost element across multiple contracts are described in our analysis.
sales and service revenues sales and service revenues consist of the following:
year ended december 31                      2014 over 2013                     2013 over 2012
($ in millions)              2014                 2013                                 2012            dollars          percent           dollars          percent product sales                       $5,712                $5,801                $5,755               $(89    )         (2    )%          $46               1     %
service revenues                     1,245                 1,019                   953        226                      22     %   66                       7     %
sales and service revenues          $6,957                $6,820                $6,708               $137               2     %         $112               2     %
2014 - product sales in 2014 decreased $89 million, or 2%, from 2013. product sales at our ingalls segment decreased $139 million in 2014, primarily due to lower volumes in amphibious assault ships, partially offset by higher volumes in the legend-class nsc program and surface combatants. newport news product sales increased $50 million in 2014, as a result of higher volumes in submarines and energy, partially offset by lower volumes in aircraft carriers.
service revenues in 2014 increased $226 million, or 22%, from 2013. service revenues at our ingalls segment decreased $15 million in 2014, as a result of lower volumes in amphibious assault ships and surface combatants services. service revenues at our newport news segment increased $104 million in 2014, primarily as a result of the acquisition of sn3, as well as higher volumes in aircraft carriers services, partially offset by lower volumes in fleet support services. service revenues at our other segment were $137 million in 2014, primarily due to the acquisition of upi.
2013 - product sales in 2013 increased $46 million, or 1%, from 2012. product sales at our ingalls segment decreased $80 million in 2013, primarily due to lower volumes in amphibious assault ships, partially offset by higher volumes in the legend-class nsc program and surface combatants. newport news product sales increased $126 million in 2013, as a result of higher volumes in aircraft carriers and submarines.
service revenues in 2013 increased $66 million, or 7%, from 2012. service revenues at our ingalls segment decreased $10 million in 2013, due to lower volumes in surface combatants services. service revenues at our newport news segment increased $76 million in 2013, primarily due to higher volumes in fleet support and aircraft carrier services.
47
cost of sales and service revenues cost of product sales, cost of service revenues, income from operating investments, net, and general and administrative expenses were as follows:
year ended december 31       2014 over 2013                     2013 over 2012
($ in millions)                                               2014                  2013                  2012       dollars               percent      dollars               percent cost of product sales                                  $4,489                $4,695                $4,827            $(206     )          (4   )%       $(132     )          (3   )%
% of product sales                                       78.6    %             80.9    %             83.9    %       -                                  -
cost of service revenues                                1,051                   888                   802                163              18   %     86                      11   %
% of service revenues                                    84.4    %             87.1    %             84.2    %       -                                  -
income (loss) from operating investments, net              11                    14                    18            (3        )         (21   )%       (4        )         (22   )%
general and administrative expenses                       726                   739                   739            (13       )          (2   )%       -                     -   %
% of total sales and service revenues                    10.4    %             10.8    %             11.0    %       -                                  -
goodwill impairment                                        47                     -                     -                 47               -   %        -                     -   %
cost of sales and service revenues                     $6,302                $6,308                $6,350            $(6       )           -   %        $(42      )          (1   )%
cost of product sales
2014 - cost of product sales in 2014 decreased $206 million, or 4%, compared to 2013. cost of product sales at our ingalls segment decreased $236 million in 2014, primarily due to performance improvement on the lpd-17 san antonio-class program and the lower sales volumes described above. cost of product sales at our newport news segment increased $30 million in 2014, primarily due to higher sales volumes described above and year-to-year variances in contract mix. cost of product sales as a percentage of product sales declined from 80.9% in 2013 to 78.6% in 2014, primarily driven by performance improvement on the lpd-17 san antonio-class program and risk retirement on the legend-class nsc program.
2013 - cost of product sales in 2013 decreased $132 million, or 3%, compared to 2012. cost of product sales at our ingalls segment decreased $180 million in 2013, primarily due to the impact of hurricane insurance recoveries and lower volumes in amphibious assault ships, partially offset by higher volumes in the legend-class nsc program and surface combatants. cost of product sales at our newport news segment increased $48 million in 2013, primarily due to higher volumes in aircraft carriers, partially offset by lower costs on the ssn-774 virginia-class submarine program driven by performance improvement, and the absence in 2013 of the workers' compensation expense adjustment recorded in 2012. cost of product sales as a percentage of product sales declined from 83.9% in 2012 to 80.9% in 2013, primarily due to the impact of hurricane insurance recoveries, the ssn-774 virginia-class submarine program, driven by risk retirement, performance improvement and the favorable resolution of outstanding contract changes, as well as risk retirement on the execution contract for the cvn-71 uss theodore roosevelt rcoh and the absence in 2013 of the workers' compensation expense adjustment recorded in 2012.
cost of service revenues
2014 - cost of service revenues in 2014 increased $163 million, or 18%, compared to 2013. cost of service revenues at our ingalls segment decreased $20 million in 2014, consistent with the volume changes described above. cost of service revenues at our newport news segment increased $61 million in 2014, primarily as a result of the higher volumes described above, partially offset by the impact of a change in our contract mix following the acquisition of sn3. cost of service revenues at our other segment were $122 million in 2014, primarily resulting from the acquisition of upi. cost of service revenues as a percentage of service revenues declined from 87.1% in 2013 to 84.4% in 2014, due to year-to-year variances in contract mix primarily resulting from the acquisition of sn3.
2013 - cost of service revenues in 2013 increased $86 million, or 11%, compared to 2012. cost of service revenues at our ingalls segment decreased $10 million in 2013, as a result of the lower volumes described above. cost of service revenues at our newport news segment increased $96 million in 2013, primarily as a result of the higher volumes described above. cost of service revenues as a percentage of service revenues increased from 84.2% in 2012 to 87.1% in 2013, primarily due to the favorable resolution in 2012 of outstanding contract changes, as well as normal year-to-year variances in contract mix.
48
income (loss) from operating investments, net the activities of our operating investments are closely aligned with the operations of the segments holding the investments. we therefore record income related to earnings from equity method investments in our operating income.
2014 - income from operating investments, net decreased $3 million, or 21%, to $11 million in 2014 from $14 million in 2013. the decrease resulted from lower equity income from our savannah river nuclear solutions, llc investment.
2013 - income from operating investments, net decreased $4 million, or 22%, to $14 million in 2013 from $18 million in 2012. the decrease was a result of reduced work funded by the american reinvestment and recovery act at our savannah river nuclear solutions, llc investment.
general and administrative expenses in accordance with industry practice and the regulations that govern the cost accounting requirements for government contracts, most general and administrative expenses are considered allowable and allocable costs on government contracts. these costs are allocated to contracts in progress on a systematic basis and contract performance factors include this cost component as an element of cost.
2014 - general and administrative expenses in 2014 decreased $13 million, or 2%, compared to 2013. this decrease was primarily the result of a favorable change in the fas/cas adjustment, partially offset by increases resulting from the amortization of avondale restructuring costs, the inclusion of upi and sn3, and higher state tax expense.
2013 - general and administrative expenses remained constant in 2013 compared to 2012. this was primarily the result of favorable variances in deferred state tax expense and the fas/cas adjustment offsetting increases in current state tax expense, legal expenses, and bid and proposal efforts.
goodwill impairment as discussed above in critical accounting policies, estimates and judgments, we perform impairment tests for goodwill as of november 30 each year, or when evidence of potential impairment exists. we record a charge to operations when we determine that an impairment has occurred.
2014 - we recorded a goodwill impairment charge in 2014 of $47 million in our other segment. see note 12: goodwill and other purchased intangible assets in item 8.
2013 - we did not record any goodwill impairment charge during 2013.
2012 - we did not record any goodwill impairment charge during 2012.
operating income we consider operating income to be an important measure for evaluating our operating performance, and, as is typical in the industry, we define operating income as revenues less the related cost of producing the revenues and general and administrative expenses.
we internally manage our operations by reference to "segment operating income," which is defined as operating income before the fas/cas adjustment and deferred state income taxes, neither of which affects segment performance. segment operating income is not a recognized measure under gaap.  when analyzing our operating performance, investors should use segment operating income in addition to, and not as an alternative for, total operating income or any other performance measure presented in accordance with gaap. it is a metric that we use to evaluate our core operating performance.  we believe that segment operating income reflects an additional way of viewing aspects of our operations that, when viewed with our gaap results, provides a more complete understanding of factors and trends affecting our business. we believe the measure is used by investors and is a
49
useful indicator to measure our performance. because not all companies use identical calculations, our presentation of segment operating income may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies.
the following table reconciles segment operating income to total operating income:
year ended december 31                       2014 over 2013                     2013 over 2012
($ in millions)                               2014                2013   2012                         dollars           percent           dollars          percent segment operating income (loss)          $585                $567                $457                $18                3     %         $110              24     %
fas/cas adjustment                         72                 (61    )            (80    )   133                      218     %           19              24     %
deferred state income taxes                (2    )              6                 (19    )            (8    )        (133    )%           25             132     %
total operating income (loss)            $655                $512                $358               $143               28     %         $154              43     %
segment operating income
2014 - segment operating income in 2014 was $585 million, compared to $567 million in 2013. the increase was primarily due to performance improvement and risk retirement on the lpd-17 san antonio-class program and the legend-class nsc program, as well as the unfavorable impact in the prior year of the gulfport facility closure, partially offset by the goodwill impairment charge described above and the favorable impact in the prior year of hurricane insurance recoveries.
2013 - segment operating income in 2013 was $567 million, compared to $457 million in 2012. the increase was primarily due to the impact of hurricane insurance recoveries, the ssn-774 virginia-class submarine program, driven by risk retirement, performance improvement and the favorable resolution of outstanding contract changes, as well as risk retirement on the execution contract for the cvn-71 uss theodore roosevelt rcoh and the absence in 2013 of the workers' compensation expense adjustment recorded in 2012, partially offset by the impact of closing our gulfport facility and the favorable resolution in 2012 of outstanding contract changes.
activity within each segment is discussed in segment operating results below.
fas/cas adjustment the fas/cas adjustment represents the difference between our pension and postretirement plan expense under fas and under cas.
year ended december 31                     2014 over 2013                     2013 over 2012
($ in millions)                  2014                2013                2012           dollars          percent           dollars          percent fas expense                $(155    )        $(257     )         $(228     )          $102              40     %         $(29    )        (13    )%
cas cost                     227                 196                 148        31                      16     %   48                      32     %
fas/cas adjustment           $72             $(61      )         $(80      )          $133             218     %          $19              24     %
2014 - the fas/cas adjustment in 2014 was a net benefit of $72 million, compared to a net expense of $61 million in 2013. the favorable change was driven by lower fas expense, due primarily to higher discount rates and plan assets at the end of 2013, the full year effect of the 2013 postretirement benefits amendment, and the phase-in of harmonization.
2013 - the fas/cas adjustment in 2013 was a net expense of $61 million, compared to a net expense of $80 million in 2012. the favorable change was driven by increased cas cost, partially offset by increased fas expense. the increase in fas expense was due primarily to commencing the amortization in 2013 of the net actuarial losses incurred in 2012, partially offset by the impact of the remeasurement in 2013 of our postretirement benefit plans.
we expect the fas/cas adjustment in 2015 to be a net benefit of approximately $111 million, primarily driven by the continued phase-in of harmonization, favorable 2014 asset returns, and a partial offset due to lower fas discount rates. the expected fas/cas adjustment is subject to update during 2015, when we remeasure our actuarial estimate of the unfunded benefit obligation for cas with final 2014 asset returns and census data and other items, such as a plan amendment that might trigger a remeasurement during 2015.
50
deferred state income taxes deferred state income taxes reflect the change in deferred state tax assets and liabilities in the relevant period. these amounts are recorded within operating income, while the current period state income tax expense is charged to contract costs and included in cost of sales and service revenues in segment operating income.
2014 - the deferred state income tax expense in 2014 was $2 million, compared to a benefit of $6 million in 2013. this change was primarily attributable to non-recurring adjustments related to establishing a valuation allowance for a state tax loss carryforward and the true-up of 2013 deferred taxes. these increases were partially offset by changes in the timing of contract taxable income and reserves that are not currently deductible for tax purposes.
2013 - the deferred state income taxes benefit in 2013 was $6 million, compared to an expense of $19 million in 2012. this change was primarily attributable to the recognition of previously deferred tax losses on contracts, which increased 2012 deferred state tax expense. deferred state taxes in 2013 were favorably impacted by pension related changes and increases in reserves.
interest expense
2014 - interest expense in 2014 was $149 million, compared to $118 million in 2013. the increase was primarily a result of a loss on the early extinguishment of debt in the fourth quarter of 2014. see note 14: debt.
2013 - interest expense remained relatively constant in 2013 at $118 million, compared to $117 million in 2012.
federal income taxes
2014 - our effective tax rate on earnings from continuing operations was 33.3% in 2014, compared to 33.8% in 2013. the decrease in our effective tax rate for 2014 was primarily attributable to an increase in the domestic manufacturing deduction, partially offset by the amount of the goodwill impairment that is not deductible for tax purposes.
2013 - our effective tax rate on earnings from continuing operations was 33.8% in 2013, compared to 39.4% in 2012. the 2012 tax rate included the impact of an $8 million unfavorable non-cash tax adjustment arising under the tax matters agreement with northrop grumman, which requires indemnification between us and northrop grumman for aggregate tax adjustments exceeding a certain threshold for periods prior to the spin-off. see note 13: income taxes in item 8. excluding this adjustment, the effective tax rate for 2012 was 36.1%. the decrease in our effective tax rate for 2013 was primarily attributable to an increase in the domestic manufacturing deduction and enactment of the american taxpayer relief act in january 2013, which retroactively extended the research and development tax credit through the end of 2013. our effective tax rate for 2013 reflects the entire 2012 income tax benefit for the research and development tax credit, which expired at the end of 2011.
segment operating results basis of presentation we are aligned into three reportable segments: ingalls, newport news, and other. we established the other segment in the second quarter of 2014 to account for certain of our non-shipbuilding commercial activities. in the first quarter of 2014, we realigned our segments in order to optimize our operating structure. as a result of this realignment, our amsec and continental maritime of san diego ("cmsd") businesses were transferred from the ingalls segment to the newport news segment. we have reflected the 2014 realignment in prior financial reporting periods on an as-if basis, which has resulted in the transfer of revenue, operating profit, assets, and liabilities between the ingalls and newport news segments. none of these changes impacted our previously reported consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
on may 30, 2014, we completed the acquisition of upi. we report the post-acquisition results of operations, financial position, and cash flows of upi as part of our other segment. on january 2, 2014, we completed the acquisition of sn3. sn3's post-acquisition results of operations, financial position, and cash flows are reported within our newport news segment.
51
year ended december 31                       2014 over 2013                      2013 over 2012
($ in millions)                                                       2014                  2013                  2012            dollars           percent            dollars          percent sales and service revenues ingalls                                                        $2,286                $2,441                $2,532              $(155    )          (6    )%          $(91    )         (4    )%
newport news                                                    4,536                 4,382                 4,180                154                4     %           202               5     %
other                                                             137                     -                     -                137                -     %             -               -     %
intersegment eliminations                                          (2    )               (3    )               (4    )             1               33     %             1              25     %
total sales and service revenues                               $6,957                $6,820                $6,708               $137                2     %          $112               2     %
operating income (loss)
ingalls                                                          $229                  $165                   $85                $64               39     %           $80              94     %
newport news                                                      415                   402                   372                 13                3     %            30               8     %
other                                                             (59    )                -                     -                (59    )           -     %             -               -     %
total segment operating income (loss)                             585                   567                   457                 18                3     %           110              24     %
non-segment factors affecting operating income (loss)
fas/cas adjustment                                                 72                   (61    )              (80    )           133              218     %            19              24     %
deferred state income taxes                                        (2    )                6                   (19    )            (8    )        (133    )%            25             132     %
total operating income (loss)                                    $655                  $512                  $358               $143               28     %          $154              43     %
key segment financial measures sales and service revenues period-to-period revenues reflect performance under new and ongoing contracts. changes in sales and service revenues are typically expressed in terms of volume. unless otherwise described, volume generally refers to increases (or decreases) in reported revenues due to varying production activity levels, delivery rates or service levels on individual contracts. volume changes will typically carry a corresponding income change based on the margin rate for a particular contract.
segment operating income segment operating income reflects the aggregate performance results of contracts within a segment. excluded from this measure are certain costs not directly associated with contract performance, including the fas/cas adjustment and deferred state income taxes. changes in segment operating income are typically expressed in terms of volume, as discussed above, or performance. performance refers to changes in contract margin rates. these changes typically relate to profit recognition associated with revisions to eac that reflect improved (or deteriorated) operating performance on a particular contract. operating income changes are accounted for on a cumulative to date basis at the time an eac change is recorded. segment operating income may also be affected by, among other things, contract performance, the effects of workforce stoppages, the effects of natural disasters such as hurricanes, resolution of disputed items with the customer, recovery of insurance proceeds and other discrete events. at the completion of a long-term contract, any originally estimated costs not incurred or reserves not fully utilized, such as warranty reserves, could also impact contract earnings. where such items have occurred and the effects are material, a separate description is provided.
ingalls year ended december 31      2014 over 2013                     2013 over 2012
($ in millions)                                  2014                  2013                  2012      dollars               percent      dollars               percent sales and service revenues                $2,286                $2,441                $2,532           $(155     )          (6    )%      $(91      )          (4    )%
segment operating income (loss)              229                   165                    85                64              39     %   80                      94     %
as a percentage of segment sales            10.0    %              6.8    %              3.4    %
52
sales and service revenues
2014 - ingalls revenues, including intersegment sales, decreased $155 million, or 6%, in 2014 compared to 2013, driven by lower revenues in amphibious assault ships, partially offset by higher revenues in the legend-class nsc program and surface combatants. the decrease in amphibious assault ships revenues was due to lower volumes on lha-6 uss america and lpd-25 uss somerset, partially offset by higher volumes on lha-7 tripoli and lpd-26 john p. murtha. revenues on the legend-class nsc program increased due to higher volumes on the construction contracts of nsc-6 munro, nsc-7 kimball, and nsc-5 james, partially offset by lower volumes on the construction of nsc-4 hamilton. surface combatants revenues increased due to higher volumes on the construction contracts of ddg-117 paul ignatius, ddg-119 (unnamed) and ddg-114 ralph johnson, partially offset by lower volumes on the ddg-1000 zumwalt-class destroyer program.
2013 - ingalls revenues, including intersegment sales, decreased $91 million, or 4%, in 2013 compared to 2012, driven by lower revenues in amphibious assault ships, partially offset by higher revenues in the legend-class nsc program and surface combatants. the decrease in amphibious assault ships revenues was due to lower volumes on lpd-24 uss arlington, lpd-23 uss anchorage, lha-6 america, and lpd-25 somerset, partially offset by higher volumes on lpd-27 portland and lha-7 tripoli. revenues on the legend-class nsc program increased primarily due to higher volumes on the construction contracts of nsc-6 munro and nsc-5 james. surface combatants revenues increased due to higher volumes on ddg-117 paul ignatius and ddg-113 john finn, partially offset by lower volumes on the ddg-1000 zumwalt-class destroyer program.
segment operating income
2014 - ingalls operating income in 2014 was $229 million, compared to income of $165 million in 2013. the increase was primarily due to performance improvement and risk retirement on the lpd-17 san antonio-class program and the legend-class nsc program, as well as the unfavorable impact in the prior year of the gulfport facility closure, partially offset by the favorable impact in the prior year of hurricane insurance recoveries.
2013 - ingalls operating income in 2013 was $165 million, compared to income of $85 million in 2012. the increase was primarily due to the impact of hurricane insurance recoveries, risk retirement and higher volumes on the legend-class nsc program, as well as the absence in 2013 of the workers' compensation expense adjustment recorded in 2012, partially offset by the impact of closing our gulfport facility.
newport news year ended december 31                     2014 over 2013                     2013 over 2012
($ in millions)                                  2014                  2013                  2012           dollars          percent           dollars          percent sales and service revenues                $4,536                $4,382                $4,180              $154               4     %         $202               5     %
segment operating income (loss)              415                   402                   372                13               3     %   30                       8     %
as a percentage of segment sales             9.1    %              9.2    %              8.9    %
sales and service revenues
2014 - newport news revenues, including intersegment sales, increased $154 million, or 4%, in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily driven by the sn3 acquisition, as well as higher revenues in submarines and energy, partially offset by lower revenues in aircraft carriers and fleet support services. submarines revenues related to the ssn-774 virginia-class submarine program were higher due to higher volumes on block iv advance procurement and block iii construction contracts, partially offset by lower volumes on block ii boats following the delivery of ssn-783 uss minnesota. higher energy revenues were primarily driven by higher commercial volumes. aircraft carriers revenues decreased due to lower volumes on the execution contract for the cvn-71 uss theodore roosevelt rcoh and the construction contract for cvn-78 gerald r. ford, partially offset by higher volumes on the execution contract for the cvn-72 uss abraham lincoln rcoh and the inactivation contract for cvn-65 uss enterprise. lower revenues in fleet support services were primarily due to lower volumes associated with repair work on ssn-765 uss montpelier.
2013 - newport news revenues, including intersegment sales, increased $202 million, or 5%, in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily driven by higher revenues in aircraft carriers, fleet support services and submarines. higher revenues in aircraft carriers were primarily due to increased volumes on the execution contract for the cvn-72
53
uss abraham lincoln rcoh, the construction preparation contract for cvn-79 john f. kennedy and the inactivation contract for cvn-65 uss enterprise, partially offset by lower volumes on the execution contract for the cvn-71 uss theodore roosevelt rcoh and the construction and engineering contracts for cvn-78 gerald r. ford. higher revenues in fleet support services were primarily the result of volumes associated with repair work on ssn-765 uss montpelier. increased submarines revenues were related to the ssn-774 virginia-class submarine program, primarily driven by higher volumes on block iii boats and the advance procurement contract on block iv boats, partially offset by lower volumes on block ii boats following the delivery of ssn-783 uss minnesota.
segment operating income
2014 - newport news operating income in 2014 was $415 million, compared to income of $402 million in 2013. the increase was primarily related to the volume changes discussed above and higher risk retirement on the construction contract for cvn-78 gerald r. ford, offset by lower risk retirement on the cvn-71 uss theodore roosevelt rcoh.
2013 - newport news operating income in 2013 was $402 million, compared to income of $372 million in 2012. the increase was primarily related to the ssn-774 virginia-class submarine program, driven by risk retirement, performance improvement and the favorable resolution of outstanding contract changes, as well as risk retirement on the execution contract for the cvn-71 uss theodore roosevelt rcoh and the absence in 2013 of the workers' compensation expense adjustment recorded in 2012, partially offset by the favorable resolution in 2012 of outstanding contract changes on the cvn-65 uss enterprise edsra.
other revenues at our other segment for the year ended december 31, 2014, were $137 million, primarily due to the acquisition of upi on may 30, 2014. other operating loss for the year ended december 31, 2014, was $59 million, primarily due to the goodwill impairment charge of $47 million described above.
backlog total backlog as of december 31, 2014, was approximately $21 billion. total backlog includes both funded backlog (firm orders for which funding is contractually obligated by the customer) and unfunded backlog (firm orders for which funding is not currently contractually obligated by the customer). backlog excludes unexercised contract options and unfunded indefinite delivery/indefinite quantity orders. for contracts having no stated contract values, backlog includes only the amounts committed by the customer.
the following table presents funded and unfunded backlog by segment as of december 31, 2014 and 2013:
december 31, 2014   december 31, 2013
total                                             total
($ in millions)              funded       unfunded                    backlog   funded               unfunded             backlog ingalls                 $5,609            $1,889                  $7,498        $6,335               $2,570               $8,905
newport news             6,158            7,709                   13,867        5,495                3,638                9,133
other             65                      -                65                   -                    -                    -
total backlog          $11,832            $9,598                 $21,430        $11,830              $6,208               $18,038
we expect approximately 28% of the $21 billion total backlog as of december 31, 2014, to be converted into sales in 2015. u.s. government orders comprised substantially all of the backlog as of december 31, 2014 and 2013.
awards
2014 - the value of new contract awards during the year ended december 31, 2014, was approximately $10.1 billion. significant new awards in 2014 included contracts for block iv of the ssn-774 virginia-class submarine program, continued construction preparation for cvn-79 john f. kennedy and construction of nsc-7 kimball.
2013 - the value of new contract awards during the year ended december 31, 2013, was approximately $9.4 billion. significant new awards in 2013 included contracts for the construction of five ddg-51 arleigh burke-class
54
destroyers, the cvn-72 uss abraham lincoln rcoh, inactivation of cvn-65 uss enterprise, construction of nsc-6 munro and continued construction preparation for cvn-79 john f. kennedy.
liquidity and capital resources we endeavor to ensure the most efficient conversion of operating results into cash for deployment in operating our businesses and maximizing stockholder value. we use various financial measures to assist in capital deployment decision making, including net cash provided by operating activities and free cash flow. we believe these measures are useful to investors in assessing our financial performance.
the following table summarizes key components of cash flow provided by (used in) operating activities:
year ended december 31                      2014 over 2013                      2013 over 2012
($ in millions)                                                        2014                2013                2012            dollars          percent           dollars           percent net earnings (loss)                                               $338                $261                $146                $77              30     %         $115               79   %
depreciation and amortization                                      205                 235                 193                (30    )        (13    )%           42               22   %
stock-based compensation                                            34                  44                  41                (10    )        (23    )%            3                7   %
excess tax benefit related to stock-based compensation             (39    )            (24    )              -                (15    )        (63    )%          (24    )           -   %
deferred income taxes                                              (22    )            (28    )             79                  6              21     %         (107    )        (135   )%
retiree benefit funding less than (in excess of) expense            (4    )            (86    )            (43    )            82              95     %          (43    )        (100   )%
insurance proceeds for investing purposes                            -                 (58    )              -                 58             100     %          (58    )           -   %
goodwill impairment                                                 47                   -                   -                 47               -     %            -                -   %
loss on early extinguishment of debt                                37                   -                   -                 37               -     %            -                -   %
trade working capital decrease (increase)                          120                (108    )            (84    )           228             211     %          (24    )         (29   )%
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities               $716                $236                $332               $480             203     %         $(96    )         (29   )%
cash flows we discuss below our major operating, investing and financing activities for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2014, as classified on our consolidated statements of cash flows.
operating activities
2014 - cash provided by operating activities was $716 million in 2014, compared to $236 million in 2013. the increase of $480 million was due primarily to decreases in accounts receivable and retirement benefit funding. in 2014, we paid net cash of $161 million for federal and state income taxes.
we expect cash generated from operations in 2015, in combination with our current cash and cash equivalents, as well as existing credit facilities, to be sufficient to service debt, meet contractual obligations and finance capital expenditures for at least the next 12 months.
2013 - cash provided by operating activities was $236 million in 2013, compared to $332 million in 2012. the decrease of $96 million was due primarily to increases in income tax payments and retirement benefit funding. within trade working capital, higher inventoried costs and accounts receivable were offset by higher income taxes payable and accounts payable and accruals. in 2013, we paid net cash of $154 million for federal and state income taxes.
55
investing activities
2014 - cash used in investing activities was $437 million in 2014, an increase of $356 million from 2013. this increase in cash used in investing activities was driven by the acquisitions of sn3 and upi. for 2015, we expect our capital expenditures for maintenance and sustainment, excluding discretionary projects, to be approximately 2% of annual revenues.
2013 - cash used in investing activities was $81 million in 2013, a decrease of $81 million from 2012. this decrease was driven by proceeds from hurricane insurance recoveries and lower capital expenditures in 2013.
financing activities
2014 - cash used in financing activities in 2014 was $332 million, compared to $169 million used in 2013. the increase was primarily due to an additional $66 million of debt related expenditures, $24 million of cash dividend payments, and $19 million of repurchases of common stock, in addition to $64 million in employee tax withholdings on share-based payment arrangements in 2014 compared to 2013.
2013 - cash used in financing activities in 2013 was $169 million, compared to $28 million used in 2012. the increase was primarily due to an additional $118 million of repurchases of common stock, $22 million of debt repayments and $20 million of cash dividend payments, partially offset by $24 million of excess tax benefit related to stock-based compensation in 2013 compared to 2012.
free cash flow free cash flow represents cash provided by (used in) operating activities less capital expenditures. free cash flow is not a measure recognized under gaap. free cash flow has limitations as an analytical tool and should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, analysis of our results as reported under gaap. we believe free cash flow is an important measure for our investors because it provides them insight into our current and period-to-period performance and our ability to generate cash from continuing operations. we also use free cash flow as a key operating metric in assessing the performance of our business and as a key performance measure in evaluating management performance and determining incentive compensation. free cash flow may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies.
the following table reconciles net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow:
year ended december 31
($ in millions)                                       2014               2013                2012
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities          $716                $236                $332
less:
capital expenditures                                         (165    )           (139    )           (162    )
free cash flow                                               $551                 $97                $170
2014 - free cash flow increased $454 million from 2013, due primarily to decreases in accounts receivable and retirement benefit funding, partially offset by increased capital expenditures in 2014.
2013 - free cash flow decreased $73 million from 2012, due primarily to increases in income tax payments and retirement benefit funding, partially offset by lower capital expenditures in 2013.
retirement related plan contributions erisa, including amendments under pension relief, defines the minimum amount that must be contributed to our qualified defined benefit pension plans. in determining whether to make discretionary contributions to these plans above the minimum required amounts, we consider various factors, including attainment of the funded percentage needed to avoid benefit restrictions and other adverse consequences, minimum cas funding requirements, and the current and anticipated future funding levels of each plan. the contributions to our qualified defined benefit pension plans are affected by a number of factors, including published irs interest rates, the actual return on plan assets, actuarial assumptions, and demographic experience. these factors and our resulting contributions also impact the
56
plans' funded status. if the irs publishes updated mortality tables for funding purposes, our pension contributions could be affected. we made the following minimum and discretionary contributions to our pension and other postretirement plans in the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012:
year ended december 31
($ in millions)                   2014                2013                2012
pension plans qualified minimum              $-                  $-                 $64
discretionary qualified                     123                 301                 172
non-qualified                   3                   4                   3
other benefit plans            33                  38                  31
total contributions          $159                $343                $270
we made minimum and discretionary contributions to our qualified defined benefit pension plans totaling $123 million, $301 million, and $236 million in the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively.
as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, our qualified pension plans were funded 86% and 93%, respectively, on a fas basis. as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, these plans were considered at least 90% funded on an erisa basis so as not to be subject to benefit payment restrictions. the funded percentages under erisa and fas vary due to inherent differences in the assumptions and methodologies used to develop respective obligations for these two different purposes. we expect our 2015 cash contributions to our qualified defined benefit pension plans to be $99 million, all of which we anticipate will be discretionary and are exclusive of cas cost recoveries in our contracts. due to the differences in calculation methodologies, our fas expense is not necessarily representative of our funding requirements or cas cost recoveries.
other postretirement benefit contributions were $33 million, $38 million and $31 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. we expect our 2015 contributions to our other postretirement benefit plans to be approximately $36 million, which are exclusive of cas cost recoveries in our contracts. contributions for postretirement benefits are not required to be funded in advance, and are paid on an as-incurred basis.
other sources and uses of capital stockholder distributions - in october 2014, our board of directors authorized an increase in our quarterly cash dividend from $0.20 to $0.40 per share. we paid cash dividends totaling $49 million ($1.00 per share) and $25 million ($0.50 per share) in the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
in 2012, our board of directors authorized management to repurchase up to $150 million of our outstanding shares of common stock, prior to october 31, 2015. in october 2013, our board of directors authorized an increase in the stock repurchase program from $150 million to $300 million and an extension of the term of the program to october 31, 2017. in october 2014, our board of directors authorized an increase in the stock repurchase program from $300 million to $600 million and an extension of the term of the program to october 31, 2019. repurchases are made from time to time at management's discretion in accordance with applicable federal securities laws. for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, we repurchased 1,407,729, 1,722,991, and 31,008 shares, respectively, at a cost of $138 million, $119 million, and $1 million, respectively.
additional capital - in 2011, we issued $1,200 million of senior notes (consisting of $600 million of 6.875% senior notes due in 2018 and $600 million of 7.125% senior notes due in 2021). in december 2014, we issued $600 million aggregate principal amount of 5.0% senior notes due december 15, 2021. the net proceeds from the issuance of these senior notes were used to repurchase our 6.875% senior notes due in 2018 in connection with a debt call and tender offer in 2014. interest on our senior notes is payable semi-annually.
in 2011, we also entered into the credit facility with third-party lenders in an amount of $1,225 million, comprised of a $575 million term loan (due in 2016 with a variable interest rate based on the london interbank offered rate ("libor") plus a spread based on our leverage ratio) and a $650 million revolving credit facility (maturing in 2016 with a variable interest rate on drawn borrowings based on libor plus a spread based upon our leverage ratio). as
57
of december 31, 2014, approximately $31 million in letters of credit were issued but undrawn under the revolving credit facility, and the remaining $619 million was unutilized. in november 2013, we amended and restated our existing credit facility to provide more favorable pricing terms and more flexibility under the credit facility's restricted payment covenants.
we made scheduled term loan payments of $79 million during the year ended december 31, 2014, using cash generated from operations.
we were in compliance with all debt-related covenants as of and during the year ended december 31, 2014. for a description of our outstanding debt amounts and related restrictive covenants, see note 14: debt in item 8.
contractual obligations as of december 31, 2014, our total outstanding long-term debt was $1,700 million, consisting of senior notes, amounts outstanding under the credit facility and third-party debt that remained outstanding subsequent to the spin-off. for a description of our outstanding debt amounts and related restrictive covenants, see note 14: debt in item 8.
in connection with the spin-off, we entered into a tax matters agreement with northrop grumman (the "tax matters agreement") that governs the respective rights, responsibilities and obligations of northrop grumman and us after the spin-off with respect to tax liabilities and benefits, tax attributes, tax contests and other tax sharing regarding u.s. federal, state, local and foreign income taxes, other taxes and related tax returns. we have several liabilities with northrop grumman to the internal revenue service ("irs") for the consolidated u.s. federal income taxes of the northrop grumman consolidated group relating to the taxable periods in which we were part of that group. the tax matters agreement specifies the portion of this tax liability for which we will bear responsibility, and northrop grumman has agreed to indemnify us against any amounts for which we are not responsible. the tax matters agreement also provides special rules for allocating tax liabilities in the event that the spin-off, together with certain related transactions, is not tax-free.
the following table presents our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2014, and the related estimated timing of future cash payments:
($ in millions)                                       total                2015           2016 - 2017           2018 - 2019             2020 and beyond long-term debt                                   $1,700                $108                $287                    $-                    $1,305
interest payments on long-term debt (1)             583                  90                 164                   162                       167
operating leases                                    162                  34                  53                    36                        39
purchase obligations (2)                          2,585               1,175                 662                   333                       415
other long-term liabilities (3)                     857                  98                 211                    84                       464
total contractual obligations                    $5,887              $1,505              $1,377                  $615                    $2,390
(1)   interest payments include interest on $395 million of variable interest rate debt calculated based on interest rates as of december 31, 2014.
(2)   a "purchase obligation" is defined as an agreement to purchase goods or services that is enforceable and legally binding on us and that specifies all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. these amounts are primarily comprised of open purchase order commitments to vendors and subcontractors pertaining to funded contracts.
(3)   other long-term liabilities primarily consist of total accrued workers' compensation reserves, deferred compensation and other miscellaneous liabilities, of which $221 million is the current portion of workers' compensation liabilities. it excludes obligations for uncertain tax positions of $22 million, for which the timing of the payments, if any, cannot be reasonably estimated.
the above table excludes retirement related contributions. amounts for retirement related contributions depend on plan provisions, actuarial assumptions, actual plan asset performance, and other factors described under retirement related plans in critical accounting policies, estimates and judgments and under liquidity and capital resources.
58
further details regarding long-term debt and operating leases can be found in note 14: debt and note 16: commitments and contingencies in item 8.
off-balance sheet arrangements in the ordinary course of business, we use standby letters of credit issued by commercial banks and surety bonds issued by insurance companies principally to support our self-insured workers' compensation plans. as of december 31, 2014, $31 million in standby letters of credit were issued but undrawn and $358 million of surety bonds were outstanding.
as of december 31, 2014, we had no other significant off-balance sheet arrangements other than operating leases. for a description of our operating leases, see note 2: summary of significant accounting policies and note 16: commitments and contingencies in item 8.
59
glossary of programs included below are brief descriptions of some of the programs discussed in this annual report on form 10-k.
program name                                    program description carrier rcoh                                    perform refueling and complex overhaul ("rcoh") of nuclear-powered aircraft carriers, which is required at the mid-point of their 50-year life cycle. cvn-72 uss abraham lincoln is currently undergoing rcoh and advance planning efforts for the cvn-73 uss george washington are in process in preparation for the expected start of its rcoh in 2017.
cvn-65 uss enterprise                           defuel and inactivate the world's first nuclear-powered aircraft carrier, which began in 2013.
cvn-78 gerald r. ford-class aircraft carriers   design and construction for the ford-class program, which is the aircraft carrier replacement program for cvn-65 uss enterprise and cvn-68 nimitz-class aircraft carriers. cvn-78 gerald r. ford, the first ship of the ford-class, is currently under construction. cvn-79 john f. kennedy is under contract for engineering, advance construction, and purchase of long-lead-time components and material. this category also includes the class' non-recurring engineering. the class is expected to bring improved warfighting capability, quality of life improvements for sailors, and reduced life cycle costs.
ddg-51 arleigh burke-class destroyers           build guided missile destroyers designed for conducting anti-air, anti-submarine, anti-surface and strike operations. the aegis-equipped ddg-51 arleigh burke-class destroyers are the u.s. navy's primary surface combatant, and have been constructed in variants, allowing technological advances during construction. ddg-113 john finn and ddg-114 ralph johnson are currently under construction. in june 2013, we were awarded a multi-year contract for construction of five additional ddg-51 arleigh burke-class destroyers. the first ship of that award, ddg-117 paul ignatius, is currently under construction, and construction of ddg-119 unnamed is scheduled to begin in 2015.
ddg-1000 zumwalt-class destroyers               design and build multi-mission surface combatants in conjunction with bath iron works and construct the ships' integrated composite deckhouses, as well as portions of the ships' aft peripheral vertical launch systems. in 2012, we delivered the composite superstructure of ddg-1000 zumwalt. in 2014, we completed construction and delivered the composite deckhouse of ddg-1001 michael monsoor. the delivery of the deckhouse completed our participation in this program as the navy has decided on a steel deckhouse for the third and final ship of the class.
energy products and services                    leverage our core competencies in nuclear operations, program management and heavy manufacturing for doe and commercial nuclear programs. we also provide a range of services to the energy and oil and gas industries as well as government customers.
fleet support services                          fleet support provides comprehensive life cycle services, including depot maintenance, modernization, repairs, logistics and technical support and planning yard services for naval and commercial vessels. we have ship repair facilities in newport news, virginia, and san diego, california, which are near the u.s. navy's largest homeports of norfolk, virginia, and san diego, respectively. we also perform emergent repair for the u.s. navy on all classes of ships.
60
legend-class national security cutter                      design and build the u.s. coast guard's national security cutters, the largest and most technically advanced class of cutter in the u.s. coast guard. the nsc is equipped to carry out maritime homeland security, maritime safety, protection of natural resources, maritime mobility and national defense missions. the plan is for a total of eight ships, of which the first four ships have been delivered. nsc-5 james and nsc-6 munro are under construction, and, in 2014, we were awarded the construction contract for nsc-7 kimball and an advance procurement contract for nsc-8 midgett. we began construction on nsc-7 kimball in 2015.
lha-6 america-class amphibious assault ships               design and build amphibious assault ships that provide forward presence and power projection as an integral part of joint, interagency and multinational maritime expeditionary forces. the lha-6 america-class ships, together with the lhd-1 wasp-class ships, are the successors to the aging lha-1 tarawa-class ships. three of the original five tarawa-class ships have been recently decommissioned, and the remainder of the class is scheduled to be decommissioned by 2015. the lha-6 america-class ships optimize aviation operations and support capabilities. we delivered lha-6 america in april 2014 and lha-7 tripoli is currently under construction.
lpd-17 san antonio-class amphibious transport dock ships   design and build amphibious transport dock ships, which are warships that embark, transport and land elements of a landing force for a variety of expeditionary warfare missions, and also serve as the secondary aviation platform for amphibious readiness groups. the lpd-17 san antonio-class is the newest addition to the u.s. navy's 21st century amphibious assault force, and these ships are a key element of the u.s. navy's seabase transformation. in october 2013, we delivered lpd-25 somerset, and we are currently constructing lpd-26 john p. murtha and lpd-27 portland. the lpd-17 san antonio-class currently includes a total of 11 ships.
savannah river nuclear solutions, llc                      participate, as a minority member in a joint venture, in the management and operation of doe nuclear sites, currently at the savannah river site near aiken, south carolina, and potentially at other doe sites. our joint venture partners at the savannah river site include fluor federal services, inc. and honeywell international inc.
ssbn(x) ohio-class submarine replacement program           perform, through an agreement with electric boat, as design subcontractor for the ssbn(x) ohio-class replacement boats. the u.s. navy has committed to designing a replacement class for the ssbn ohio-class ballistic missile submarines, which were first introduced into service in 1981. we are currently participating in the design effort and our experience and well-qualified workforce position us for a potential role in the construction effort but no decisions have been made regarding that aspect of the program. the ssbn ohio-class includes 14 ballistic missile submarines ("ssbn"). the ohio replacement program currently anticipates 12 new ballistic missile submarines over a 15-year period at a cost of approximately $4 billion to $7 billion each. the u.s. navy has initiated the design process for the new class of submarine, and we have begun design work as a subcontractor to electric boat. congress has delayed the start of the first ohio replacement submarine by two years and construction is now expected to begin in 2021, with procurement of long-lead-time materials in 2017 and delivery in 2030. the first ohio-class ballistic missile submarine is expected to be retired in 2027 with an additional submarine being retired each year thereafter. by 2030 the ohio-class ballistic missile submarine fleet is expected to be ten. the current fiscal environment and uncertainty in defense budgets may cause additional delay to the start of construction or result in a reduction in the number of ships being procured, but we believe the ohio replacement program may represent an opportunity for us in the future.
61
ssn-774 virginia-class fast attack submarines   construct the newest attack submarines as the principal subcontractor to electric boat. the ssn-774 virginia-class is a post-cold war design tailored to excel in a wide range of warfighting missions, including anti-submarine and surface ship warfare; special operation forces; strike; intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance; carrier and expeditionary strike group support; and mine warfare.
