item 1a.   risk factors

the statements in this section describe the major risks to our business and should be considered carefully. in addition, these statements constitute our cautionary statements under the private securities litigation reform act of 1995.
financial risks and risks of operation our revenues and the value of our properties are subject to conditions affecting the lodging industry.
the performance of the lodging industry traditionally has been affected by the strength of the general economy and, specifically, growth in gross domestic product ("gdp"). changes in travel patterns of both business and leisure travelers, particularly during periods of economic contraction or low levels of economic growth, may create difficulties for the industry over the long-term and adversely affect our results of operations. the majority of our hotels are classified as luxury or upper upscale and generally target business and high-end leisure travelers. in periods of economic difficulties, business and leisure travelers may seek to reduce travel costs by limiting travel or seeking to reduce costs on their trips. consequently, our luxury or upper upscale hotels may be more susceptible to a decrease in revenue during an economic downturn, as compared to hotels in other categories that have lower room rates.  for instance, reductions in overall travel during the recession in 2008 and 2009 significantly affected our results of operations. other circumstances affecting the lodging industry which may affect our performance and the forecasts we make include:
●   changes in the international, national, regional and local economic climate;

●   the effect of terrorist attacks and terror alerts in the united states and internationally, as well as other geopolitical disturbances;

●   supply growth in markets where we own hotels, which may adversely affect demand at our properties;

●   the attractiveness of our hotels to consumers relative to competing hotels;

●   the performance of the managers of our hotels;

●   outbreaks of disease and the impact on travel of natural disasters and weather;

●   physical damage to our hotels as a result of earthquakes, hurricanes, or other natural disasters, or the income lost as a result of the damage;

16
●   changes in room rates and increases in operating costs due to inflation and other factors;

●   unionization of the labor force at our hotels; and

●   political uncertainty and changes in government policies, in particular with respect to u.s. economic policy, u.s. federal budget deficit concerns, or a reduction in travel by u.s. government employees and contractors as a result of spending cuts.

we cannot assure you that adverse changes in the general economy or other circumstances that affect the lodging industry will not have an adverse effect on the hotel revenue or earnings at our properties. a reduction in our revenue or earnings as a result of the above risks may reduce our working capital and revenue, impact our long-term business strategy and impact the value of our assets and our ability to meet certain covenants in our existing debt agreements. in addition, we may incur impairment charges in the future, which charges will affect negatively our results of operations. we can provide no assurance that any impairment loss recognized would not be material to our results of operations.
we depend on external sources of capital for future growth; therefore, any disruption to our ability to access capital at times, and on terms reasonably acceptable to us, may affect adversely our business and results of operations.
unlike regular c corporations, host inc. must finance its growth and fund debt repayments largely with external sources of capital because it is required to distribute to its stockholders at least 90% of its taxable income (other than net capital gain) in order to qualify as a reit, including taxable income recognized for federal income tax purposes but with regard to which it does not receive cash. funds used by host inc. to make required distributions are provided by distributions from host l.p. our ability to access external capital could be hampered by a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including:
●   price volatility, dislocations and liquidity disruptions in the u.s. and global equity and credit markets such as occurred during 2008 and 2009;

●   changes in market perception of our growth potential, including rating agency downgrades by moody's investors service, standard &amp; poor's ratings services or fitch ratings;

●   decreases in our current and estimated future earnings;

●   decreases or fluctuations in the market price of the common stock of host inc.;

●   increases in interest rates; and

●   the terms of our existing indebtedness which, under certain circumstances, restrict our incurrence of debt.

the occurrence of any of these factors, individually or in combination, could prevent us from being able to obtain the external capital we require on terms that are acceptable to us, or at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to finance our future growth and our results of operations and financial condition.  potential consequences of disruptions in u.s. and global equity and credit markets and, as a result, an inability for us to access external capital at times, and on terms, reasonably acceptable to us could include:
●   a need to seek alternative sources of capital with less attractive terms, such as more restrictive covenants and shorter maturity;

●   adverse effects on our financial condition and liquidity, and our ability to meet our anticipated requirements for working capital, debt service and capital expenditures;

●   higher costs of capital;

●   an inability to enter into derivative contracts in order to hedge risks associated with changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates; or

●   an inability to execute on our acquisition strategy.

we have substantial debt and may incur additional debt.
as of december 31, 2014, we and our subsidiaries had total indebtedness of approximately $4.0 billion. our substantial indebtedness requires us to dedicate a significant portion of our annual cash flow from operations to debt service payments, which reduces the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, expansion efforts, dividends and distributions and other general corporate needs. additionally, our substantial indebtedness could:
●   make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness;

●   limit our ability in the future to undertake refinancings of our debt or to obtain financing for expenditures, acquisitions, development or other general corporate needs on terms and conditions acceptable to us, if at all; or

17
●   affect adversely our ability to compete effectively or operate successfully under adverse economic conditions.

if our cash flow and working capital are not sufficient to fund our expenditures or service our indebtedness, we will be required to raise additional funds through:
●   sales of host l.p.'s op units or host inc.'s common stock;

●   the incurrence of additional permitted indebtedness by host l.p.; or

●   the sale of our assets.

we cannot make any assurances that any of these sources of funds will be available to us or, if available, will be on terms that we would find acceptable or in amounts sufficient to meet our obligations or fulfill our business plan. under certain circumstances, we would be required to use the cash from some of the events described above to repay other indebtedness.
the terms of our indebtedness and preferred units place restrictions on us and our subsidiaries and these restrictions reduce our operational flexibility and create default risks.
we are, and may in the future become, party to agreements and instruments that place restrictions on us and our subsidiaries.  for instance, the covenants in the documents governing the terms of our senior notes and our credit facility restrict, among other things, our ability to:
●   conduct acquisitions, mergers or consolidations, unless the successor entity in such transaction assumes our indebtedness;

●   incur additional debt in excess of certain thresholds and without satisfying certain financial metrics;

●   incur liens securing indebtedness, unless an effective provision is made to secure our other indebtedness by such liens;

●   sell assets without using the proceeds from such sales for certain permitted uses or to make an offer to repay or repurchase outstanding indebtedness;

●   pay dividends on classes and series of host inc. capital stock and pay distributions on host l.p.'s classes of units without satisfying certain financial metrics concerning leverage, fixed charge coverage and unsecured interest coverage; and

●   conduct transactions with affiliates other than on an arm's length basis and, in certain instances, without obtaining opinions as to the fairness of such transactions.

in addition, certain covenants in our credit facility also require us and our subsidiaries to meet financial metrics.  the restrictive covenants in the applicable indenture(s), the credit facility and the documents governing our other debt (including our mortgage debt) will reduce our flexibility in conducting our operations and will limit our ability to engage in activities that may be in our long-term best interest.  failure to comply with these restrictive covenants could result in an event of default that, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all or a substantial portion of our debt. in addition, certain of our mortgage debt requires that, to the extent cash flow from the hotels which secure such debt drops below stated levels, we escrow cash flow after the payment of debt service until operations improve above the stated levels.  in some cases, the lender may apply the escrowed amount to the outstanding balance of the mortgage debt. if such provisions are triggered, the amounts required to be escrowed may affect negatively our liquidity from these mortgaged properties by limiting our access to cash flow after debt service. for a detailed description of the covenants and restrictions imposed by the documents governing our indebtedness, see part ii item 7. "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-financial condition."
an increase in interest rates would increase the interest costs on our credit facility and on our floating rate debt and could impact adversely our ability to refinance existing debt or sell assets.
interest payments for borrowings on our credit facility, the mortgages on certain properties and fixed-to-floating interest rate swaps linked to two other properties are based on floating rates. as a result, an increase in interest rates will reduce our cash flow available for other corporate purposes, including investments in our portfolio.  rising interest rates also could limit our ability to refinance existing debt when it matures and increase interest costs on any debt that is refinanced. we may from time to time enter into agreements such as interest rate swaps, caps, floors and other interest rate hedging contracts. currently, the majority of our mortgages with floating rates are fully or partially hedged through the use of floating-to-fixed interest rate swaps or interest rate caps and floors. while these agreements may lessen the impact of rising interest rates, they also expose us to the risk that other parties to the agreements will not perform or that the agreements will be unenforceable. in addition, an increase in interest rates could decrease the amount third parties are willing to pay for our assets, thereby limiting our ability to dispose of assets as part of our business strategy.
18
our expenses may not decrease if our revenue decreases.
many of the expenses associated with owning and operating hotels, such as debt-service payments, property taxes, insurance, utilities, and employee wages and benefits, are relatively inflexible. they do not necessarily decrease in tandem with a reduction in revenue at the hotels and may be subject to increases that are not tied to the performance of our hotels or the increase in the rate of inflation generally.  also, as of december 31, 2014, 35 of our hotels are subject to third-party ground leases, which generally require periodic increases in ground rent payments. our ability to pay these rents could be affected adversely if our hotel revenues do not increase at the same or a greater rate than the increases in rental payments under the ground leases.
additionally, certain costs, such as wages, benefits and insurance, may exceed the rate of inflation in any given period. in the event of a significant decrease in demand, our hotel managers may not be able to reduce the size of hotel work forces in order to decrease wages and benefits. our managers also may be unable to offset any fixed or increased expenses with higher room rates. any of our efforts to reduce operating costs also could adversely affect the future growth of our business and the value of our hotel properties.
our acquisition of additional properties may have a significant effect on our business, liquidity, financial position and/or results of operations.
as part of our business strategy, we seek to acquire primarily luxury and upper upscale hotel properties.  we may acquire properties through various structures, including transactions involving portfolios, single assets, joint ventures and acquisitions of all or substantially all of the securities or assets of other reits or similar real estate entities.  we anticipate that our acquisitions will be financed through a combination of methods and a variety of sources of external capital, including proceeds from host inc. equity offerings, issuance of limited partnership interests of host l.p., advances under our credit facility, the incurrence or assumption of indebtedness and proceeds from the sales of assets. our inability to access external sources of capital may limit our ability to finance acquisitions.  for a discussion of factors that may limit our access to sources of capital, see "-we depend on external sources of capital for future growth; therefore, any disruption to our ability to access capital at times, and on terms reasonably acceptable to us, may affect adversely our business and results of operations."  in addition, certain of these factors, such as disruption in the global capital markets, may limit the ability of purchasers to finance their acquisition of our hotels and therefore our ability to use disposition proceeds to finance our acquisitions.
we routinely are actively engaged in the process of identifying, analyzing and negotiating possible acquisition transactions.  we cannot provide any assurances that we will be successful in consummating future acquisitions on favorable terms or that we will realize the benefits that we anticipate from such acquisitions.  our failure to realize the intended benefits from one or more acquisitions could have a significant adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial position and/or results of operations.  these adverse effects may occur because the performance of the property does not justify the additional indebtedness and related interest expense that we incurred as a result of the acquisition.  in addition, assets and entities that we have acquired, or may in the future acquire, may be subject to unknown or contingent liabilities for which we may have no recourse, or only limited recourse, against the sellers.  in general, the representations and warranties provided under the transaction agreements may not survive long enough for us to become aware of such liabilities and seek recourse against our sellers and indemnification covering representations and warranties often is limited and subject to various materiality thresholds, a significant deductible or an aggregate cap on losses.  as a result, there is no guarantee that we will recover any amounts with respect to losses due to breaches by the sellers of their representations and warranties.  the total amount of costs and expenses that may be incurred with respect to liabilities associated with acquired hotels and entities may exceed our expectations, plus we may experience other unanticipated adverse effects, all of which may affect adversely our revenues, expenses, operating results and financial condition.  finally, indemnification agreements between us and the sellers typically provide that the sellers will retain certain specified liabilities relating to the assets and entities acquired by us.  while the sellers generally are contractually obligated to pay all losses and other expenses relating to such retained liabilities without regard to survival limitations, materiality thresholds, deductibles or caps on losses, there can be no guarantee that such arrangements will not require us to incur losses or other expenses in addition to those incurred by the sellers.
we may not achieve the value we anticipate from new hotel developments or value enhancement projects at our existing hotels.
we currently are, and in the future may be, involved in the development of hotel properties, timeshare units or other alternate uses of portions of our existing properties, including the development of retail, office or apartments, including through joint ventures. there are risks inherent in any new development, including:
●   we may not obtain the zoning, occupancy and other required governmental permits and authorizations necessary to complete the development. a delay in receiving these approvals could affect adversely the returns we expect to receive.

●   any new construction involves the possibility of construction delays and cost overruns that may increase project costs.

●   defects in design or construction may result in delays and additional costs to remedy the defect or require a portion of a property to be closed during the period required to rectify the defect.

19
●   we may not be able to meet the loan covenants in any financing obtained to fund the new development, creating default risks.

●   the development of timeshare units could become less attractive due to decreases in demand for residential, fractional or interval ownership, increases in mortgage rates and/or decreases in mortgage availability, market absorption or oversupply, with the result that we may not be able to sell the timeshares for a profit or at the prices or selling pace we anticipate.

in addition, to the extent that developments are conducted through joint ventures, this creates additional risks, including the possibility that our partners may not meet their financial obligations or could have or develop business interests, policies or objectives that are inconsistent with ours. see "-we may acquire hotel properties through joint ventures with third parties that could result in conflicts."
any of the above factors could affect adversely our and our partners' ability to complete the developments on schedule and along the scope that currently is contemplated, or to achieve the intended value of these projects. for these reasons, there can be no assurances as to the value to be realized by the company from these transactions or any future similar transactions.
we do not control our hotel operations and we are dependent on the managers of our hotels.
to maintain our status as a reit, we are not permitted to operate any of our hotels.  as a result, we have entered into management agreements with third-party managers to operate our hotel properties. for this reason, we are unable to directly implement strategic business decisions with respect to the daily operation and marketing of our hotels, such as decisions with respect to the setting of room rates, food and beverage pricing and certain similar matters.  although we consult with our hotel operators with respect to strategic business plans, the hotel operators are under no obligation to implement any of our recommendations with respect to these matters. while we monitor the hotel managers' performance, we have limited recourse under our management agreements if we believe that the hotel managers are not performing adequately. the cash flow from our hotels may be affected adversely if our managers fail to provide quality services and amenities or if they or their affiliates fail to maintain a quality brand name.  because our management agreements are long-term agreements, we also may not be able to terminate these agreements if we believe the manager is not performing adequately.
from time to time, we have had, and continue to have, differences with the managers of our hotels over their performance and compliance with the terms of our management agreements. we generally resolve issues with our managers through discussions and negotiations. however, if we are unable to reach satisfactory results through discussions and negotiations, we may choose to litigate the dispute or submit the matter to third-party dispute resolution. failure by our hotel managers to fully perform the duties agreed to in our management agreements or the failure of our managers to adequately manage the risks associated with hotel operations could affect adversely our results of operations.
in addition, our hotel managers or their affiliates manage, and in some cases own, have invested in, or provided credit support or operating guarantees to hotels that compete with our hotels, all of which may result in conflicts of interest. as a result, our hotel managers have in the past made, and may in the future make, decisions regarding competing lodging facilities that are not or would not be in our best interest.
furthermore, our management agreements generally have provisions that can restrict our ability to sell, lease or otherwise transfer our hotels, unless the transferee is not a competitor of the manager and the transferee assumes the related management agreements and meets specified other conditions. our ability to finance or sell our properties, depending upon the structure of such transactions, may require the manager's consent. similarly, decisions with respect to a repositioning of a hotel, such as the outsourcing of food and beverage outlets, may require the manager's consent.
we are subject to risks associated with the employment of hotel personnel, particularly with hotels that employ unionized labor.
our third-party managers are responsible for hiring and maintaining the labor force at each of our hotels. although we do not directly employ or manage employees at our consolidated hotels (other than employing, but not managing or supervising, the associates at our properties in brazil, new zealand and australia), we still are subject to many of the costs and risks generally associated with the hotel labor force, particularly at those hotels with unionized labor. from time to time, hotel operations may be disrupted as a result of strikes, lockouts, public demonstrations or other negative actions and publicity. we also may incur increased legal costs and indirect labor costs as a result of contract disputes involving our third-party managers and their labor force or other events. the resolution of labor disputes or re-negotiated labor contracts could lead to increased labor costs, a significant component of our hotel operating costs, either by increases in wages or benefits or by changes in work rules that raise hotel operating costs. as we are not the employer nor bound by any collective bargaining agreement, we do not negotiate with any labor organization, and it is the responsibility of each property's manager to enter into such labor contracts. our ability, if any, to have any material impact on the
20
outcome of these negotiations is restricted by and dependent on the individual management agreement covering a specific property and we may have little ability to control the outcome of these negotiations.
our hotels have an ongoing need for renovations and potentially significant capital expenditures in order to remain competitive in the marketplace, maintain brand standards or to comply with applicable laws or regulations. the timing and costs of such renovations or improvements may result in reduced operating performance during construction and may not improve the return on these investments.
we are required by our loan agreements or agreements with our hotel managers to make agreed upon capital expenditures. in addition, we will need to make further capital expenditures in order to remain competitive with other hotels, to maintain the economic value of our hotels and to comply with applicable laws and regulations. the timing of these improvements can affect hotel performance, particularly if the improvements require closure of a significant number of rooms or other features of the hotels, such as ballrooms, meeting space and restaurants. these capital improvements reduce the availability of cash for other purposes and are subject to cost overruns and delays. in addition, because we depend on external sources of capital, we may not have the necessary funds to invest and, if we fail to maintain our properties in accordance with brand standards set by our managers, the manager may terminate the management agreement. moreover, we may not necessarily realize a significant, or any, improvement in the performance of the hotels in which we make these investments.
our hotels are geographically concentrated in a limited number of large urban gateway cities and, accordingly, we could be disproportionately harmed by adverse changes to these markets, a natural disaster or threat of a terrorist attack.
the concentration of our hotels in a limited number of large urban gateway cities exposes us to greater risk to local economic or business conditions, changes in hotel supply in these cities, and other conditions than more geographically diversified hotel companies.  hotels in new york, washington, dc, san diego, san francisco, boston, florida, hawaii, atlanta, and los angeles represented approximately 71% of our 2014 revenues.  an economic downturn, an increase in hotel supply in these cities, a natural disaster, a terrorist attack or similar disaster in any one of these cities likely would cause a decline in the hotel market and adversely affect occupancy rates, the financial performance of our hotels in these cities and our overall results of operations. for example, in october 2012, our operations in new york city and other east coast properties were impacted negatively by hurricane sandy.  in 2013, decreased u.s. government demand for hotel rooms (approximately 5% of our business) in markets such as washington, d.c. had a negative impact on our results of operations for the year.
in addition, certain of our hotels are located in markets that are more susceptible to natural disasters than others, which could adversely affect those hotels, the local economies, or both. for instance, our hotels in florida may be susceptible to hurricanes, while our hotels in california may be susceptible to earthquakes.
the threat of terrorism also may negatively impact hotel occupancy and average daily rate, due to resulting disruptions in business and leisure travel patterns and concerns about travel safety. hotels in major metropolitan areas, such as the gateway cities that represent our target markets, may be particularly adversely affected due to concerns about travel safety. the possibility of future attacks may hamper business and leisure travel patterns and, accordingly, the performance of our business and our operations.
the ownership of hotels outside the united states and the expansion of our business into new markets outside of the united states will expose us to risks related to owning hotels in those international markets.
part of our business strategy is to expand our presence outside of the united states. as of december 31, 2014, we own directly 17 hotels located outside of the united states. we also are party to a joint venture that owns 19 hotels in europe and to a joint venture that owns one hotel in australia and a non-controlling interest in three hotels currently open and four hotels in development in india. we may have difficulty managing our expansion into new geographic markets where we have limited knowledge and understanding of the local economy, an absence of business relationships in the area, or unfamiliarity with local governmental and permitting procedures and regulations. there are risks inherent in conducting business outside of the united states, which include:
●   risks of non-compliance with varied and unfamiliar employment laws and practices;

●   tax laws, which may provide for income or other taxes or tax rates that exceed those of the u.s. and which may provide that foreign earnings that are repatriated, directly or indirectly, are subject to dividend withholding tax requirements or other restrictions and which may affect our ability to repatriate non-u.s. earnings in a tax efficient manner;

●   compliance with and unexpected changes in regulatory requirements or monetary policy;

●   the willingness of domestic or international lenders to provide financing and changes in the availability, cost and terms of such financing;

●   adverse changes in local, political, economic and market conditions;

21
●   insurance coverage related to terrorist events;

●   changes in interest rates and/or currency exchange rates and difficulties in hedging these risks;

●   regulations regarding the incurrence of debt;

●   difficulties involved in managing an organization doing business in many different countries; and

●   difficulties in complying with u.s. rules governing reits while operating outside of the united states.

any of these factors could affect adversely our ability to obtain all of the intended benefits of our international expansion. if we do not effectively manage this expansion and successfully integrate the international hotels into our organization, our operating results and financial condition may be adversely affected.
we may acquire hotel properties through joint ventures with third parties that could result in conflicts.
we have made investments in joint ventures and are exploring further investment opportunities in the united states, asia, europe and latin america. we may, from time to time, invest as a co-venturer in other entities holding hotel properties instead of purchasing hotel properties directly.  we also may sell interests in existing properties to a third party as part of forming a joint venture with such third party.  investments in joint ventures may involve risks not present were a third party not involved, including the possibility that partners or co-venturers might become bankrupt or fail to fund their share of required capital contributions. co-venturers often share control over the operation of a joint venture. actions by a co-venturer also could subject the assets to additional risks as a result of any of the following circumstances:
●   our co-venturer might have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our, or the joint venture's, interests or goals; or

●   our co-venturer may be in a position to take action contrary to our instructions or requests, or contrary to our policies or objectives.

although generally we will seek to maintain sufficient control of any joint venture in order to permit our objectives to be achieved, we might not be able to take action without the approval of our joint venture partners. disputes between us and partners or co-venturers may result in litigation or arbitration that would increase our expenses and may negatively impact operations.
we may not be able to recover fully under our existing terrorism insurance program for losses caused by some types of terrorist acts, and neither u. s. nor foreign terrorism insurance laws or regulations ensure that we will be able to obtain terrorism insurance in adequate amounts or at acceptable premium levels in the future.
we generally obtain terrorism insurance to cover property damage caused by acts of terrorism under separate standalone policies of insurance as well as policies on u.s. properties which currently are subject to u.s. federal government cost sharing as provided in the terrorism risk insurance program reauthorization act ("tripra"). on january 12, 2015, president obama signed into law h.r. 26, which extended tripra through december 31, 2020.  we also have terrorism insurance under our general liability program and in our program for directors' and officers' coverage. we also obtain terrorism insurance to cover some of our foreign properties through insurance programs involving or administered by foreign governments. we may not be able to recover fully under our existing terrorism insurance policies for losses caused by some types of terrorist acts, and neither u.s. nor foreign terrorism insurance legislation or regulations ensure that we will be able to obtain terrorism insurance in adequate amounts or at acceptable premium levels in the future.
while tripra allows direct insurers to be reimbursed for certain losses they incur on u.s. properties resulting from nuclear, biological, chemical and radiological ("nbcr") perils, tripra does not require insurers to offer coverage for these perils and, to date, insurers are not willing to provide this coverage, even with government reimbursement. any damage related to war and to nbcr incidents, therefore, is excluded under policies covering our u.s. properties.  moreover, many of our foreign properties are not covered against nbcr perils. we obtain a certain amount of property insurance coverage on our u.s. properties for nbcr perils through our wholly-owned subsidiary that acts as our direct insurer against such perils to the extent of reimbursement under tripra. we ultimately are responsible for any loss borne by our insurance subsidiary.
as a result of the above, there remains uncertainty regarding the adequacy and cost of terrorism coverage that will be available to protect our interests in the event of terrorist attacks that impact our properties.
22
some potential losses are not covered by insurance.
we, or our hotel managers, carry comprehensive insurance coverage for general liability, property, business interruption and other risks with respect to all of our hotels and other properties. these policies offer coverage features and insured limits that we believe are customary for similar types of properties. generally, our "all-risk" property policies provide coverage that is available on a per-occurrence basis and that, for each occurrence, has an overall limit, as well as various sub-limits, on the amount of insurance proceeds we can receive. sub-limits exist for certain types of claims, such as service interruption, debris removal, expediting costs, landscaping replacement and natural disasters such as earthquakes, floods and hurricanes, and may be subject to annual aggregate coverage limits. the dollar amounts of these sub-limits are significantly lower than the dollar amounts of the overall coverage limit. in this regard, hotels in certain of our markets, including california, florida and new zealand, have in the past been and continue to be particularly susceptible to damage from natural disasters. recovery under the applicable policies also is subject to substantial deductibles and complex calculations of lost business income. there is no assurance that this insurance, where maintained, will fully fund the re-building or restoration of a hotel that is impacted by an earthquake, hurricane, or other natural disaster, or the income lost as a result of the damage. our property policies also provide that all of the claims from each of our properties resulting from a particular insurable event must be combined together for purposes of evaluating whether the aggregate limits and sub-limits contained in our policies have been exceeded and, in the case where the manager of one of our hotels provides this coverage, any such claims will be combined with the claims of other owners participating in the manager's program for the same purpose. therefore, if an insurable event occurs that affects more than one of our hotels, or, in the case of hotels where coverage is provided by the manager, affects hotels owned by others, the claims from each affected hotel will be added together to determine whether the aggregate limit or sub-limits, depending on the type of claim, have been reached. each affected hotel only may receive a proportional share of the amount of insurance proceeds provided for under the policy if the total value of the loss exceeds the aggregate limits available. we may incur losses in excess of insured limits and, as a result, we may be even less likely to receive complete coverage for risks that affect multiple properties, such as earthquakes, hurricanes, or certain types of terrorism.
in addition, there are other risks, such as certain environmental hazards, that may be deemed to fall completely outside the general coverage limits of our policies or may be uninsurable or too expensive to justify coverage. we also may encounter challenges with an insurance provider regarding whether it will pay a particular claim that we believe to be covered under our policy. should a loss in excess of insured limits or an uninsured loss occur, or should we be unsuccessful in obtaining coverage from an insurance carrier, we could lose all or a part of the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenue from the hotel. in that event, we might nevertheless remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligations related to the property.
cyber threats and the risk of data breaches or disruptions of our managers' or our own information technology systems could materially adversely affect our business.
our third party hotel managers are dependent on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to access, process, transmit and store proprietary and customer information. these complex networks include reservation systems, vacation exchange systems, hotel management systems, customer databases, call centers, administrative systems, and third party vendor systems.  these systems require the collection and retention of large volumes of personally identifiable information of hotel guests, including credit card numbers. our hotel managers may store and process such proprietary and customer information both on systems located at the hotels we own and other hotels operated by our third party managers, their corporate locations and at third-party owned facilities, including for example, in a third-party hosted cloud environment. these information networks and systems can be vulnerable to threats such as system, network or internet failures; computer hacking or business disruption; cyber-terrorism; viruses, worms or other malicious software programs; and employee error, negligence or fraud. the risks from these cyber threats are significant. we rely on the security systems of our mangers to protect proprietary and customer information from these threats. any compromise of our managers' networks could result in a disruption to operations, such as disruptions in fulfilling guest reservations, delayed bookings or sales, or lost guest reservations. any of these events could, in turn, result in disruption of the operations of the hotels we own that our managed by them, in increased costs and in potential litigation and liability. in addition, public disclosure, or loss of customer or proprietary information could result in damage to the manager's reputation and a loss of confidence among hotel guests and result in reputational harm for the hotels owned by us and managed by them, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition to the information technologies and systems of our managers used to operate our hotels, we have our own corporate technologies and systems that are used to access, store, transmit, and manage or support a variety of business processes.  there can be no assurance that the security measures we have taken to protect the contents of these systems will prevent failures, inadequacies or interruptions in system services or that system security will not be breached through physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses, and attacks by hackers. disruptions in service, system shutdowns and security breaches in the information technologies and systems we use, including unauthorized disclosure of confidential information, could have a material adverse effect on our business, our financial reporting and compliance, and subject us to liability claims or regulatory penalties which could be significant.
23
litigation judgments or settlements could have a significant adverse effect on our financial condition.
we are involved in various legal proceedings in the normal course of business and are vigorously defending these claims; however, no assurances can be given as to the outcome of any pending legal proceedings. we believe, based on currently available information, that the results of such proceedings, in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, but might be material to our operating results for any particular period, depending, in part, upon the operating results for such period. we also could become the subject of future claims by the operators of our hotels, individuals or companies who use our hotels, our investors, our joint venture partners or regulating entities and these claims could have a significant adverse effect on our financial condition and performance.
we depend on our key personnel.
our continued success depends on the efforts and abilities of our executive officers and other key personnel. none of our key personnel have employment agreements and we do not maintain key person life insurance for any of our executive officers. these individuals are important to our business and strategy and to the extent that any of them departs and is not replaced with a qualified substitute, such person's departure could harm our operations and financial condition.
exchange rate fluctuations could affect adversely our financial results.
as a result of the expansion of our international operations, currency exchange rate fluctuations could affect our results of operations and financial position. we generate revenue and expenses in such foreign currencies as the euro, the canadian dollar, the mexican peso, the australian dollar, the new zealand dollar, the british pound sterling, the polish zloty, swedish krona, the brazilian real, the indian rupee and the chilean peso. although we may enter into foreign exchange agreements with financial institutions and/or obtain local currency mortgage debt in order to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in the value of these and other foreign currencies, these transactions, if entered into, will not eliminate entirely that risk. to the extent that we are unable to match revenue received in foreign currencies with expenses paid in that same currency, exchange rate fluctuations could have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition. additionally, because our consolidated financial results are reported in u.s. dollars, if we generate revenues or earnings in other currencies, the conversion of such amounts to u.s. dollars can result in an increase or decrease in the amount of our revenues or earnings.
similarly, changes in the exchange rates of foreign currencies against the u.s. dollar can result in increases or decreases in demand at our u.s. properties from international travelers coming to the united states. because of the concentration of our hotels in u.s. gateway cities, we may have more exposure to fluctuations in international travel to the united states than other lodging companies not located as heavily in these markets.
applicable reit laws may restrict certain business activities.
as a reit, host inc. is subject to various restrictions on the types of income it can earn, assets it can own and activities in which it can engage. business activities that could be restricted by applicable reit laws include, but are not limited to, activities such as developing alternative uses of real estate, including the development and/or sale of timeshare or condominium units. due to these restrictions, we anticipate that we will conduct certain business activities, including those mentioned above, in one or more of our taxable reit subsidiaries. our taxable reit subsidiaries are taxable as regular c corporations and are subject to federal, state, local, and, if applicable, foreign taxation on their taxable income.
environmental problems are possible and can be costly.
we believe that our properties comply in all material respects with applicable environmental laws. unidentified environmental liabilities could arise, however, and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and performance. additionally, even after we have sold a property, we may be liable for environmental liabilities that occurred during our ownership. federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment may require a current or previous owner or operator of real estate to investigate and remediate hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum product releases at the property. the owner or operator may be required to pay a governmental entity or third parties for property damage, and for investigation and remediation costs incurred by the parties in connection with the contamination. these laws typically impose clean-up responsibility and liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of or caused the presence of the contaminants. even if more than one person may have been responsible for the contamination, each person covered by the environmental laws may be held responsible for all of the clean-up costs incurred. in addition, third parties may sue the owner or operator of a site for damages and costs resulting from environmental contamination emanating from that site. environmental laws also govern the presence, maintenance and removal of toxic or hazardous substances. these laws require that owners or operators of buildings properly manage and maintain these substances and notify and train those who may come into contact with them and undertake special precautions. these laws may impose fines and penalties on building owners or operators who fail to comply with these requirements and may allow third parties to seek recovery from owners or operators for personal injury associated with exposure to toxic or hazardous materials.
24
compliance with other government regulations can be costly.
our hotels are subject to various other forms of regulation, including title iii of the americans with disabilities act ("ada"), building codes and regulations pertaining to fire and life safety. under the ada, all public accommodations are required to meet certain federal rules related to access and use by disabled persons. these laws and regulations may be changed from time-to-time, or new regulations adopted, resulting in additional costs of compliance, including potential litigation. for example, the ada was revised substantially in september 2010 and our facilities were required to comply with the new regulations by march 15, 2012. a determination that we are not in compliance with the ada could result in a court order to bring the hotel into compliance, imposition of civil penalties in cases brought by the justice department, or an award of attorneys' fees to private litigants. compliance with the ada and other laws and regulations could require substantial capital expenditures. any increased costs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
in addition, the operations of our international properties are subject to a variety of united states and international laws and regulations, including the united states foreign corrupt practices act ("fcpa"). we have policies and procedures designed to promote compliance with the fcpa and other anti-corruption laws, but we cannot assure you that we will continue to be found to be operating in compliance with, or be able to detect violations of, any such laws or regulations. in addition, we cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our international properties might be subject and the manner in which existing laws might be administered or interpreted.
risks of ownership of host inc.'s common stock there are limitations on the acquisition of host inc. common stock and changes in control.
host inc.'s charter and by-laws, the partnership agreement of host l.p., and the maryland general corporation law (the "mgcl") contain a number of provisions, the exercise or existence of which could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for host inc.'s stockholders or host l.p.'s unitholders or otherwise be in their best interests, including the following:
●   restrictions on transfer and ownership of host inc.'s stock. to maintain host inc.'s qualification as a reit for federal income tax purposes, not more than 50% in value of host inc.'s outstanding shares of capital stock may be owned in the last half of the taxable year, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals, which, as defined in the code, may include certain entities. in addition, if host inc., or one or more owners of 10% or more of host inc., actually or constructively owns 10% or more of a tenant of host inc. or a tenant of any partnership in which host inc. is a partner, the rent received by host inc. either directly or through any such partnership from such tenant generally will not be qualifying income for purposes of the reit income qualification tests of the code, and, therefore, could jeopardize host inc.'s qualification as a reit, unless the tenant qualifies as a trs and certain other requirements are met.

accordingly, host inc.'s charter prohibits ownership, directly or by attribution, by any person or persons acting as a group, of more than 9.8% in value or number, whichever is more restrictive, of shares of host inc.'s outstanding common stock, preferred stock or any other class or series of stock, each considered as a separate class or series for this purpose. together, these limitations are referred to as the "ownership limit."
stock acquired or held in violation of the ownership limit will be transferred automatically to a trust for the benefit of a designated charitable beneficiary, and the intended acquirer of the stock in violation of the ownership limit will not be entitled to any distributions thereon, to vote those shares of stock or to receive any proceeds from the subsequent sale of the stock in excess of the lesser of the price paid for the stock or the amount realized from the sale. a transfer of shares of host inc.'s stock to a person who, as a result of the transfer, violates the ownership limit may be void under certain circumstances, and, in any event, would deny that person any of the economic benefits of owning shares of host inc.'s stock in excess of the ownership limit. these restrictions will not apply if host inc.'s board of directors determines that it no longer is in host inc.'s best interests to continue to qualify as a reit or that compliance with the restrictions on transfer and ownership no longer is required for host inc. to qualify as a reit.
●   removal of members of the board of directors. host inc.'s charter provides that, except for any directors who may be elected by holders of a class or series of shares of capital stock other than common stock, directors may be removed only for cause and by the affirmative vote of stockholders holding at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast in the election of directors. vacancies on host inc.'s board of directors may be filled, at any regular meeting or at any special meeting called for that purpose, by the affirmative vote of the remaining directors, except that a vacancy resulting from an increase in the number of directors may be filled by a majority vote of the entire board of directors. any vacancy resulting from the removal of a director by the stockholders may be filled by the affirmative vote of holders of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast in the election of directors.

25
●   preferred shares; classification or reclassification of unissued shares of capital stock without stockholder approval. host inc.'s charter provides that the total number of shares of stock of all classes that host inc. has authority to issue is 1,100,000,000, consisting of 1,050,000,000 shares of common stock and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock. host inc.'s board of directors has the authority, without a vote of stockholders, to classify or reclassify any unissued shares of stock into other classes or series of stock, and to establish the terms, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other distributions, qualifications and terms or conditions of redemption for each class or series. because host inc.'s board of directors has this power, it may give the holders of any class or series of stock terms, preferences, powers and rights, including voting rights, senior to the rights of holders of existing stock.

●   certain provisions of maryland law may limit the ability of a third-party to acquire control of host inc. certain provisions of the mgcl may have the effect of inhibiting a third-party from acquiring host inc., including:

o   "business combination" provisions that, subject to limitations, prohibit certain business combinations between a corporation and an "interested stockholder" (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns 10% or more of the voting power of the corporation's then outstanding shares of voting stock or an affiliate or associate of the corporation who, at any time within the two-year period immediately prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10% or more of the voting power of the then outstanding stock of the corporation) or an affiliate of any interested stockholder for five years after the most recent date on which the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder, and thereafter imposes two super-majority stockholder voting requirements on these combinations: and

o   "control share" provisions that provide that holders of "control shares" of a corporation (defined as voting shares of stock that, if aggregated with all other shares of stock owned or controlled by the acquirer, would entitle the acquirer to exercise one of three increasing ranges of voting power in electing directors) acquired in a "control share acquisition" (defined as the direct or indirect acquisition of issued and outstanding "control shares") have no voting rights except to the extent approved by the stockholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding all interested shares.

host inc. is subject to the maryland business combination statute. our by-laws contain a provision exempting us from the control share provisions of the mgcl. there can be no assurance that this by-law provision exempting us from the control share provisions will not be amended or eliminated at any time in the future.

●   merger, consolidation, share exchange and transfer of host inc.'s assets. under maryland law and host inc.'s charter, subject to the terms of any outstanding class or series of capital stock, we can merge with or into another entity, consolidate with one or more other entities, participate in a share exchange or transfer host inc.'s assets within the meaning of the mgcl if approved (1) by host inc.'s board of directors in the manner provided in the mgcl, and (2) by host inc.'s stockholders holding two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, except that any merger of host inc. with or into a trust organized for the purpose of changing host inc.'s form of organization from a corporation to a trust requires only the approval of host inc.'s stockholders holding a majority of all votes entitled to be cast on the merger. under the mgcl, specified mergers may be approved without a vote of stockholders and a share exchange only is required to be approved by the board of directors of a maryland corporation if the corporation is the successor entity. host inc.'s voluntary dissolution also would require approval of stockholders holding two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter.

●   certain charter and by-law amendments. host inc.'s charter contains provisions relating to restrictions on transfer and ownership of host inc.'s stock, fixing the size of the board of directors within the range set forth in the charter, removal of directors, the filling of vacancies, exculpation and indemnification of directors, calling special stockholder meetings and others, all of which may be amended only by a resolution adopted by the board of directors and approved by host inc.'s stockholders holding two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. other charter amendments generally require approval of the board and the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. as permitted under the mgcl, host inc.'s charter and by-laws provide that the board of directors has the exclusive right to amend host inc.'s by-laws. these provisions may make it more difficult to amend host inc.'s charter and by-laws to alter the provisions described herein that could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control or the acquisition of host inc. common stock, without the approval of the board of directors.

shares of host inc.'s common stock that are or become available for sale could affect the share price of host inc.'s common stock.
we have in the past and may in the future issue additional shares of common stock to raise the capital necessary to finance hotel acquisitions, fund capital expenditures, refinance debt or for other corporate purposes. sales of a substantial number of shares of host inc.'s common stock, or the perception that sales could occur, could affect adversely prevailing market prices for host inc.'s common stock. in addition, holders of op units who redeem their units and receive, at host inc.'s election, shares of host inc. common stock will be able to sell those shares freely. as of december 31, 2014, there are approximately 9.3 million op units outstanding owned by third parties that are redeemable, which represents approximately 1% of all outstanding units. further, a substantial number of shares of host inc.'s common stock have been and will be issued or reserved for issuance from time to time under our employee benefit
26
plans. we currently maintain two stock-based compensation plans: (i) the comprehensive stock plan, whereby we may award to participating employees and directors restricted shares of common stock, options to purchase common stock and deferred shares of common stock, and (ii) an employee stock purchase plan. at december 31, 2014, there were approximately 17 million shares of host inc.'s common stock reserved and available for issuance under the comprehensive stock plan and employee stock purchase plan and 0.8 million outstanding options exercisable with a weighted average exercise price of $17.35 per share.
also as of december 31, 2014, host l.p. had outstanding $400 million principal amount of exchangeable senior debentures that currently are exchangeable for cash, shares of host inc.'s common stock or any combination thereof. assuming the holders elected to exchange and we elected to settle in shares of host inc. common stock, the debentures would be exchangeable for approximately 31.1 million shares based on the current exchange price. the exchange price is adjusted proportionately based on dividends paid on host inc. common stock. while these debentures currently are exchangeable through march 31, 2015 based on past trading prices of host inc. common stock, whether they remain exchangeable after march 31, 2015 will depend on the then current trading prices of host inc. common stock.
our earnings and cash distributions will affect the market price of shares of host inc.'s common stock.
we believe that the market value of a reit's equity securities is based primarily upon the market's perception of the reit's growth potential and its current and potential future cash distributions, whether from operations, sales, acquisitions, development or refinancings, and secondarily is based upon the value of the underlying assets. for that reason, shares of host inc.'s common stock may trade at prices that are higher or lower than the net asset value per share. to the extent that we retain operating cash flow for investment purposes, working capital reserves or other purposes, rather than distributing the cash flow to stockholders, these retained funds, while increasing the value of our underlying assets, may impact negatively the market price of host inc.'s common stock. our failure to meet the market's expectation with regard to future earnings and cash distributions likely would affect adversely the market price of host inc.'s common stock.
federal income tax risks adverse tax consequences would occur if host inc. or any of its subsidiary reits fail to qualify as a reit.
we believe that host inc. has been organized and has operated in such a manner so as to qualify as a reit under the code, commencing with its taxable year beginning january 1, 1999, and host inc. currently intends to continue to operate as a reit during future years. in addition, host inc. owns, through host l.p., two entities that have elected to be treated as reits. as the requirements for qualification and taxation as a reit are extremely complex and interpretations of the federal income tax laws governing qualification and taxation as a reit are limited, no assurance can be provided that host inc. currently qualifies as a reit or will continue to qualify as a reit or that each of host inc.'s subsidiary reits qualify as a reit or will continue to qualify as a reit. if any of the subsidiary reits were to fail to qualify as a reit, it is possible that host inc. would fail to qualify as a reit unless it (or the subsidiary reit) could avail itself of certain relief provisions. new legislation, treasury regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could change significantly the tax laws with respect to an entity's qualification as a reit or the federal income tax consequences of its reit qualification. if host inc. or any of its subsidiary reits were to fail to qualify as a reit, and any available relief provisions did not apply, the non-qualifying reit would not be allowed to take a deduction for distributions to its stockholders in computing its taxable income, and it would be subject to federal and state corporate income tax, including any applicable alternative minimum tax, on its taxable income at regular corporate rates. moreover, unless entitled to statutory relief, the non-qualifying reit would not qualify as a reit for the four taxable years following the year during which reit qualification was lost.
to qualify as a reit, host inc. is required to satisfy several asset and income tests. our ability to satisfy the asset tests depends upon our analysis of the characterization and fair market values of our assets, some of which are not susceptible to a precise determination, and for which we will not obtain independent appraisals. our compliance with the reit income and quarterly asset test requirements also depends upon our ability to successfully manage the composition of our income and assets on an ongoing basis. accordingly, there can be no assurance that the irs will not contend that our hotel leases, interests in subsidiaries, or interests in securities of other issuers will not cause a violation of the reit requirements.
any determination that host inc. or one of its subsidiary reits does not qualify as a reit will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and could reduce materially the value of host inc.'s common stock. the additional tax liability of host inc. or the subsidiary reit for the year, or years, in which the relevant entity did not qualify as a reit would reduce its net earnings available for investment, debt service or distributions to stockholders. furthermore, the non-qualifying entity no longer would be required to make distributions to its stockholders as a condition to reit qualification and all of its distributions to stockholders would be taxable as ordinary c corporation dividends to the extent of its current and accumulated earnings and profits. this means that, if host inc. were to fail to qualify as a reit, host inc.'s stockholders currently taxed as individuals would be taxed on those dividends at capital gain rates and host inc.'s corporate stockholders generally would be entitled to the dividends received deduction with respect to such dividends, subject in each case to applicable limitations under the code. host inc.'s failure to qualify as a reit also
27
would cause an event of default under host l.p.'s credit facility, which default could lead to an acceleration of the amounts due thereunder, which, in turn, would constitute an event of default under host l.p.'s outstanding debt securities.
if our hotel managers do not qualify as "eligible independent contractors," or if our hotels are not "qualified lodging facilities," host inc. will fail to qualify as a reit.
each hotel with respect to which our trs lessee pays rent must be a "qualified lodging facility." a "qualified lodging facility" is a hotel, motel, or other establishment more than one-half of the dwelling units in which are used on a transient basis, including customary amenities and facilities, provided that no wagering activities are conducted at or in connection with such facility by any person who is engaged in the business of accepting wagers and who legally is authorized to engage in such business at or in connection with such facility. we believe that all of the hotels leased to our trs are qualified lodging facilities. although we intend to monitor future acquisitions and improvements of hotels, the reit provisions of the code provide only limited guidance for making determinations under the requirements for qualified lodging facilities, and there can be no assurance that these requirements will be satisfied in all cases.
if our hotel managers do not qualify as "eligible independent contractors," host inc. likely will fail to qualify as a reit for federal income tax purposes. each of the hotel management companies that enters into a management contract with our trs must qualify as an "eligible independent contractor" under the reit rules in order for the rent paid to us by our trs to be qualifying income for our reit income test requirements. among other requirements, in order to qualify as an eligible independent contractor, a hotel manager must not own more than 35% of our outstanding shares (by value) and no person or group of persons can own more than 35% of our outstanding shares and the ownership interests of the hotel manager, taking into account only owners of more than 5% of our shares and, with respect to ownership interests in such hotel managers that are publicly traded, only holders of more than 5% of such ownership interests. complex ownership attribution rules apply for purposes of these 35% thresholds. although we monitor ownership of our shares by our hotel managers and their owners, and certain provisions of our charter are designed to prevent ownership of our shares in violation of these rules, there can be no assurance that these ownership levels will not be exceeded.
our ownership of our trs will be limited and our transactions with our trs will cause us to be subject to a 100% penalty tax on certain income or deductions if those transactions are not conducted on arm's-length terms.
a reit may own up to 100% of the equity interest of an entity that is a corporation for federal income tax purposes if the entity is a trs. a trs may hold assets and earn income that would not be considered as qualifying assets or as qualifying income if held or earned directly by a reit, including gross operating income from hotel operations pursuant to hotel management agreements. both the subsidiary and the reit must jointly elect to treat the subsidiary as a trs. a corporation of which a trs directly or indirectly owns more than 35% of the voting power or value of the stock automatically will be treated as a trs. overall, no more than 25% of the value of a reit's assets may consist of stock or securities of one or more trs. in addition, the trs rules limit the deductibility of interest paid or accrued by a trs to its parent reit in order to assure that the trs is subject to an appropriate level of corporate taxation.
our trs will pay federal income tax and applicable state and local income tax and, if applicable, foreign income tax on its taxable income, and its after-tax net income will be available for distribution to us but is not required to be distributed by such trs to us. we believe that the aggregate value of the stock and securities of our trs has been and will be less than 25% of the value of our total assets (including our trs stock and securities). furthermore, we monitor the value of our investments in our trs for the purpose of ensuring compliance with trs ownership limitations. there can be no assurance, however, that we will be able to comply with the 25% limitation discussed above.
rents paid to us by our trs may not be based on net income or profits to qualify as "rents from real property." we receive "percentage rents" calculated based on gross revenues of the hotels subject to leases to our trs - not on net income or profits. if the irs determines that the rents charged under our leases with our trs are excessive, their deductibility may be challenged at the trs level, and we could be subject to a 100% excise tax on "re-determined rent" or "re-determined deductions" to the extent rents exceed an arm's length amount. we believe that our rents reflect normal business practices in this regard but there can be no assurance that the irs will agree.
despite the reit status of each of host inc. and its subsidiary reits, we remain subject to various taxes.
one of the subsidiary reits of host inc. will be required to pay federal income tax at the highest regular corporate rate on "built-in gain" recognized as a result of the sale of one or more of its hotels prior to the expiration of the applicable 10-year holding period, including certain hotels acquired from starwood and its affiliates in 2006. the total amount of gain on which the subsidiary reit would be subject to corporate income tax if all of its built-in gain assets were sold in a taxable transaction prior to the expiration of the applicable 10-year holding period would be material to it. recently enacted legislation, however, has reduced the 10-year period
28
to five years in the case of dispositions of assets in 2012, 2013, and 2014. in addition, we expect that we could recognize other substantial deferred tax liabilities in the future without any corresponding receipt of cash.
notwithstanding host inc.'s status as a reit, host inc. and our subsidiaries (including our subsidiary reits) are subject to federal, state, local and foreign taxes on their income and property in certain cases.
host l.p. is obligated under its partnership agreement to pay all such taxes (and any related interest and penalties) incurred by host inc.
risks relating to redemption of op units a holder who offers its op units for redemption may have adverse tax consequences.
a holder who elects to redeem their op units will be treated for federal and state income tax purposes as having sold the op units. the sale of these units is a taxable event and the holder thereof will be treated as realizing an amount equal to the sum of (1) the value of the common stock or cash the holder receives, and (2) the amount of host l.p.'s nonrecourse liabilities allocated to the redeemed op units. the gain or loss recognized by the holder of op units is measured by the difference between the amount realized by the holder and the holder's tax basis in the op units redeemed (which tax basis includes the amount of host l.p.'s nonrecourse liabilities allocated to the redeemed op units). it is possible that the amount of gain and/or the tax liability related thereto that the holder recognizes and pays could exceed the value of the common stock or cash that the holder receives.
differences between an investment in shares of host inc. common stock and host l.p. op units may affect redeemed holders of op units.
if a holder elects to redeem their op units, we will determine whether the holder receives cash or shares of host inc.'s common stock in exchange for the op units. although an investment in shares of host inc.'s common stock is substantially similar to an investment in host l.p. op units, there are some differences.  these differences include form of organization, management structure, voting rights, liquidity and federal and state income taxation, some of which differences may be material to investors.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations

the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this report.
overview host inc. operates as a self-managed and self-administered reit that owns properties and conducts operations through host l.p., of which host inc. is the sole general partner and in which it holds approximately 99% of its common op units as of december 31, 2014. the remainder of host l.p.'s common op units are owned by various unaffiliated limited partners. host inc. has the exclusive and complete responsibility for host l.p.'s day-to-day management and control.
host inc. is the largest lodging reit in nareit's composite index and one of the largest owners of luxury and upper upscale hotel properties. as of february 20, 2015, we own 114 hotels in the united states and internationally and have minority ownership interests in an additional 25 hotels through joint ventures in the united states, europe and the asia/pacific region. these hotels are primarily operated under brand names that are among the most respected and widely recognized in the lodging industry. the majority are located in central business districts of major cities, near airports and in resort/conference destinations that benefit from significant barriers to entry by competitors. since 2004, the percentage of revenues from our target markets has increased from approximately 65% to 80% in 2014, as we have focused our acquisition efforts on these locations, and similarly disposed of non-core assets. while hotels in these markets still are subject to competitive pressures, we believe this strategy of combining quality assets with superior locations provides opportunities to achieve room rate and occupancy premiums in excess of our competitors.
our customers fall into three broad groups: transient business, group business and contract business, which accounted for approximately 61%, 34%, and 5%, respectively, of our 2014 room sales. transient business broadly represents individual business or leisure travelers. business travelers make up the majority of transient demand at our hotels. therefore, we will be significantly more affected by trends in business travel than trends in leisure demand. for a discussion of our customer categories, see " - our customers".
understanding our performance our revenues and expenses. our hotels are operated by third-party managers under long-term agreements, pursuant to which they typically earn base and incentive management fees based on the levels of revenues and profitability of each individual hotel. we provide operating funds, or working capital, which the managers use to purchase inventory and to pay wages, utilities, property taxes and other hotel-level expenses. we generally receive a cash distribution from our hotel managers each month, which distribution reflects hotel-level sales less property-level operating expenses (excluding depreciation).
the following table presents the components of our hotel revenue as a percentage of our total revenue:
% of 2014
revenues

·   rooms revenue. occupancy and average daily room rate are the major drivers of rooms revenue. the business mix of the hotel (group versus transient and retail versus discount business) is a significant driver of room rates.                                                                        64   %
·   food and beverage revenue. food &amp; beverage revenues consist of revenues from group functions, which may include both banquet revenue and audio and visual revenues, as well as outlet revenues from the restaurants and lounges at our properties.                                                29   %
·   other revenue. occupancy, the nature of the property (e.g., resort, etc.) and its price point are the main drivers of other ancillary revenue, such as parking, golf course, spa, entertainment and other guest services. this category also includes retail and apartment rental revenue.             7   %
37
hotel operating expenses represent approximately 99% of our total operating costs and expenses. the following table presents the components of our hotel operating expenses as a percentage of our total operating costs and expenses:
% of 2014
operating costs and expenses

·   rooms expense. these costs include housekeeping, reservation systems, room supplies, laundry services and front desk costs. occupancy is the major driver of rooms expense. these costs can increase based on increases in salaries and wages, as well as on the level of service and amenities that are provided.                                                        20   %
·   food and beverage expense. these expenses primarily include food, beverage and the associated labor costs and will correlate closely with food and beverage revenues. group functions with banquet sales and audio and visual components will generally have lower overall costs as a percentage of revenues than outlet sales.                                           24   %
·   other departmental and support expenses. these expenses include labor and other costs associated with other ancillary revenue, such as parking, golf courses, spas, entertainment and other guest services, as well as labor and other costs associated with administrative departments, sales and marketing, repairs and minor maintenance and utility costs.            27   %
·   management fees. base management fees are computed as a percentage of gross revenue. incentive management fees generally are paid when operating profits exceed certain threshold levels.                                                                                                                                                                                  5   %
·   other property-level expenses. these expenses consist primarily of real and personal property taxes, ground rent, equipment rent and property insurance. many of these expenses are relatively inflexible and do not necessarily change based on changes in revenue at our hotels.                                                                                         8   %
·   depreciation and amortization expense. this is a non-cash expense that changes primarily based on the acquisition and disposition of hotel properties and the level of past capital expenditures.                                                                                                                                                                         15   %
the expense components listed above are based on those presented in our consolidated statements of operations. it also is worth noting that wage and benefit costs are spread among various line items. taken separately, these costs represent approximately 55% of our hotel operating expenses.
key performance indicators. revenue per available room ("revpar") is a commonly used measure within the hotel industry to evaluate hotel operations. revpar is defined as the product of the average daily room rate charged and the average daily occupancy achieved. revpar does not include food and beverage, parking, or other guest service revenues generated by the property. although revpar does not include these ancillary revenues, it is considered the key indicator of core revenues for many hotels.
revpar changes that are driven by occupancy have different implications on overall revenue levels, as well as incremental operating profit, than do changes that are driven by average room rate. for example, increases in occupancy at a hotel will lead to increases in rooms revenues and ancillary revenues, such as food and beverage revenue, as well as additional incremental costs (including housekeeping services, utilities and room amenity costs). revpar increases due to higher room rates, however, will not result in additional room-related costs, with the exception of those charged as a percentage of revenue. as a result, changes in revpar driven by increases or decreases in average room rates have a greater effect on profitability than do changes in revpar caused by occupancy levels.
in discussing our operating results, we present revpar and certain other financial data for our hotels on a comparable hotel basis. comparable hotels are those properties that we have owned for the entirety of the reporting periods being compared and which operations have been included in our consolidated results. comparable hotels do not include the results of properties acquired or sold, or that incurred business interruption due to significant property damage or large scale capital improvements. we also present revpar separately for our comparable consolidated domestic and international (both on a nominal and constant dollar basis) hotels, as well as for our joint venture in europe. we provide revpar results in constant currency due to the number of consolidated properties we have internationally and the effect that exchange rates have on our reporting. we use constant currency because we believe it is useful to investors as it provides clarity on how the hotels are performing in their local markets. for all other measures (net income, operating profit, ebitda, ffo, etc.) our discussion refers only to nominal us$, which is consistent with our financial statement presentation under gaap.
38
we also evaluate the performance of our business through certain non-gaap financial measures. each of these non-gaap financial measures should be considered by investors as supplemental measures to gaap performance measures such as total revenues, operating profit, net income and earnings per share. we provide a more detailed discussion of these non-gaap financial measures, how management uses such measures to evaluate our financial condition and operating performance and a discussion of certain limitations of such measures in "-non-gaap financial measures." our non-gaap financial measures include:
●   nareit funds from operations ("ffo") and adjusted ffo per diluted share. we use nareit ffo and adjusted ffo per diluted share as supplemental measures of company-wide profitability. nareit adopted ffo in order to promote an industry-wide measure of reit operating performance. we also adjust nareit ffo for gains and losses on extinguishment of debt, acquisition costs and litigation gains or losses outside the ordinary course of business.

●   comparable hotel ebitda. hotel ebitda measures property-level results before debt service, depreciation and corporate expenses (as this is a property level measure) and is a supplemental measure of aggregate property-level profitability. we use hotel ebitda and associated margins to evaluate the profitability of our comparable hotels.

●   ebitda and adjusted ebitda. earnings before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization ("ebitda") is a supplemental measure of our operating performance and facilitates comparisons between us and other lodging reits, hotel owners who are not reits and other capital-intensive companies. we also adjust ebitda for gains and losses related to real estate transactions, impairment losses and litigation gains or losses outside the ordinary course of business ("adjusted ebitda").

summary of 2014 operating results the following table reflects certain line items from our audited statements of operations and the significant operating statistics (in millions, except per share and hotel statistics):
historical income statement data:
change                                      change

2014                2013                   2013 to 2014         2012                   2012 to 2013
total revenues                              $5,354              $5,166                   3.6     %          $5,059                   2.1     %
net income                                     747                 325                 129.8     %              63                 415.9     %
operating profit                               710                 512                  38.7     %             362                  41.4     %
operating profit margin under gaap            13.3   %             9.9   %               340   bps             7.2   %               270   bps adjusted ebitda                             $1,402              $1,306                   7.4     %          $1,190                   9.7     %
diluted earnings per share                    $.96                $.42                 128.6     %            $.08                 425.0     %
nareit ffo per diluted share                  1.57                1.26                  24.6     %            1.04                  21.2     %
adjusted ffo per diluted share                1.50                1.31                  14.5     %            1.10                  19.1     %
comparable hotel data:

2014 comparable hotels (1)                                                  2013 comparable hotels (1)
change                                                                      change
2014                               2013                2013 to 2014         2013                               2012                2012 to 2013
comparable hotel revenues                                               $4,973                  $4,740                         4.9   %              $4,670                  $4,452                         4.9   %
comparable hotel ebitda                                                  1,318                   1,200                         9.8   %               1,190                   1,089                         9.3   %
comparable hotel ebitda margin                                            26.5   %                25.3   %                     120   bps              25.5   %                24.5   %                     100   bps change in comparable hotel revpar - constant us$ (2)                       5.7   %                                                                     5.8   %
change in comparable hotel revpar - nominal us$ (2)                        5.3   %                                                                     5.6   %
change in comparable domestic revpar                                       5.4   %                                                                     5.9   %
change in comparable international revpar - constant us$ (2)              10.2   %                                                                     3.9   %
___________
(1)   comparable hotel operating statistics for 2014 and 2013 are based on 106 comparable hotels as of december 31, 2014, while the comparable hotel operating statistics for 2013 and 2012 are based on 105 comparable hotels as of december 31, 2013.

(2)   for a discussion of our constant us$ and nominal us$ presentation, see "-comparable hotel operating statistics."

39
in 2014, on a constant us$ basis, revpar at our comparable hotels increased 5.7% compared to 2013, marking the fifth straight year of comparable revpar growth in excess of 5.5%. our results were impacted by a number of key factors, starting with the improving u.s. economy, which saw gdp growth and a decline in unemployment, though this was partially offset by limited wage growth which tempered consumer spending. corporate business, a key demand driver of our portfolio, experienced slower, but solid growth in 2014 when compared to 2013. our domestic gateway properties have benefited from increases in demand from travel to the u.s. as international arrivals increased, though we expect that to moderate as a result of the strengthening dollar. lastly, many of our hotels' results were impacted by increased capital expenditures projects in the fourth quarter of 2014, which slowed revpar and profit growth, a trend that we expect will be more significant throughout 2015.
rooms revpar growth in 2014 at our comparable hotels was both rate and occupancy driven, as room rates improved 4.8% on a constant us$ basis and occupancy improved 60 basis points to 77%, our highest occupancy since our prior peak. our operators have been able to leverage the higher occupancy levels in order to gradually increase room rates, particularly for our transient business, which increased 5.1%. group revenue increased 5.6%, driven by a 2.7% increase in room nights coupled with a 2.8% increase in rates. group business was inconsistent throughout the year, as strong growth in the first and third quarters were each followed by slower growth in the second quarter and a decline in the fourth quarter, partially due to renovations.
comparable revpar at our domestic portfolio increased 5.4% for the year, driven by a 4.6% improvement in room rates. our san francisco and seattle hotels led our domestic portfolio with revpar increases of 15.2% and 12.8%, respectively, as already high levels of demand and solid group business allowed for average room rate increases of approximately 12% in both markets. our new york and washington, d.c. markets lagged the portfolio with revpar increases of 3.3% and 1.9%, respectively, as both markets have had a recent influx of new supply, the impact of which will continue into 2015.
on a constant us$ basis, revpar at our comparable consolidated international hotels increased 10.2% in 2014, led by our latin american properties with an 18.4% increase in average room rate and a 23.3% increase in revpar on a constant us$ basis. the jw marriott hotel rio de janeiro benefited from the fifa world cup, resulting in a revpar increase of 27.3% for the full year. comparable revpar in constant euros for the euro jv properties, which are unconsolidated, increased 2.5% for the full year reflecting the continued slow growth of the region.
rooms expenses increased 4.8% for the full year on a comparable hotel basis, driven by an increase in travel agent commissions and an increase in the rooms hourly wage rate of 3.1%. as a result, cost per occupied room increased 4.0% at our comparable hotels. for the year, rooms department profit at our comparable hotels increased 5.5%.
food and beverage food and beverage revenues at our comparable hotels increased 3.8% for 2014. the increase was driven primarily by a positive mix shift to banquet and audio visual revenues, which provide higher overall operating margins than outlet revenue, as catered functions generally are more profitable. for the year, banquet and audio visual revenues at our comparable hotels increased 5.1%. overall, total food and beverage revenues increased by 2.9% compared to 2013. increased productivity, along with the shift of business to banquet and audio visual revenues, contributed to a 6.8% increase in food and beverage department profit for the year.
other revenues other revenues at our comparable hotels increased 5.9% due to an increase in garage revenues, coupled with higher rents throughout the portfolio.
operating profit operating margins (calculated based on gaap operating profit as a percentage of gaap revenues) increased 340 basis points for the full year 2014. these operating margins are affected significantly by several items, including operations from recently acquired hotels, dispositions, depreciation, impairments, and corporate expenses. our comparable hotel ebitda margins, which exclude these items, increased 120 basis points to 26.5%. the improvements were driven by the increase in average room rate, as well as the 6.8% increase in comparable food and beverage profit described above. additionally, declines in several of our expense categories at our comparable hotels, including incentive management fees and property insurance, as well as below inflationary growth in utilities and nearly flat ground rent, contributed to the growth in operating profit margins during 2014. these expense categories are expected to increase at a more normalized level in 2015, which will slow overall margin growth.
40
net income for host inc. improved $422 million in 2014 to $747 million. host inc.'s diluted income per common share improved $0.54 per common share to $0.96 per common share. net income and diluted income per share benefited from the following:
·   adjusted ebitda increased $96 million, or 7.4%, to $1.4 billion, reflecting improvement in hotel operations and an increase in adjusted ebitda from our unconsolidated joint ventures, partially offset by a decline due to the net effect of our recent acquisitions and dispositions;

·   a decrease in interest expense of $90 million due to a reduction in the overall debt balance and weighted average interest rate, combined with a decline in debt extinguishments costs compared to the prior year. the growth in earnings, coupled with the decrease in interest expense, resulted in an increase in host inc.'s adjusted ffo per diluted share of 14.5% to $1.50 per diluted share;

·   an increase in gains on asset sales of $105 million (in 2013, certain of the gains are included in discontinued operations); and

·   a gain of $71 million recorded in 2014 for the successful resolution of litigation.

the trends and transactions described above for host inc. affected similarly the operating results for host l.p, as the only significant difference between the host inc. and host l.p. statements of operations relates to the treatment of income attributable to the outside partners of host l.p. for the year, host l.p.'s net income improved $422 million to $747 million, and the diluted income per common unit improved $0.56 per common unit to $0.99 per common unit.
2015 outlook for 2015, we expect continued strength in the u.s. lodging industry as overall growth in gdp, driven by strong employment, consumer confidence and business investment, is expected to continue to drive consistent demand growth. at the same time, we anticipate that supply growth will increase compared to recent years, but will remain below historical levels for the industry overall, although growth in individual markets may vary. as a result, we anticipate solid revpar growth in the u.s. lodging industry during 2015. as occupancy levels at our properties in target markets and gateway cities are currently at, or near, prior peak levels, we expect that the majority of the growth will be rate driven, which should lead to improvements in our operating margins and results. we anticipate that our results will be driven by strong transient demand and improvement in group performance.
in the near-term, we are anticipating that certain trends will negatively impact our 2015 results. our portfolio has a large exposure to new york and washington d.c., which represent 27% of our revenues. these markets recently have experienced above market levels of supply growth. we continue to believe that these are strong gateway markets that will drive long-term value; however, the recent supply growth is expected to cause these markets to underperform in 2015. we also expect the growth in international travel to our gateway markets to slow in 2015 due to the relative strength in the u.s. dollar and weakness in the global economy. further, we will be completing several significant renovations at many of our largest hotels in 2015, as our redevelopment and return on investment capital expenditures are expected to more than double over 2014 levels. when operating at high occupancy, these renovations have more noticeable disruption effects. based on these factors, we anticipate that the overall strength of the lodging industry, partially offset by short-term challenges in our portfolio, will lead to domestic year-over-year growth in revpar of 4.75% to 5.75%.
we expect the increase in united states lodging demand to outpace international growth. in europe, while there are areas of growth, the overall economy remains in a tenuous position as strategies to promote overall growth compete with sovereign debt issues. additionally, the slowdown in china's growth and the decline in oil prices are expected to impact lodging demand in commodity driven countries such as australia, canada, chile and brazil, where we have direct investments. difficult year-over-year comparisons, such as the world cup in brazil in 2014, also will weigh on revpar growth. as a result, we expect our revpar for our consolidated international portfolio to be flat to an increase of 2.0% compared to 2014 on a constant dollar basis.
for the portfolio as a whole, we anticipate that revpar, on a constant us$ basis, will increase 4.5% to 5.5%. however, growth in net income, operating profit and adjusted ebitda will be affected negatively by hotel sales and renovation disruption at several of our properties despite the growth in revpar. while we believe that the lodging industry will continue to improve, there can be no assurances that any increases in hotel revenues or earnings at our properties will continue for any number of reasons, including, but not limited to, slower than anticipated growth in the economy, greater than anticipated disruption from renovations to our hotels and changes in travel patterns. see part i item 1a. "risk factors."
41
strategic initiatives portfolio acquisitions and development. we continue to seek investment opportunities in our target markets, which we have identified as those that are expected over the long term to have the greatest lodging demand growth, the fewest additions to supply, and the strongest potential for revenue growth. we see increased competition for acquisitions in our target markets due to the accessibility of capital and the current availability of inexpensive financing. consequently, pricing for upper upscale and luxury assets has become more aggressive, and recent transaction values have approached replacement cost levels, a trend we expect to continue in 2015. in 2014, we acquired one hotel in each of our target markets of san francisco and miami, and both hotels are managed by independent operators, as follows:
●   on january 21, 2014, we acquired the 151-room powell hotel in san francisco, including the fee simple interest in the land, for $75 million. the property is located in the heart of downtown san francisco, two blocks from union square, three blocks from the moscone convention center and across from the historic cable car turnaround. the property includes a significant long-term retail lease with sephora, a leading provider of perfume and cosmetics. the hotel, operated by kokua hospitality, currently is closed for renovation and will reopen in september 2015 and will be renamed the axiom hotel.

●   on august 11, 2014, we acquired the 242-room b2 miami downtown hotel for approximately $58 million. the hotel is located in miami's business and financial district, within walking distance of the american airlines arena, across from bayfront park and with unobstructed water views. the hotel has been renamed the yve hotel miami and is being managed by destination hotels &amp; resorts.

●   in the fourth quarter of 2014, we opened the 149-room novotel and 256-room ibis rio de janeiro parque olimpico in barra da tijuca, both managed by accor. our total investment in the development project was r$139 million ($65 million).

dispositions.  we sold five properties in 2014 for a total sales price of $519 million, including an 89% interest of the philadelphia marriott downtown. these properties are non-core assets where we believe the potential for growth is constrained or where we were able to take advantage of attractive pricing in the market. for further detail, see "-liquidity and capital resources."
during 2015, we believe the disposition market should remain favorable, including increased interest in secondary markets as a result of increased liquidity.
capital investment value enhancement. we also look to enhance the value of our portfolio by identifying and executing strategies seeking to achieve the highest and best use of all aspects of our properties. this may include extending ground leases or restructuring management agreements, as well as developing or disposing of underutilized space connected to our properties. we believe that the successful execution of these projects will create significant value for the company. significant value enhancement initiatives include:
●   in december 2014, we opened hyatt ka'anapali beach, a hyatt residence club, in which we hold a 67% non-controlling interest. the 131-unit vacation ownership project in maui, hawaii is adjacent to our hyatt regency maui resort &amp; spa. the total development cost of the project as of december 31, 2014 was approximately $180 million, of which $86 million was financed through a construction loan. in 2014, the maui jv recognized $54 million in sales of the timeshare units.

●   in collaboration with vornado realty trust, on november 18, 2014, we unveiled a 25,000 square foot high-definition digital advertising display alongside the new york marriott marquis. the remaining redevelopment and leasing of the retail space of the hotel is scheduled to be completed by late 2015.

●   we have extended the ground lease by 30 years through 2104 at the atlanta marriott suites midtown and obtained flexibility with respect to lease provisions that govern the brand, operator and sub-lease provisions of the asset in return for a small increase in minimum rent. additionally, in february 2015, we completed the purchase of the ground lease at the sheraton indianapolis hotel at keystone crossing, along with two out-parcels, for $4.6 million.

capital expenditures projects. we continue to pursue opportunities to enhance asset value through select capital improvements, including projects that are designed specifically to increase the eco-efficiency of our hotels, incorporate elements of sustainable design and replace aging equipment and systems with more efficient technology.  capital expenditures have totaled approximately $2.4 billion over the past five years and, as a result, we believe that our properties are in a strong competitive position relative to their market competitors. during 2014, we completed renovations to 4,000 guestrooms, approximately 535,000 square feet of meeting space and almost 128,000 square feet of public space.
42
●   redevelopment, return on investment and acquisition capital expenditures. redevelopment and roi projects primarily consist of large-scale redevelopment projects designed to increase cash flow and improve profitability by capitalizing on changing market conditions and the favorable location of our properties. additionally, in conjunction with the acquisition of a property, we prepare capital and operational improvement plans designed to maximize profitability, which we refer to as acquisition capital expenditures. approximately $112 million was spent on redevelopment and return on investment projects, including acquisition capital expenditures, during 2014 compared to $133 million in 2013. significant redevelopment and roi capital expenditures during the year included the following projects:

o   the fairmont kea lani maui - expansion of the 9,000 square foot willow stream spa;

o   sheraton memphis downtown - conversion and repositioning, including the renovation of over 21,000 square feet of public space and all 600 guest rooms;

o   sheraton new york times square - completion of a steam to gas conversion, where the hotel operates on its own boiler plant instead of the local utility. a similar project at the new york marriott marquis will be completed in the first quarter of 2015. the projects are expected to result in cost savings and decrease our carbon emissions;

o   manchester grand hyatt san diego - renovation of over 100,000 square feet of meeting space and the expansion of the fitness center as part of the multi-year $84 million renovation of the hotel;

o   the renovation of six food and beverage outlets, which brings our total number of restaurant renovations to 22 over the past three years; and

o   we added over 11,000 square feet of meeting space to our portfolio in order to enhance our appeal to the higher rated corporate segment.

for 2015, we expect to spend between $245 million and $260 million for redevelopment and roi projects, including acquisition capital expenditures. these projects for 2015 include the following:
o   the axiom hotel, san francisco - in conjunction with a substantial $33 million renovation, the recently acquired powell hotel, located in the heart of downtown san francisco, was closed on january 2, 2015 and will be converted to a new independent identity and renamed the axiom hotel. it is expected to reopen in late 2015.

o   marriott marquis san diego marina - in december 2014, the demolition of the existing conference center commenced in order to begin construction of the new $106 million marriott marquis san diego marina exhibit hall, which, upon completion, will provide approximately 180,000 square feet of expanded and modernized space for conferences and events.

o   philadelphia luxury hotel - we recently announced that we will close the four seasons philadelphia in june 2015 as part of a project to convert the property to a contemporary, independent hotel operated by sage hospitality. the renovation will include extensive improvements to the ballroom, meeting space and spa and fitness center, while introducing a new roof-top lounge, high-end coffee bar and new restaurant concept. the hotel is expected to reopen late in 2015.

o   houston airport marriott - this $53 million project includes the complete repositioning of the hotel and is expected to be completed in december 2015. guest rooms will receive a renovation of the soft and case goods and bathroom. we will be closing two restaurants and creating a new food and beverage outlet and lobby experience.

o   grand hyatt washington - we have begun a $12 million public space repositioning project. the project includes the structural reconfiguration of the lobby, retail space, restaurant space and the atrium. the project commenced in december 2014 and is expected to conclude in may 2015.

o   sheraton santiago hotel &amp; convention center - we intend to complete an extensive guestroom renovation that involves the reconfiguration of bathrooms, all new case goods and an expansion of the current room count from 379 to 384. the renovation will require a temporary closure of a significant portion of the guestrooms, simultaneously on multiple floors, due to the building tower structure.

we plan to complete one additional hotel renovation related to a rebranding project in 2015. also, in early 2015, we announced that sage hospitality has been selected to manage the denver marriott tech center hotel pursuant to a marriott franchise agreement. we plan to implement a transformational renovation that will include a new lobby and lounge and upgrades to the meeting space and food and beverage platforms. the renovation is expected to begin in late 2015, with the majority of the work in 2016.
●   renewal and replacement capital expenditures. we spent $324 million and $303 million on renewal and replacement expenditures during 2014 and 2013, respectively. these expenditures are designed to ensure that our high standards for

43
product quality are maintained and to enhance the overall competitiveness of our properties in the marketplace. these projects included the renovation of 3,000 rooms, 56,000 square feet of public space and 290,000 square feet of meeting space in 2014. projects which were underway during the fourth quarter of 2014 included guestrooms at the new orleans marriott, the westin chicago river north, jw marriott houston, calgary marriott downtown, san antonio marriott riverwalk and jw marriott washington d.c. major projects completed in 2014 included the following:

o   the renovation of all 532 guest rooms at the newport beach marriott hotel &amp; spa, along with over 41,000 square feet of ballroom and meeting space;

o   the renovation of 428 rooms in the south tower of the sheraton boston hotel, along with 5,000 square feet of restaurant and public space; and

o   the renovation of 50,000 square feet of ballroom space at the harbor beach marriott resort &amp; spa.

we expect that our investment in renewal and replacement expenditures in 2015 will total approximately $330 million to $350 million. in addition to completing the projects started in the fourth quarter as noted above, these expenditures will include guest room renovations at the ritz-carlton, marina del rey, the w seattle, and the coronado island marriott resort and spa, and ballroom and meeting space renovations at the santa clara marriott and the manhattan beach marriott.
finance during 2014, we continued to improve our leverage ratio, as measured by the decline in our net debt-to-ebitda ratio, and reduced our overall debt service obligations, increasing our fixed charge coverage ratio, which is calculated as ebitda-to-fixed charges. both of these metrics are based on calculations defined in our credit facility. we repaid approximately $760 million of debt and completed an amendment and restatement of our senior unsecured credit facility, which lowered our all-in pricing by 30 basis points on the revolver and 32.5 basis points on the term loan, and extended the maturity for both to 2019, including extensions (which are subject to meeting certain conditions). our weighted average interest rate is 4.8% and our weighted average debt maturity is 5.2 years. we have a balanced maturity schedule wherein not more than 22% of our outstanding debt is due in any given year. additionally, at december 31, 2014, we have approximately $796 million of available capacity under our credit facility and a debt balance of $4.0 billion.
during 2014, host inc.'s board of directors declared dividends of $0.75 per share on host inc.'s common stock, an increase of 63% over the prior year. the declared dividends included a $0.20 regular quarterly cash dividend and a $0.06 special dividend declared during the fourth quarter of 2014. accordingly, host l.p. made a distribution of $0.7661205 per unit on its common op units for 2014. on february 17, 2015, the board of directors authorized a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.20 per share on its common stock. the dividend will be paid on april 15, 2015, to stockholders of record on march 31, 2015. the amount of any future dividend will be determined by host inc.'s board of directors.
there can be no assurances that any future dividends will match or exceed those set forth above for any number of reasons, including a decline in operations or an increase in liquidity needs. we believe that we have sufficient liquidity and access to the capital
44
markets in order to meet our near-term debt maturities, fund our capital expenditures programs and take advantage of investment opportunities. for a detailed discussion, see "-liquidity and capital resources." for a detailed discussion of our significant debt activities see "note 4.  debt" in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
international joint venture investments. we continue to utilize joint ventures to expand our portfolio and to help diversify exposure to target markets internationally. during 2014, the euro jv expanded its presence in europe, through the acquisition of the grand hotel esplanade berlin, later repositioned as the sheraton berlin grand hotel esplanade, and sold the sheraton skyline hotel & conference center. for further discussion, see "- off balance sheet arrangements and contractual obligations."
results of operations the following table reflects certain line items from our audited statements of operations (in millions, except percentages):
change                                      change

2014              2013                 2013 to 2014       2012                     2012 to 2013
total revenues                                                  $5,354            $5,166               3.6   %            $5,059                   2.1   %
operating costs and expenses:
property-level costs (1)                                         4,611             4,533               1.7                 4,601                  (1.5   )
corporate and other expenses (2)                                    43               121             (64.5   )               107                  13.1
gain on insurance settlements                                       10                 -               n/m                    11                   n/m operating profit                                                   710               512              38.7                   362                  41.4
interest expense                                                   214               304             (29.6   )               373                 (18.5   )
gain on sale of assets                                             236                33               n/m                    13                 153.8
provision for income taxes                                          14                21             (33.3   )                31                 (32.3   )
income (loss) from continuing operations                           747               210             255.7                    (8   )               n/m income from discontinued operations                                  -               115               n/m                    71                  62.0
host inc.:
net income attributable to non-controlling interests               $15                $8              87.5                    $2                 300.0
net income attributable to host inc.                               732               317             130.9                    61                 419.7
host l.p.:
net income attributable to non-controlling interests                $6                $4              50.0                    $1                 300.0
net income attributable to host l.p.                               741               321             130.8                    62                 417.7
___________
(1)   amounts represent total operating costs and expenses from our consolidated statements of operations, less corporate and other expenses and the gain on insurance settlements.

(2)   for 2014, includes the reversal of the $69 million loss contingency and, for 2013, includes an $8 million accrual, both related to the san antonio rivercenter litigation. see legal proceedings for further details.

n/m=not meaningful statement of operations results and trends the comparisons of our hotel revenues and expenses are affected by the net results of the hotels acquired and sold during the comparable periods. our operations for 2014 were affected by the sale of five hotels during the year, most notably the philadelphia marriott downtown in january 2014, which operations prior to sale are included in continuing operations for prior periods, as well as the results of three acquisitions: the b2 miami downtown hotel acquired in august 2014, the powell hotel acquired in january 2014, and the hyatt place waikiki beach acquired in may 2013. our 2013 operations were affected by the results of the grand hyatt washington acquired in july 2012 and the hyatt place waikiki beach. in our discussion of results, we collectively refer to these transactions as our "recent acquisitions and dispositions". due to the adoption of a new accounting standard in 2014, the operations for properties sold in 2014 are included in continuing operations, while revenues and expenses for eight properties sold in 2013 or 2012 have been reclassified to discontinued operations and, accordingly, are excluded from the revenues and expenses discussed in this section. see "-critical accounting policies" for further discussion.
45
the following table presents revenues in accordance with gaap and includes both comparable and non-comparable hotels (in millions, except percentages):
change                                             change

2014              2013                 2013 to 2014       2012                 2012 to 2013
revenues:
rooms                        $3,452            $3,317               4.1   %            $3,082               7.6   %
food and beverage             1,546             1,503               2.9                 1,419               5.9
other                           356               346               2.9                   558             (38.0   )
total revenues               $5,354            $5,166               3.6                $5,059               2.1
the increases in total revenues in 2014 and 2013 of $188 million and $107 million, respectively, were driven by continued growth in rooms revenues, as well as growth in food and beverage ("f&b") and other revenues at our properties. our revenues were affected by the results of our recent acquisitions and dispositions, which decreased total revenues by $87 million in 2014 and increased revenues by an incremental $72 million in 2013, each on a net basis. additionally, fluctuation in currency exchange rates and the relative strength of the u.s. dollar reduced the increase in total revenues by 40 basis points in 2014. the 2012 other revenues includes $232 million for hotels leased from hospitality properties trust ("hpt"). these leases were terminated on december 31, 2012.
rooms. rooms revenues increased $135 million and $235 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively, reflecting an increase in revpar of 5.3% and 5.6%, respectively, at our comparable hotels, as well as revpar improvements for recently renovated properties that are not included in our comparable results. year-over-year comparisons also reflect a $53 million decline in revenues due to recent acquisitions and dispositions in 2014, and an increase of $51 million in 2013, on a net basis.
food and beverage. f&b revenues increased $43 million and $84 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively. for our comparable hotels, f&b revenues increased 3.8% and 4.0%, respectively, for 2014 and 2013, driven by growth in banquet, audio visual revenues and outlet revenue. year-over-year comparisons also reflect a $28 million decline in revenues due to recent acquisitions and dispositions in 2014 and an increase of $20 million in 2013, on a net basis.
other revenues. other revenues increased $10 million in 2014 primarily due to increases in parking and lease income. in 2013, other revenues decreased $212 million. excluding the effects of the terminated hpt leases, other revenues increased $20 million, primarily due to lease revenue at the new york marriott marquis as a result of the retail development agreement with vornado realty trust and increases in attrition and cancellation fees and parking revenue. year-over-year comparisons also reflect a $6 million decline in revenues due to recent acquisitions and dispositions in 2014, and an increase of $2 million in 2013, on a net basis.
property-level operating expenses the following table presents consolidated property-level operating expenses in accordance with gaap and includes both comparable and non-comparable hotels (in millions, except percentages):
change                                             change

2014              2013                 2013 to 2014       2012                 2012 to 2013
expenses:
rooms                                                $924              $894               3.4   %              $836               6.9   %
food and beverage                                   1,109             1,095               1.3                 1,049               4.4
other departmental and support expenses             1,264             1,249               1.2                 1,219               2.5
management fees                                       227               222               2.3                   199              11.6
other property-level expenses                         386               376               2.7                   576             (34.7   )
depreciation and amortization                         701               697               0.6                   722              (3.5   )
total property-level operating expenses            $4,611            $4,533               1.7                $4,601              (1.5   )
our operating costs and expenses, which consist of both fixed and variable components, are affected by a number of factors. room expense is affected mainly by occupancy, which drives costs related to items such as housekeeping, reservation systems, room supplies, laundry services and front desk costs. food and beverage expense correlates closely with food and beverage revenues, and is affected by occupancy and the mix of business between banquet and audio-visual and outlet sales. however, the most significant expense for both room expense and food and beverage expense is related to wages and employee benefits, which comprise
46
approximately 55% of these expenses in any year. other property-level expenses consist of property taxes, which are highly dependent on local taxing authorities, and property and general liability insurance, and do not necessarily change based on changes in revenues at our hotels. the overall increases in operating expenses in 2014 and in 2013, excluding the 2012 expenses related to the expired hpt leases, are consistent with higher overall revenues at our properties. changes in foreign currency exchange rates reduced the increase in property-level expenses by 30 basis points. the year-over-year changes also reflect the effects of our recent acquisitions and dispositions, as discussed below.
rooms. room expenses increased $30 million and $58 million during 2014 and 2013, respectively, reflecting an increase of 4.8% and 5.1%, respectively, at our comparable hotels, primarily driven by increases in wages and benefits, higher travel agent commissions and laundry and guest supply costs. year-over-year comparisons also reflect a $14 million decline in expenses due to recent acquisitions and dispositions in 2014, and an increase of $12 million in 2013, on a net basis.
food and beverage. the increase in f&b expenses of $14 million in 2014 and $46 million in 2013 reflect year-over-year increases of 2.6% and 2.7% in comparable f&b expenses, respectively, as well as the effect of the timing of our recent acquisitions and dispositions. the limited increase reflects continued improvements in f&b hourly productivity which has led to declines in f&b costs as a percentage of revenues in 2014 and 2013. additionally, much of the revenue improvements were driven by increases in banquet and audio visual revenues, which have higher overall operating margins than outlet revenue. year-over-year comparisons also reflect a $21 million decline in expenses due to recent acquisitions and dispositions in 2014, and an increase of $13 million in 2013, on a net basis.
other departmental and support expenses. other departmental and support expenses increased $15 million and $30 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively, primarily due to increases in credit card fees, wages and benefits, and sales and marketing costs. year-over-year comparisons also reflect a $21 million decline in expenses due to recent acquisitions and dispositions in 2014, and an increase of $13 million in 2013, on a net basis.
management fees. management fees, which generally are calculated as a percentage of revenues and operating profit, increased 2.3% to $227 million for 2014 and 11.6% to $222 million for 2013. base management fees for our comparable hotels, which are calculated as a percentage of total revenues, increased $8 million and $6 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively, due to the overall increase in our hotel revenues, including the effects of our recent acquisitions and dispositions. for 2014, incentive management fees at our comparable properties declined 4.1%, reflecting the renegotiation of management agreements at three of our properties and declines at specific properties, which offset increases due to the overall improvement in operating profit that resulted in more properties incurring incentive management fees. for 2013, the increase is commensurate with the increase in operating profit. year-over-year comparisons also reflect a $2 million decline in expenses from recent acquisitions and dispositions in 2014 and an increase of $5 million in 2013, on a net basis.
other property-level expenses. these expenses generally do not vary significantly based on occupancy and include expenses such as property taxes and insurance. in 2014, other property-level expenses increased $10 million, or 2.7%. for 2014, other property-level expenses at our comparable hotels increased 3.6%, as a 3.4% increase in property taxes was substantially offset by a decline in property insurance, as well as a decrease of $4 million due to incremental expenses from our recent acquisitions and dispositions. for 2013, expenses decreased $200 million, or 34.7%, due to the expiration of the hpt leases on december 31, 2012.  excluding the effects of the hpt leases, other property-level expenses increased $34 million, or 10%, in 2013 due to an increase in real estate taxes, as well as $5 million due to incremental expenses from our recent acquisitions and dispositions, on a net basis.
depreciation and amortization. depreciation and amortization expense increased $4 million, or 0.6%, to $701 million in 2014 due to capital expenditures, partially offset by a decrease due to recent acquisitions and dispositions. for 2013, depreciation and amortization expense decreased $25 million, or 3.5%, to $697 million, due to a decline in non-cash impairment expenses of $59 million, partially offset by an increase due to recent acquisitions and dispositions and capital expenditures.
other income and expense corporate and other expenses. corporate and other expenses include the following items (in millions):
year ended december 31,

2014                2013                2012
general and administrative cost                                        $82                 $87                 $83
non-cash stock-based compensation expense                               22                  18                  16
litigation (recoveries) accruals and acquisition costs, net            (61    )             16                   8
total corporate and other expenses                                     $43                $121                $107
47
general and administrative costs primarily consist of wages and benefits, travel, corporate insurance, legal fees, audit fees, building rent and systems costs. the increases in the non-cash stock-based compensation expense reflect the increase in our stock price in both 2014 and 2013. litigation (recoveries) accruals and acquisition costs in 2014 include the previously disclosed reversal of the $69 million loss contingency related to the successful resolution of the litigation related to the ground lease for san antonio.
gain on insurance settlements. we recorded a gain of $10 million in 2014 related to the receipt of insurance proceeds for several of our properties in new york and washington, d.c. which were affected by hurricane sandy in october 2012. in 2012, we recorded a gain of $11 million related to the receipt of business interruption insurance proceeds for two properties in christchurch, new zealand, both of which were affected by an earthquake in february 2011 and recorded a gain of $2 million related to property insurance for two hotels in chile, both of which were affected by an earthquake in february 2010.
interest income. interest income in both 2014 and 2013 was $4 million. the decrease in 2013 of approximately $19 million was due to the 2012 maturity of the mortgage loan investment associated with the portfolio of five hotels acquired by the euro jv in november 2012.
interest expense. interest expense decreased $90 million, or 29.6%, in 2014 as compared to 2013, and decreased $69 million, or 18.5%, in 2013, primarily due to the repayment or refinancing of debt, which lowered our full year weighted average interest rates and overall debt balance. additionally, total debt extinguishment costs decreased $32 million in 2014 and increased $6 million in 2013. savings from our fixed-to-floating interest rate swap, which swap matured in march 2014, reduced interest expense by $2 million, $7 million and $6 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the following table presents certain components of interest expense (in millions):
year ended december 31, (1)

2014               2013                2012
cash interest expense(1)                          $186                $239                $308
cash incremental interest expense (1)(2)             -                   4                   5
non-cash interest expense                           24                  25                  30
cash debt extinguishment costs(1)                    2                  23                  21
non-cash debt extinguishment costs                   2                  13                   9
total interest expense                            $214                $304                $373
___________
(1)   total cash interest expense paid was $189 million, $282 million, and $338 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, which includes an increase due to the change in accrued interest of $1 million, $16 million and $4 million for 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.

(2)   incremental interest expense reflects the cash interest expense for refinanced debt subsequent to the issuance of the new financing and prior to the repayment of the refinanced debt.

gain (loss) on sale of assets. during 2014, we recognized a $111 million gain on the sale of an 89% interest in the philadelphia marriott downtown, a gain of $115 million on the sale of the tampa marriott waterside hotel & marina and a $3 million gain on the sale of greensboro-high point marriott airport. additionally, due to the completion of earnings requirements, we recognized deferred gains totaling $6 million related to the sale of the ritz-carlton, san francisco and land contributed to the maui jv. the gain (loss) on sale of assets in 2013 includes the $21 million gain on the sale of land adjacent to our newport beach marriott hotel & spa and the recognition of a previously deferred $11 million gain related to an eminent domain claim by the state of georgia of 2.9 acres of land for the highway expansion at the atlanta marriott perimeter center.  the gain (loss) on sale of assets in 2012 includes the $8 million gain related to the contribution of land to the maui jv. the 2013 and 2012 gain (loss) on sales of hotel properties are classified in discontinued operations.
benefit (provision) for income taxes. we lease substantially all of our properties to consolidated subsidiaries designated as trs for federal income tax purposes. the difference between hotel-level operating cash flow and the aggregate rent paid to host l.p. by the trs represents taxable income or loss, on which we record an income tax provision or benefit. the decrease in the tax provision in 2014 and 2013 from the prior year reflects a decrease in taxable income at the trs due to an increase in rent expense in excess of the increase in operating profit from the hotels and a reduction of certain foreign taxes.
48
income (loss) from discontinued operations. discontinued operations consist of five hotels disposed of in 2013 and three hotels disposed of in 2012 and represents the results of operations and the gains or losses on the disposition of these hotels during the indicated periods. the following table summarizes the revenues, income before taxes, and the gain on disposals, net of tax, of the hotels which have been reclassified to discontinued operations, which includes assets held for sale and the results of sold hotels prior to their disposition for the periods presented (in millions):
year ended december 31,

2013                  2012
revenues                                 $104                    $264
income before taxes                        22                      24
gain on disposals, net of tax              97                      48
comparable hotel sales overview while management evaluates the performance of each individual hotel against its competitive set in a given market, we evaluate our overall portfolio operating results using three different criteria: geographic market, property type (i.e. urban, suburban, resort/conference or airport), and mix of business (i.e. transient, group or contract). as of december 31, 2014, 106 of our 114 owned hotels have been classified as comparable hotels. see "comparable hotel operating statistics" for a complete description of our comparable hotels.
49
2014 compared to 2013
comparable hotel sales by geographic market.
the following table sets forth performance information for our comparable hotels by geographic market as of december 31, 2014 and 2013:
comparable hotels by market in constant us$(1)
as of december 31, 2014                                  year ended december 31, 2014                                        year ended december 31, 2013

market                       no. of               no. of                   average                   average                revpar             average                   average                revpar             percent properties               rooms                  room rate                 occupancy                                 room rate                 occupancy                                 change in percentage                                                          percentage                                    revpar boston                            5                      3,432             $213.85                      77.2   %           $165.05             $198.31                      79.3   %           $157.20                 5.0   %
new york                          9                      7,224              286.93                      87.1                249.86              278.77                      86.8                241.86                 3.3
philadelphia                      2               776                       211.57                      78.0                165.04              208.26                      74.9                156.05                 5.8
washington, d.c.                 12                      6,016              201.94                      76.7                154.96              202.69                      75.0                152.09                 1.9
atlanta                           6                      2,280              172.85                      73.9                127.82              164.58                      73.3                120.57                 6.0
florida                           6                      2,511              218.49                      78.0                170.47              207.93                      75.6                157.12                 8.5
chicago                           7                      2,857              186.60                      74.5                139.02              183.98                      73.6                135.36                 2.7
denver                            3                      1,363              152.42                      67.3                102.54              144.17                      63.9                 92.18                11.2
houston                           4                      1,706              190.63                      73.4                139.96              181.26                      76.6                138.75                 0.9
phoenix                           4                      1,522              196.63                      71.3                140.19              188.53                      68.2                128.65                 9.0
seattle                           3                      1,774              188.57                      78.8                148.62              168.60                      78.1                131.71                12.8
san francisco                     5                      3,701              224.15                      82.4                184.78              199.66                      80.3                160.41                15.2
los angeles                       8                      3,228              177.43                      80.6                143.01              162.93                      81.7                133.11                 7.4
san diego                         5                      4,691              193.17                      80.0                154.54              186.14                      78.2                145.59                 6.1
hawaii                            2                      1,256              378.37                      81.7                309.29              353.41                      82.0                289.89                 6.7
other                            11                      7,231              161.23                      66.9                107.94              157.39                      67.3                105.94                 1.9
domestic                         92                     51,568              211.82                      77.3                163.73              202.55                      76.7                155.27                 5.4
asia-pacific                      7                      1,390             $153.62                      82.9   %           $127.37             $148.69                      81.1   %           $120.63                 5.6   %
canada                            3                      1,219              180.08                      66.6                119.92              171.37                      68.9                118.06                 1.6
latin america                     4                      1,075              257.33                      68.3                175.82              217.40                      65.6                142.55                23.3
international                    14                      3,684              189.58                      73.3                138.98              173.79                      72.6                126.14                10.2
all markets -                   106                     55,252              210.40                      77.0                162.07              200.72                      76.4                153.32                 5.7
constant us$
comparable hotels in nominal us$
as of december 31, 2014                                        year ended december 31, 2014                                        year ended december 31, 2013
no. of               no. of                   average                   average                revpar             average                   average                revpar             percent properties               rooms                  room rate                 occupancy                                 room rate                 occupancy                                 change in percentage                                                          percentage                                    revpar asia-pacific                      7                      1,390             $153.62                      82.9   %           $127.37             $152.79                      81.1   %           $123.95                 2.8   %
canada                            3                      1,219              180.08                      66.6                119.92              183.53                      68.9                126.43                (5.1   )
latin america                     4                      1,075              257.33                      68.3                175.82              238.71                      65.6                156.52                12.3
international                    14                      3,684              189.58                      73.3                138.98              184.92                      72.6                134.22                 3.5
domestic                         92                     51,568              211.82                      77.3                163.73              202.55                      76.7                155.27                 5.4
all markets -                   106                     55,252              210.40                      77.0                162.07              201.43                      76.4                153.86                 5.3
nominal us$
___________
(1)   for a discussion of our markets and constant us$ and nominal us$ presentation, see "-comparable hotel operating statistics."

revpar improvements were led by properties in our west coast markets, including san francisco and seattle, where comparable revpar increased 15.2% and 12.8%, respectively. both markets benefited from already high levels of demand and solid group business, allowing for significant rate improvements for both group and transient business. our hotels in these markets also benefited from post-renovation improvements.
50
additionally, our los angeles and san diego markets experienced a 7.4% and 6.1% growth in revpar, respectively. the los angeles revpar growth was driven by an 8.9% improvement in rate, the result of strong group and transient demand which allowed for a reduction in discounted room nights. the revpar growth at our san diego hotels was due to a combination of rate growth of 3.8% and an increase in occupancy of 1.8 percentage points. steady transient demand at these hotels led to a favorable business mix shift to higher-rated transient segments. with average occupancy over 80% for full year 2014, our hawaii hotels experienced a 7.1% increase in average rate, as the business mix shifted to higher-rated leisure travelers, including customers previewing the new timeshare project adjacent to the hyatt regency maui resort & spa.
in comparison, our east coast properties lagged the portfolio, primarily reflecting results in new york and washington, d.c., where recent new supply has limited revpar growth to 3.3% and 1.9%, respectively. our boston market generally was in-line with the portfolio, with revpar improvement of 5.0%. this improvement reflected an increase in rate of 7.8%, offset by a decrease in occupancy of 2.1 percentage points, partially due to less favorable comparisons due to the world series events in 2013. our florida market outperformed for the year, with an increase in comparable revpar of 8.5% compared to 2013 due to the combination of an increase in average room rate of 5.1% and an increase in occupancy of 2.5 percentage points, as our resort properties performed well, benefiting from an increase in both transient and group business.
our central markets were led by our denver properties, as comparable revpar increased 11.2%, driven by a mix of strong citywide demand driving a 5.7% increase in rate, as well as an increase in occupancy of 3.3 percentage points. our chicago and houston markets underperformed, with revpar increases of 2.7% and 0.9%, respectively. the chicago market was affected by severe winter weather and a decrease in citywide events, while the houston market was affected by renovation activity at some of our larger properties and the decline in oil prices.
our international markets experienced a strong growth in revpar of 10.2%, led by our latin american properties with revpar growth of 23.3%, on a constant us$ basis, as the jw marriott hotel rio de janeiro benefited from the fifa world cup and the jw marriott hotel mexico city benefited from the rooms renovation completed in 2013. our canadian properties, in particular in calgary, were affected negatively by falling oil prices and renovations, a trend that will continue into 2015 for both our calgary and houston properties.
comparable hotel sales by property type.
the following table sets forth performance information for our comparable hotels by property type as of december 31, 2014 and 2013:
comparable hotels by type in nominal us$
as of december 31, 2014                            year ended december 31, 2014                                  year ended december 31, 2013

property type (1)          no. of               no. of             average                   average                revpar       average                   average                revpar       percent properties               rooms            room rate                 occupancy                           room rate                 occupancy                           change in percentage                                                    percentage                              revpar urban                          56                     34,536       $225.22                      78.5   %           $176.83       $217.29                      78.1   %           $169.66           4.2   %
suburban                       28                      9,807        165.80                      71.5                118.60        156.26                      70.7                110.51           7.3
resort                         11                      5,570        258.09                      73.6                189.95        244.50                      72.5                177.23           7.2
airport                        11                      5,339        144.66                      81.1                117.32        133.71                      79.9                106.82           9.8
all types                     106                     55,252        210.40                      77.0                162.07        201.43                      76.4                153.86           5.3
___________
(1)   for a discussion of our property types, see "-comparable hotel operating statistics."

our airport properties led the portfolio for the year with revpar growth of 9.8%, driven by strong rate growth at our west coast airport properties.  our urban properties experienced revpar growth of 4.2%, as some of our more concentrated urban markets, such as new york and washington, d.c., experienced slower growth due to increased supply. the revpar improvements at our suburban properties of 7.3% was driven by an increase in rates of 6.1%, as high occupancy levels in urban markets has helped drive demand in adjacent suburban markets. an increase in leisure travel and corporate group demand in 2014 led to a 7.2% increase in revpar at our resort properties, reflecting a 5.6% increase in rate growth and improvement in occupancy of more than 1 percentage point.
hotel sales by business mix.
our customers fall into three broad categories:  transient, group and contract business. the information below is derived from business mix results from 106 comparable hotels for which 2014 and 2013 business mix information is available. in 2014, overall revenue growth was due to both group and transient growth. group business was inconsistent throughout the year, with strong growth in the first and third quarters offset by slow growth in the second quarter and a slight decline in the fourth quarter. the inconsistency primarily can be attributed to timing of holidays throughout the year, as well as significant renovation activity in the fourth quarter.
51
overall, group revenues improved 5.6% compared to the prior year, consisting of a 2.8% average room rate increase coupled with a 2.7% growth in group room nights sold. corporate and association group revenue increased by a combined 5.0%, while other groups revenue, both leisure and government groups, grew by a combined 7.4%. during 2014, transient revenues increased 5.1% when compared to 2013, reflecting an increase in average room rate of 4.9%, and a 0.2% increase in nights sold. the transient average room rate increase resulted from a combination of segment price increases and an increasingly favorable shift to higher-rated retail customers.
2013 compared to 2012
comparable hotel sales by geographic market.
as of december 31, 2013, 105 of our 115 owned hotels were classified as comparable hotels. see "comparable hotel operating statistics" for a complete description of our comparable hotels. the following table sets forth performance information for our comparable hotels by geographic market as of december 31, 2013 and 2012:
comparable hotels by market in constant us$(1)
as of december 31, 2013                                  year ended december 31, 2013                                        year ended december 31, 2012(2)

market                                 no. of               no. of                   average                   average                revpar             average                     average                  revpar             percent properties               rooms                  room rate                 occupancy                                 room rate                   occupancy                                   change in percentage                                                            percentage                                      revpar boston                                      6                      3,672             $193.69                      77.6    %          $150.25             $189.22                        74.0     %           $140.11                 7.2   %
new york                                    8                      6,450              278.42                      86.6                241.20              272.52                        83.5                  227.64                 6.0
philadelphia                                3                      2,191              185.36                      75.2                139.37              180.98                        74.7                  135.24                 3.1
washington, d.c.                           11                      5,119              197.26                      74.4                146.68              197.96                        73.4                  145.21                 1.0
atlanta                                     5                      1,939              171.38                      73.6                126.11              165.63                        69.5                  115.06                 9.6
florida                                     7                      3,230              196.43                      75.3                147.99              186.39                        74.0                  137.95                 7.3
chicago                                     6                      2,387              191.06                      75.1                143.52              184.03                        75.5                  138.94                 3.3
denver                                      3                      1,363              144.17                      63.9                 92.18              138.62                        63.6                   88.13                 4.6
houston                                     4                      1,706              181.26                      76.6                138.75              157.53                        76.5                  120.51                15.1
phoenix                                     4                      1,522              188.53                      68.2                128.65              180.15                        66.9                  120.47                 6.8
seattle                                     3                      1,774              168.60                      78.1                131.71              158.04                        75.1                  118.73                10.9
san francisco                               5                      3,701              199.66                      80.3                160.41              180.22                        80.8                  145.55                10.2
los angeles                                 8                      3,228              162.93                      81.7                133.11              152.29                        81.1                  123.49                 7.8
san diego                                   5                      4,691              186.14                      78.2                145.59              182.78                        76.4                  139.69                 4.2
hawaii                                      2                      1,256              353.41                      82.0                289.89              332.04                        83.3                  276.47                 4.9
other                                      12                      7,532              155.82                      66.8                104.05              146.87                        68.0                   99.90                 4.2
domestic                                   92                     51,761              199.44                      76.3                152.13              191.00                        75.2                  143.62                 5.9
asia-pacific                                6                      1,223             $156.30                      82.3    %          $128.59             $149.15                        79.8     %           $118.96                 8.1   %
canada                                      3                      1,219              183.53                      68.9                126.43              174.08                        68.2                  118.70                 6.5
latin america                               4                      1,075              238.71                      65.6                156.52              224.15                        71.2                  159.49                (1.9   )
international                              13                      3,517              187.71                      72.6                136.31              179.22                        73.2                  131.15                 3.9
all markets - constant us$                105                     55,278              198.72                      76.0                151.12              190.26                        75.1                  142.82                 5.8
comparable hotels in nominal us$
as of december 31, 2013                                        year ended december 31, 2013                                         year ended december 31, 2012(2)
no. of               no. of                   average                   average                revpar             average                     average                  revpar             percent properties               rooms                  room rate                 occupancy                                 room rate                   occupancy                                   change in percentage                                                            percentage                                      revpar asia-pacific                                6                      1,223             $156.30                      82.3    %          $128.59             $154.17                        79.8     %           $122.96                 4.6   %
canada                                      3                      1,219              183.53                      68.9                126.43              179.47                        68.2                  122.37                 3.3
latin america                               4                      1,075              238.71                      65.6                156.52              232.18                        71.2                  165.21                (5.3   )
international                              13                      3,517              187.71                      72.6                136.31              185.24                        73.2                  135.56                 0.6
domestic                                   92                     51,761              199.44                      76.3                152.13              191.00                        75.2                  143.62                 5.9
all markets - nominal us$                 105                     55,278              198.72                      76.0                151.12              190.64                        75.1                  143.10                 5.6
___________
(1)   for a discussion of our markets and constant us$ and nominal us$ presentation, see "-comparable hotel operating statistics."

(2)   the 2012 results include one additional day of operations in february compared to 2013 due to the leap year in 2012.

for 2013, our top performing markets were houston, seattle and san francisco, with revpar increases of 15.1%, 10.9%, and 10.2%, respectively. the increase in our houston market primarily resulted from higher average room rates, as these hotels shifted
52
from lower-rated group and transient business to higher-rated segments, as well as aggressive pricing increases in group for both retail and special corporate business. the increase in our seattle market reflects a 6.7% increase in average room rate and a 3.0 percentage point increase in average occupancy driven by higher-rated group and transient demand. revpar growth in our san francisco market was driven entirely by rate improvements from an improved business mix. occupancy declined slightly during the year, but still remained at over 80%, as strong transient and group demand throughout the city have translated to revpar gains at our properties.
revpar for our atlanta hotels increased 9.6% for 2013, reflecting a strong citywide and special event calendar during the year that drove group and transient demand.
for 2013, our los angeles market revpar increased 7.8% primarily due to improved average room rates as a result of increased transient business driven by a mix shift to higher-rated segments and increased corporate group business.
for 2013, our florida hotels increased revpar 7.3% as a result of a 5.4% increase in average room rate and a 1.3 percentage point increase in average occupancy driven by strong leisure demand.
our boston market revpar increased 7.2% as a result of a 3.5 percentage point increase in average occupancy and a 2.4% increase in average room rate due to strong group performance and transient business due in part to major league baseball's playoff and world series events and the favorable 2012 comparisons related to hurricane sandy.
our new york hotels increased revpar 6.0% as a result of a 3.1 percentage point increase in average occupancy and a 2.2% increase in average room rate. in 2012, revpar growth was affected negatively by hurricane sandy in the fourth quarter and renovation disruption at several of our new york hotels. in 2013, revpar results have been tempered by supply growth in this market.
for 2013, our washington d.c. market revpar increased only 1.0% due to a 1.0 percentage point increase in average occupancy resulting from transient room nights. for 2013, the sequestration and u.s. federal government shutdown negatively impacted this market by lowering demand for government and related industry business.
revpar in our asia/pacific and canadian markets increased 8.1% and 6.5%, respectively, on a constant us$ basis.  for 2013, the increase at our asia/pacific hotels resulted from a 4.8% increase in average room rate and a 2.5 percentage point increase in average occupancy, driven by transient demand and the results of renovations completed in 2012. the improvement in revpar at our canadian hotels primarily was driven by an increase in average room rate. revpar at our latin american properties decreased 1.9% on a constant us$ basis, largely due to a decrease in occupancy. the nominal revpar results of our international properties were affected negatively by the relative strength of the us dollar during 2013.
comparable hotel sales by property type.
the following table sets forth performance information for our comparable hotels by property type as of december 31, 2013 and 2012:
comparable hotels by type in nominal us$
as of december 31, 2013                            year ended december 31, 2013                                  year ended december 31, 2012 (1)

property type (2)          no. of               no. of             average                   average                revpar       average                     average                  revpar       percent properties               rooms            room rate                 occupancy                           room rate                   occupancy                             change in percentage                                                      percentage                                revpar urban                          54                     34,183       $212.05                      77.8   %           $164.95       $205.15                        76.4   %             $156.81           5.2   %
suburban                       28                     10,021        163.16                      70.7                115.40        152.34                        70.7                  107.74           7.1
resort/conference              12                      5,906        239.60                      71.5                171.32        228.57                        70.3                  160.61           6.7
airport                        11                      5,168        132.13                      80.0                105.74        126.34                        79.9                  100.91           4.8
all types                     105                     55,278        198.72                      76.0                151.12        190.64                        75.1                  143.10           5.6
___________
(1)   the 2012 results include one additional day of operations due to the leap year.

(2)   for a discussion of our property types, see "-comparable hotel operating statistics."

53
for 2013, our suburban properties led the portfolio with a 7.1% increase in revpar, as stable average occupancy levels at these properties have allowed operators to increase average daily room rates. we believe strong demand that has led to high average occupancy and increasing rates in adjacent urban markets has contributed to an increase in demand at our suburban properties.  for 2013, our resort/conference hotels experienced revpar growth of 6.7%, driven by a 4.8% increase in average room rate and a 1.2 percentage point increase in average occupancy due to higher demand.  our urban properties experienced a revpar growth of 5.2% for 2013, as results were mixed throughout these markets. strength in several of our west coast markets, as well as in our houston and atlanta markets, partially were offset by weakness in our washington d.c. and philadelphia markets.
hotel sales by business mix.
the information below is derived from business mix results from 102 comparable hotels for which 2013 and 2012 business mix information is available. in 2013, overall revenue growth was due mainly to transient revenues improving 7.5% compared to the prior year, consisting of a 4.0% average room rate increase coupled with a 3.4% growth in transient room nights sold. the transient average room rate increase resulted from a combination of segment price increases and an increasingly favorable business mix.  higher-rated retail and non-qualified discount transient room nights increased 9.1% for the year, while lower-rated special corporate, government and discount segments decreased 0.9%. during 2013, group revenues increased 2.6% when compared to 2012, reflecting an increase in average room rate of 2.8%, while group room nights sold declined 0.2%. corporate and association group revenues increased 9.9% and 2.6%, respectively, while discount group revenue decreased 8.4%.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity and capital resources of host inc. and host l.p. the liquidity and capital resources of host inc. and host l.p. are derived primarily from the activities of host l.p., which generates the capital required by our business from hotel operations, the incurrence of debt, the issuance of op units or the sale of properties. host inc. is a reit and its only significant asset is the ownership of partnership interests of host l.p.; therefore, its financing and investing activities are conducted through host l.p., except for the issuance of its common and preferred stock. proceeds from stock issuances by host inc. are contributed to host l.p. in exchange for op units. additionally, funds used by host inc. to pay dividends or to repurchase stock are provided by host l.p. therefore, while we have noted those areas in which it is important to distinguish between host inc. and host l.p., we have not included a separate discussion of liquidity and capital resources as the discussion applies both to host inc. and host l.p.
overview. we look to maintain a capital structure and liquidity profile with an appropriate balance of cash, debt and equity in order to provide financial flexibility, given the inherent volatility in the lodging industry. we believe this strategy will result in a lower overall cost of capital, allow us to complete opportunistic investments and acquisitions at all times in the lodging cycle, and will position us to manage potential declines in operations caused by the inherent volatility in the lodging industry. as operations have improved in the past several years, we have executed successfully on our strategy to decrease our leverage as measured by our net debt-to-ebitda ratio and reduce our debt service obligations, leading to an increase in our fixed charge coverage ratio. currently, these financial metrics, as defined in in our credit facility, are stronger than at any point since we split from marriott international in 1993. these improvements were due to stronger operations but also were accomplished through acquisitions and other investments, the majority of which were completed with available cash and proceeds from equity issuances, and the repayment and refinancing of senior notes and mortgage debt in order to extend maturity dates and obtain lower interest rates.
as we continue to achieve our balance sheet objectives, we intend to use available cash predominantly for acquisitions or other investments in our portfolio to the extent that we are able to find suitable investment opportunities that meet our return requirements. if we are unable to find appropriate investment opportunities and, assuming operations continue to improve, we may, over time, consider other uses of any available cash, such as a return of capital through dividends or common stock repurchases.
we have structured our debt profile to maintain a balanced maturity schedule and minimize the number of assets that are encumbered by mortgage debt. we have access to multiple types of financing as approximately 90% of our debt consists of senior notes, exchangeable debentures and borrowings under our credit facility, none of which are collateralized by specific hotel properties. our senior unsecured debt is rated investment grade by moody's investor services, fitch ratings and standard & poor's rating service, which management believes will allow us to borrow capital at better rates than previously achieved. in 2014, we were able to amend and restate our senior unsecured credit facility, lowering the margin on our all-in pricing by 30 basis points on the revolver portion and 32.5 basis points on the term loan and extending the maturity date. we also repaid $371 million of senior notes and draws on our credit facility and $384 million of mortgage and other debt. additionally, 96% of our hotels (as measured by revenues) are unencumbered by mortgage debt.
54
we believe that we have sufficient liquidity and access to the capital markets to take advantage of opportunities to enhance our portfolio, withstand declines in operating cash flow, pay near-term debt maturities and fund our capital expenditures programs. we may continue to access the capital markets if favorable conditions exist in order to further enhance our liquidity and to fund cash needs. the table below details our significant cash flows for the three years ended december 31 (in millions):
2014                 2013                  2012

cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                              $861                 $417                  $826
increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                          (177   )              444                  (409   )
cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                    $684                 $861                  $417
operating activities cash provided by operating activities                                   $1,150               $1,019                  $781
investing activities acquisitions and investments                                              (216   )             (259   )              (579   )
dispositions and return of capital from investments                        539                  643                   296
capital expenditures                                                      (436   )             (436   )              (638   )
financing activities issuances of senior notes                                                    -                  400                   800
issuances of mortgage debt                                                   4                  150                   100
issuance of credit facility term loan                                        -                    -                   500
net draws (repayments) on credit facility revolver                        (221   )              186                   142
repurchase of senior notes, including exchangeable debentures             (150   )             (801   )            (1,795   )
mortgage debt and other prepayments and scheduled maturities              (384   )             (411   )              (113   )
host inc.:
common stock issuance                                                        4                  303                   274
dividends on common stock                                                 (469   )             (313   )              (187   )
host l.p.:
common op unit issuance                                                      4                  303                   274
distributions on common op units                                          (475   )             (317   )              (190   )
cash requirements. we use cash for acquisitions, capital expenditures, debt payments, operating costs, corporate and other expenses, as well as dividends and distributions to stockholders and unitholders. as a reit, host inc. is required to distribute to its stockholders at least 90% of its taxable income, excluding net capital gain, on an annual basis. funds used by host inc. to make cash distributions are provided by host l.p. our primary sources of cash are cash from operations, proceeds from the sale of assets, borrowings under our credit facility and debt and equity issuances.
the following graph summarizes our aggregate debt maturities as of february 20, 2015:
(1)   the debt maturing in 2015 assumes the exercise of a put option by the holders of our exchangeable senior debentures.

(2)   the term loan and credit facility agreements contain extension options that would extend the maturity of both instruments to 2019, subject to meeting certain conditions.

55
capital resources. we depend primarily on external sources of capital to finance future growth, including acquisitions. as a result, the liquidity and debt capacity provided by our credit facility and the ability to issue senior unsecured debt are key components of our capital structure. our financial flexibility (including our ability to incur debt, make distributions and make investments) is contingent on our ability to maintain compliance with the financial covenants of such indebtedness, which include, among other things, the allowable amounts of leverage, interest coverage and fixed charges.
if, at any time, we determine that market conditions are favorable, after taking into account our liquidity requirements, we may cause host l.p. to issue senior notes or debentures exchangeable for shares of host inc. common stock. given our total debt level and maturity schedule, we also will continue to redeem or refinance senior notes and mortgage debt from time to time, taking advantage of favorable market conditions. in february 2015, host inc.'s board of directors authorized repurchases of up to $500 million of senior notes, exchangeable debentures and mortgage debt other than in accordance with its terms. we may purchase senior notes and exchangeable debentures for cash through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, a tender offer or, in some cases, through the early redemption of such securities pursuant to their terms. repurchases of debt will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. any refinancing or retirement before the maturity date will affect earnings and ffo per diluted share as a result of the payment of any applicable call premiums and the acceleration of previously deferred financing costs. in addition, while we intend to use any available cash predominantly for acquisitions or other investments in our hotel portfolio, to the extent we do not identify appropriate investments, we may elect in the future to use available cash for other uses, including share repurchases. accordingly, in light of our priorities in managing our capital structure and liquidity profile and given prevailing conditions and relative pricing in the capital markets, we may, at any time, subject to applicable securities laws, be considering, or be in discussions with respect to the repurchase or issuance of exchangeable debentures and/or senior notes or the repurchase or sale of common stock. any such transactions may, subject to applicable securities laws, occur simultaneously.
we continue actively to explore potential acquisitions and anticipate that any such future acquisitions will be funded primarily by proceeds from sales of properties, but also potentially from equity offerings of host inc., or by issuances of op units by host l.p., the incurrence of debt, available cash or advances under our credit facility. given the nature of these transactions, we can make no assurances that we will be successful in acquiring any one or more hotels that we may review, bid on or negotiate to purchase. we may acquire additional properties through various structures, including transactions involving single assets, portfolios, joint ventures and acquisitions of the securities or assets of other reits.
counterparty credit risk. we are subject to counterparty credit risk, which relates to the ability of counterparties to meet their contractual payment obligations or the potential non-performance of counterparties to deliver contracted commodities or services at the contracted price. we assess the ability of our counterparties to fulfill their obligation to determine the impact, if any, of counterparty bankruptcy or insolvency on our financial condition. we are exposed to credit risk with respect to cash held at various financial institutions, access to our credit facility and amounts due or payable under our derivative contracts. our credit exposure in each of these cases is limited. our exposure with regard to our cash and the $796 million available under our credit facility is mitigated, as the credit risk is spread among a diversified group of investment grade financial institutions. at december 31, 2014, the exposure risk related to our derivative contracts totaled $13 million and the counterparties were investment grade financial institutions.
sources and uses of cash. in 2014, our sources of cash included cash from operations and proceeds from asset sales. uses of cash during the year consisted of acquisitions, investments in our joint ventures, capital expenditures, operating costs, debt repayments and repurchases and distributions to equity holders. we anticipate that our sources and uses of cash will be similar during 2015.
cash provided by operations. our cash provided by operations for 2014 increased $131 million to $1,150 million compared to 2013, primarily due to improved operations at our hotels and a decrease in cash interest payments.
cash used in investing activities. approximately $93 million of cash was used in investing activities during 2014 compared to $75 million in 2013. in addition to the acquisition, investment and disposition activity detailed in the charts below, we spent approximately $436 million on capital expenditures, the same level as in 2013. our renewal and replacement capital expenditures for 2014 were approximately $324 million, which reflects an increase of approximately 7% from 2013 levels. our renewal and replacement capital expenditures generally are funded by the furniture, fixture and equipment funds established at certain of our hotels (typically 5% of property revenues) and by our available cash. we also spent approximately $112 million in 2014 on roi/redevelopment projects and acquisition capital expenditures, which reflects a decrease of approximately 16% compared to 2013 levels. additionally, we have capitalized certain internal costs and interest expense associated with our capital expenditures projects in accordance with gaap. these capitalized costs were $14 million, $11 million and $11 million for 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
56
the following tables summarize significant investment activities and dispositions that have been completed as of february 20, 2015 (in millions):
transaction date                           description of transaction                    investment

acquisitions/investments january-december               2014   investment in maui jv                                      $(40            )
january-december               2014   development costs for two hotels in rio de janeiro                   (13   )
january-december               2014   investment in euro jv                                                (21   )
august                         2014   acquisition of b2 miami downtown hotel                               (58   )
january                        2014   acquisition of the powell hotel                                      (75   )
december                       2013   acquisition of land at the new york marriott marquis (1)             (20   )
january-december               2013   development costs for two hotels in rio de janeiro                   (19   )
may-august                     2013   investment in euro jv                                                (67   )
may                            2013   acquisition of hyatt place waikiki beach                            (139   )
total acquisitions/investments                             $(452           )
___________
(1)   the investment price was $45 million, which includes $25 million of consideration paid in prior years.

transaction date                                    description of transaction                          net proceeds(1)     sales price

dispositions/return on investments december                                 2014   disposition of dayton marriott                                                      $18             $21
december                                 2014   disposition of greensboro-high point marriott airport                                16              19
october                                  2014   disposition of tampa marriott waterside hotel &amp; marina                          189             199
april                                    2014   distribution from euro jv                                                            17              17
february                                 2014   disposition of courtyard nashua                                                       9              10
january                                  2014   sale of 89% interest in the philadelphia marriott downtown(2)                       290             270
december                                 2013   disposition of dallas/addison marriott quorum by the galleria                        53              56
november                                 2013   disposition of four seasons hotel atlanta                                            62              63
november                                 2013   disposition of portland marriott downtown waterfront                                 83              87
june                                     2013   disposition of the ritz-carlton, san francisco                                      146             161
april                                    2013   sale of land adjacent to newport beach marriott hotel &amp; spa                      24              24
january                                  2013   disposition of atlanta marriott marquis                                             276             293
total dispositions                                                               $1,183          $1,220
___________
(1)   proceeds are net of ff&amp;e replacement funds paid by the purchasers and retained at the hotels, transfer taxes and other sales costs.

(2)   sales price represents the 89% interest in the hotel that was sold. net proceeds also include our 11% portion of the proceeds received from the $230 million mortgage loan issued by the partnership at closing.

cash used in financing activities. net cash used in financing activities was $1,226 million for 2014, as compared to $493 million in 2013. during 2014, cash used primarily consisted of debt repayments or repurchases and dividend payments, while 2013 also included issuances of debt and equity securities.
the following table summarizes significant debt issuances, net of deferred financing costs, that have been completed as of february 20, 2015 (in millions):
transaction date                                  description of transaction                           net proceeds

debt issuances february - december   2013   net draw on revolver portion of credit facility                                      $186
december              2013   issuance of mortgage debt on the harbor beach marriott resort &amp; spa               150
march                 2013   proceeds from the issuance of $400 million 3 3/4% series d senior notes               396
total issuances                                                                      $732
57
the following table presents significant debt repayments, including prepayment premiums, that have been completed as of february 20, 2015 (in millions):
transaction

transaction date                   description of transaction                                                       amount cash repayments january - october           2014   net repayment on revolver portion of credit facility                             $(221           )
october                     2014   redemption of dulles airport industrial revenue bond                                       (12   )
june                        2014   redemption of philadelphia airport marriott industrial revenue bond                        (40   )
june                        2014   redemption of newark liberty international airport marriott industrial revenue             (32   )
bond february                    2014   repayment of mortgage loan on the ritz-carlton, naples and newport beach                  (300   )
marriott february                    2014   redemption of $150 million of 6 3/4% series q senior notes                                (152   )
december                    2013   repayment of mortgage loan on the westin denver downtown                                   (31   )
december                    2013   repayment of mortgage loan on the harbor beach marriott resort &amp; spa                  (134   )
september                   2013   redemption of $200 million of 6 3/4% series q senior notes                                (202   )
june                        2013   redemption of $200 million of 6 3/4% series q senior notes                                (202   )
may                         2013   repayment of mortgage loan on the orlando world center marriott                           (246   )
may                         2013   redemption of $400 million of 9% series t senior notes                                    (418   )
2013/2014                          principal amortization                                                                      (2   )
total cash repayments                                                            $(1,992         )
non-cash debt transaction march                       2013   exchange of a portion of the 2004 debentures for host inc. common stock (1)      $(174           )
___________
(1)   in connection with the exchange, host l.p. issued approximately 11.5 million common op units to host inc.

equity/capital transactions. in 2013, host inc. issued 16.9 million shares of common stock, at an average price of $17.78 per share, for proceeds of approximately $297 million, net of commissions of approximately $3 million. these issuances were made in "at-the-market" offerings pursuant to sales agency financing agreements with bny mellon capital markets, llc and scotia capital (usa) inc. and represented the completion of sales available under these agreements. the net proceeds were used to fund hotel acquisitions, development projects and a portion of our roi/redevelopment capital expenditures. there were no "at-the-market" issuances in 2014.
the following table summarizes significant equity transactions that have been completed as of february 20, 2015 (in millions):
transaction

transaction date                     description of transaction                                                         amount equity of host inc.
january                       2015   dividend payment (1)(2)                                                            $(197           )
january-december              2014   dividend payments (2)                                                                      (469    )
january-december              2013   dividend payments (2)                                                                      (313    )
january-september             2013   issuance of approximately 16.9 million common shares under host inc.'s "at-the-    297
market" equity program (3)
cash payments on equity transactions                                               $(682           )
non-cash equity transaction march                         2013   issuance of approximately 11.7 million common shares through the exchange of the   $174
2004 debentures (4)
___________
58
(1)   our dividend payment for the fourth quarter of 2014 was made in january 2015, but accrued at december 31, 2014.

(2)   in connection with the dividends, host l.p. made distributions of $199 million in 2015, $475 million in 2014 and $317 million in 2013 to its common unit holders.

(3)   in exchange for the cash consideration received from the issuance of these shares, host l.p. issued to host inc. approximately 16.5 million common op units in 2013.

(4)   in connection with the exchange, host l.p. issued approximately 11.5 million common op units to host inc.

financial condition as of december 31, 2014, our total debt was approximately $4.0 billion, of which 79% carried a fixed rate of interest. total debt was comprised of the following (in millions):
as of december 31,

2014                    2013
series q senior notes, with a rate of 63⁄4% due june 2016                                        $-                      $150
series v senior notes, with a rate of 6% due november 2020                                    500                       500
series x senior notes, with a rate of 57⁄8% due june 2019                                       498                       497
series z senior notes, with a rate of 6% due october 2021                                     300                       300
series b senior notes, with a rate of 51⁄4% due march 2022                                      350                       350
series c senior notes, with a rate of 43⁄4% due march 2023                                      450                       450
series d senior notes, with a rate of 33⁄4% due october 2023                                    400                       400
2009 exchangeable senior debentures, with a rate of 21⁄2% due october 2029                      386                       371
total senior notes                                                                          2,884                     3,018
credit facility revolver                                                                      204                       446
credit facility term loan due june 2017                                                       500                       500
mortgage debt (non-recourse), with an average interest rate of 5.0% and 4.1% at               404                       709
december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, maturing through january 2024
other                                                                                           -                        86
total debt                                                                                 $3,992                    $4,759
aggregate debt maturities at december 31, 2014 are as follows (in millions):
senior notes

and         mortgage debt credit facility             and other         total
2015 (1)                $400                    $-          $400
2016                   -                   253           253
2017                 500                -                500
2018                 204                -                204
2019                 500                -                500
thereafter               2,000                   150         2,150
3,604                   403         4,007
unamortized (discounts) premiums, net                 (16   )            -                (16   )
capital lease obligations                   -                     1             1
$3,588                  $404        $3,992
___________
(1)   the debt maturing in 2015 includes $400 million of our exchangeable senior debentures that are subject to a put option by holders in that year.

senior notes. the following summary is a description of the material provisions of the indentures governing our various senior notes issued by host l.p., to which we refer collectively as the senior notes indenture. we pay interest on each series of our outstanding senior notes semi-annually in arrears at the respective annual rates indicated on the table above. under the terms of our senior notes indenture, our senior notes are equal in right of payment with all of host l.p.'s unsubordinated indebtedness and senior to all subordinated obligations of host l.p.
59
pledges and guarantees. under the senior notes indenture, all host l.p. subsidiaries which guarantee host l.p. debt are required to similarly guarantee debt issuances under the indenture. also, to the extent the equity of any subsidiaries of host l.p. is pledged to secure borrowings under the credit facility, such collateral likewise is required to secure senior note issuances under the senior notes indenture. while the credit facility currently does not include any subsidiary guarantees or pledges of equity interests, such guarantees or pledges subsequently will be required in the event that host l.p.'s leverage ratio exceeds 6.0x for two consecutive fiscal quarters at a time that host l.p. does not have an investment grade long-term unsecured debt rating. in the event that such guarantee and pledge requirement is triggered, the guarantees and pledges would ratably benefit the credit facility, as well as the senior notes issued under the senior notes indenture and certain hedging and bank product arrangements with lenders that are parties to the credit facility. if triggered, the guarantees and pledges only would be required by certain u.s. and canadian subsidiaries of host l.p. and a substantial portion of our subsidiaries would not provide guarantees or pledges of equity interests. further, if at any time our leverage ratio falls below 6.0x for two consecutive fiscal quarters or host l.p. has an investment grade long-term unsecured debt rating, such guarantees and pledges may be released.
series d senior notes restrictive covenants in march 2013, we completed an underwritten public offering of $400 million aggregate principal amount of series d senior notes bearing interest at a rate of 3.75% per year due in 2023. the series d senior notes are not redeemable prior to 90 days before the october 15, 2023 maturity date, except at a price equal to 100% of their principal amount, plus a make-whole premium as set forth in the senior notes indenture, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the applicable redemption date. the notes were issued under our existing senior notes indenture and have covenants customary for investment grade debt, primarily limitations on our ability to incur debt. there are no restrictions on our ability to pay dividends. because these senior notes were issued after we attained an investment grade rating, while all other series of our senior notes were issued before we had attained an investment grade rating, the covenants of these senior notes are different than the covenants applicable to our other senior notes.
under the terms of the series d senior notes, host l.p.'s ability to incur indebtedness is subject to restrictions and the satisfaction of various conditions, including the achievement of an ebitda-to-interest coverage ratio of at least 1.5x by host l.p. as calculated, this ratio excludes from interest expense items such as call premiums and deferred financing charges that are included in interest expense on host l.p.'s consolidated statement of operations. in addition, the calculation is based on host l.p.'s pro forma results for the four prior fiscal quarters, giving effect to certain transactions, such as acquisitions, dispositions and financings, as if they had occurred at the beginning of the period. other covenants limiting host l.p.'s ability to incur indebtedness include maintaining total indebtedness of less than 65% of adjusted total assets (using undepreciated real estate book values), maintaining secured indebtedness of less than 40% of adjusted total assets and maintaining total unencumbered assets of at least 150% of the aggregate principal amount of outstanding unsecured indebtedness of host l.p. and its subsidiaries. so long as host l.p. maintains the required level of interest coverage and satisfies these and other conditions in the senior notes indenture, it may incur additional debt.
we are in compliance with all of the financial covenants applicable to our series d senior notes. the following table summarizes the financial tests contained in the senior notes indenture for our series d senior notes and our actual credit ratios as of december 31, 2014:
actual ratio         covenant requirement

unencumbered assets tests                          489   %   minimum ratio of 150%
total indebtedness to total assets                  21   %   maximum ratio of 65%
secured indebtedness to total assets                 2   %   maximum ratio of 40%
ebitda-to-interest coverage ratio                  7.3   x   minimum ratio of 1.5x prior series of senior notes restrictive covenants currently, our senior notes have an investment grade rating from both moody's and standard & poor's. as a result, many of the restrictive covenants contained in the senior notes indenture and the supplemental indentures for our prior series of senior notes are not applicable, as they do not apply for so long as such series of notes maintain an investment grade rating from both moody's and standard & poor's. the following primary covenants continue to apply to our existing senior notes (other than our series d senior notes):
●   restrict our ability to sell all or substantially all of our assets or merge with or into other companies; and

●   require us to make an offer to repurchase the existing senior notes then currently outstanding upon the occurrence of a change of control.

60
if our senior notes no longer are rated investment grade by either or both of moody's and standard & poor's, then the following covenants and other restrictions will be reinstated for our existing senior notes (but will not apply to the series d senior notes which have different covenants):
●   our ability to incur indebtedness and make distributions will be subject to restrictions and the satisfaction of various conditions, including the achievement of an ebitda-to­interest coverage ratio of at least 2.0x. we will be able to make distributions to enable host inc. to pay dividends on its preferred stock, if any, under the senior notes indenture when our ebitda-to-interest coverage ratio is above 1.7 to 1.0. this ratio is calculated in accordance with the terms of our senior notes indenture applicable to our existing senior notes based on pro forma results for the four prior fiscal quarters, giving effect to transactions such as acquisitions, dispositions and financings, as if they had occurred at the beginning of the period. interest expense excludes items such as the gains and losses on the extinguishment of debt, deferred financing charges related to the senior notes or the credit facility, amortization of debt premiums or discounts that were recorded at acquisition of a loan in order to establish the debt at fair value, and, during the year ended december 31, 2014, approximately $16 million of non-cash interest, which represents interest expense recorded as a result of the implementation in 2009 of an accounting requirement relating to our outstanding exchangeable senior debentures. these amounts are included in interest expense on our consolidated statements of operations;

●   other covenants limiting our ability to incur indebtedness and make distributions would include maintaining total indebtedness of less than 65% of adjusted total assets (using undepreciated real estate book values), excluding intangible assets, and maintaining secured indebtedness and subsidiary indebtedness of less than 45% of adjusted total assets. so long as we maintain the required level of interest coverage and satisfy these and other conditions in the senior notes indenture applicable to our existing senior notes, we may make preferred or common op unit distributions and incur additional debt, including debt incurred in connection with an acquisition. even if we are below the coverage levels otherwise required to incur debt and make distributions when our senior notes no longer are rated investment grade, we still will be permitted to incur certain types of debt, including (i) credit facility debt, (ii) refinancing debt, (iii) up to $400 million of mortgage debt, which proceeds would be used to repay debt under the credit facility (and permanently reduce our ability to borrow under the credit facility by such amount), and (iv) up to $150 million of other debt. we also will be permitted to make distributions of estimated taxable income that are necessary to maintain host inc.'s reit status;

●   a requirement to maintain unencumbered assets, based on undepreciated book values, of not less than 125% of the aggregate amount of senior note debt, plus other debt not secured by mortgages. this coverage requirement must be maintained at all times and is distinct from the coverage requirements necessary to incur debt or make distributions discussed above (which consequences, where we fall below the coverage level, are limited to restricting our ability to incur new debt or make distributions, but which would not otherwise cause a default under our senior notes indenture); and

●   our ability to make distributions on, redeem or repurchase our op units; permit payment or distribution restrictions on certain of our subsidiaries; sell assets; enter into transactions with affiliates; and create certain liens will be restricted.

the following summarizes the actual credit ratios for our existing senior notes (other than the series d senior notes) as of december 31, 2014 and the covenant requirements contained in the senior notes indenture that would be applicable at such times as our existing senior notes no longer are rated investment grade by either of moody's or standard & poor's. even if we were to lose the investment grade rating, we would be in compliance with all of our financial covenants under the senior notes indenture:
actual ratio*         covenant requirement

unencumbered assets tests                          498   %   minimum ratio of 125%
total indebtedness to total assets                  21   %   maximum ratio of 65%
secured indebtedness to total assets                 2   %   maximum ratio of 45%
ebitda-to-interest coverage ratio                  7.4   x   minimum ratio of 2.0x
*   because of differences in the calculation methodology between our series d senior notes and our other senior notes, our actual ratios as reported can be slightly different.

exchangeable debentures. as of december 31, 2014, we have $400 million of 21⁄2% exchangeable senior debentures outstanding that were issued on december 22, 2009 (the "2009 debentures"). the 2009 debentures are equal in right of payment with all of our other senior notes. holders have the right to require us to purchase the 2009 debentures at a price equal to 100% of the principal amount outstanding plus accrued interest (the "put option") on october 15, 2015 and on certain other subsequent dates. holders of the 2009 debentures also have the right to exchange the 2009 debentures prior to maturity under certain conditions, including at any time at which the closing price of host inc.'s common stock is more than 130% of the exchange price per share for at least 20 of the last 30 consecutive trading days of the calendar quarter or at any time up to two days prior to the date on which the 2009 debentures have been called for redemption. we can redeem for cash all, or part, of the 2009 debentures at any time subsequent
61
to october 20, 2015, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount plus accrued interest. if, at any time, we elect to redeem the 2009 debentures and the exchange value exceeds the cash redemption price, we would expect the holders to elect to exchange the 2009 debentures at the respective exchange value rather than receive the cash redemption price. the exchange value is equal to the applicable exchange rate multiplied by the price of host inc.'s common stock. upon exchange, the 2009 debentures would be exchanged for host inc.'s common stock, cash or a combination thereof, at our option. as of december 31, 2014, the closing price of host inc.'s common stock exceeded 130% of the exchange price for more than 20 of 30 consecutive prior trading days. therefore, the 2009 debentures are exchangeable by holders through march 31, 2015. whether the 2009 debentures continue to be exchangeable after march 31, 2015 will depend on future trading prices of host inc's common stock. currently, each $1,000 debenture would be exchanged for 77.8265 host inc. common shares (for an equivalent per share price of $12.85), for a total of 31.1 million shares.  for additional detail on the initial valuation of the 2009 debentures and the related interest expense, see "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 4. debt - exchangeable debentures."
credit facility. on june 27, 2014, we entered into a new senior revolving credit facility with bank of america, n.a., as administrative agent, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as syndication agent, and certain other agents and lenders. the credit facility allows for revolving borrowings in an aggregate principal amount of up to $1 billion, including a foreign currency subfacility for canadian dollars, australian dollars, new zealand dollars, japanese yen, euros, british pound sterling and, if available to the lenders, mexican peso, of up to the foreign currency equivalent of $500 million, subject to a lower amount in the case of new zealand dollar and mexican peso borrowings. the credit facility also provides a subfacility of up to $100 million for swingline borrowings in u.s. dollars, canadian dollars, euros or british pounds sterling and a subfacility of up to $100 million for issuances of letters of credit. host l.p. also has the option to increase the aggregate principal amount of the credit facility by up to $500 million, subject to obtaining additional loan commitments and satisfaction of certain conditions. the credit facility has an initial scheduled maturity of june 2018, with two six-month renewal options, subject to certain conditions, including the payment of an extension fee and the accuracy of representations and warranties.
credit facility term loan. the june 2014 credit facility contained a term loan facility of $500 million, which replaced and refinanced the term loan under our prior facility of like amount. the term loan facility contains an option for us to increase the aggregate principal amount of the term loan facility by up to $500 million in the future, subject to obtaining additional loan commitments and the satisfaction of the other conditions specified in the credit facility. the term loan facility has an initial scheduled maturity of june 2017, with two one-year renewal options, subject to certain conditions, including the payment of an extension fee and the accuracy of representations and warranties.
the term loan does not require any scheduled amortization payments prior to maturity. the term loan otherwise is subject to the same terms and conditions as those in the credit facility regarding subsidiary guarantees and pledges of security interests in subsidiaries, operational covenants, financial covenants and events of default (as discussed below).
collateral and guarantees. the credit facility does not currently include any subsidiary guarantees or pledges of equity interests in our subsidiaries or any other security, and the guarantees and pledges are required only in the event that host l.p.'s leverage ratio exceeds 6.0x for two consecutive fiscal quarters at a time that host l.p. does not have an investment grade long-term unsecured debt rating. in the event that such guarantee and pledge requirement is triggered, the guarantees and pledges would ratably benefit the credit facility, as well as the notes outstanding under host l.p.'s senior notes indenture, interest rate and currency hedges and certain other hedging and bank product arrangements with lenders that are parties to the credit facility. even when triggered, the guarantees and pledges only would be required by certain u.s. and canadian subsidiaries of host l.p. and a substantial portion of our subsidiaries would provide neither guarantees nor pledges of equity interests. further, if at any time our leverage ratio falls below 6.0x for two consecutive fiscal quarters or host l.p. has an investment grade long-term unsecured debt rating, such guarantees and pledges may be released.
prepayments. voluntary prepayments of the loans under the credit facility are permitted in whole or in part without premium or penalty. the loans under the credit facility are required to be prepaid in the event that asset sales reduce adjusted total assets (using undepreciated real estate book values) to below $10 billion if we do not reinvest the proceeds of those asset sales in new properties. at december 31, 2014, we have adjusted total assets, as defined in our credit facility, of $19 billion.
financial covenants.  the credit facility contains covenants concerning allowable leverage, fixed charge coverage and unsecured interest coverage. we are permitted to make borrowings and maintain amounts outstanding under the credit facility so long as our leverage ratio is not in excess of 7.25x, our unsecured coverage ratio is not less than 1.75x and our fixed charge coverage ratio is not less than 1.25x. the financial covenants for the credit facility do not apply when there are no borrowings under the credit facility. hence, so long as there are no amounts outstanding thereunder and the term loan is repaid, we would not be in default if we do not satisfy the financial covenants and we do not lose the potential to draw under the credit facility in the future if we were ever to regain compliance with the financial covenants. these calculations are performed based on pro forma results for the prior four fiscal quarters, giving effect to transactions such as acquisitions, dispositions and financings as if they had occurred at the beginning of the period. under the terms of the credit facility, interest expense excludes items such as the gains and losses on the extinguishment of
62
debt, deferred financing charges related to the senior notes or the credit facility, amortization of debt premiums or discounts that were recorded at issuance of a loan in order to establish its fair value and non-cash interest expense due to the implementation in 2009 of accounting standards relating to our exchangeable debentures, all of which are included in interest expense on our consolidated statement of operations. additionally, total debt used in the calculation of our leverage ratio is based on a "net debt" concept, pursuant to which cash and cash equivalents in excess of $100 million are deducted from our total debt balance.
we are in compliance with all of our financial covenants under the credit facility. the following table summarizes the financial tests contained in the credit facility as of december 31, 2014:
actual ratio         covenant requirement for all years

leverage ratio                                      2.6   x   maximum ratio of 7.25x fixed charge coverage ratio                         5.2   x   minimum ratio of 1.25x unsecured interest coverage ratio (1)               8.5   x   minimum ratio of 1.75x
___________
(1)   if at any time our leverage ratio is above 7.0x, our minimum unsecured interest coverage ratio will be reduced to 1.5x.

interest and fees. we pay interest on revolver borrowings under the credit facility at floating rates equal to libor plus a margin. the margin ranges from 87.5 to 155 basis points (depending on host l.p.'s unsecured long-term debt rating). we also pay a facility fee ranging from 12.5 to 30 basis points, depending on our rating and regardless of usage. based on host l.p.'s unsecured long-term debt rating as of december 31, 2014, we are able to borrow at a rate of libor plus 100 basis points and pay a facility fee of 20 basis points. interest on the term loan consists of floating rates equal to libor plus a margin ranging from 90 to 175 basis points (depending on host l.p.'s unsecured long-term debt rating). based on host l.p.'s long-term debt rating as of december 31, 2014, our applicable margin on the term loan is 112.5 basis points, for an all-in interest rate of 1.29%.
other covenants and events of default. the credit facility contains restrictive covenants on customary matters. certain covenants are less restrictive at any time that our leverage ratio is below 6.0x, as currently is the case. in particular, at any time that our leverage ratio is below 6.0x, we will not be subject to limitations on capital expenditures, and the limitations on acquisitions, investments, dividends and distributions contained in the credit facility will be superseded by the generally less restrictive corresponding covenants in our senior notes indenture. additionally, the credit facility's restrictions on incurrence of debt and the payment of dividends and distributions generally are consistent with our senior notes indenture. these provisions, under certain circumstances, limit debt incurrence to debt incurred under the credit facility or in connection with a refinancing, and limit dividend payments to those necessary to maintain host inc.'s tax status as a reit.
the credit facility also includes usual and customary events of default for facilities of this nature, and provides that, upon the occurrence and continuance of an event of default, payment of all amounts due under the credit facility may be accelerated and the lenders' commitments may be terminated. in addition, upon the occurrence of certain insolvency or bankruptcy related events of default, all amounts due under the credit facility will automatically become due and payable and the lenders' commitments automatically will terminate.
mortgage and other debt. as of december 31, 2014, we had mortgage debt secured by 10 hotels, which represent 4% of our total revenues in 2014. substantially all of our mortgage debt is recourse solely to specific assets, except in instances of fraud, misapplication of funds and other customary recourse provisions. as of december 31, 2014, secured debt represented approximately 10% of our total debt and our aggregate secured debt had an average interest rate of 5.0% and an average maturity of 4.3 years.
63
the following table summarizes our outstanding debt and scheduled amortization and maturities related to mortgage and other debt as of december 31, 2014 (in millions):
balance as of

december 31,
2014                  2015        2016          2017        2018        2019           thereafter mortgage debt harbor beach marriott resort and spa, 4.75%,                  $150          $-            $-       $-          $-          $-               $150
due 1/1/2024
new zealand hotel portfolio, 6.60%, due                         82           -            82           -           -           -           -
2/18/2016 (1)
hyatt regency reston, 3.26%, due 7/1/16 (2)                    100           -           100           -           -           -           -
hilton melbourne south wharf, 6.20%, due                        71           -            71           -           -           -           -
11/23/2016 (3)
capital leases                                                   1           1             -           -           -           -           -
total mortgage debt                                           $404          $1          $253       $-          $-          $-               $150
___________
(1)   the floating interest rate is equal to the 3-month new zealand bank bill rate plus 105 basis points plus an additional commitment fee of 105 basis points per annum. in addition, we entered into a swap agreement that fixes 75% of the loan at an all-in rate of 6.85%. the rate shown reflects the rate in effect at december 31, 2014.

(2)   this floating rate mortgage is based on libor plus 310 basis points. the rate shown reflects the rate in effect at december 31, 2014.

(3)   the floating interest rate is equal to the 3-month bbsy plus 230 basis points. in addition, we entered into separate agreements that fix 75% of the loan at an all-in rate of 6.7% and cap the remaining 25% at an all-in interest rate of 9.9%. the rate shown reflects the rate in effect at december 31, 2014.

mortgage debt of consolidated and unconsolidated partner interests. for the entities that we consolidate in our financial statements that have third party non-controlling partnership interests, the portion of mortgage debt included in the above table that is attributable to the non-controlling interests, based on their percentage of ownership of the ventures, is approximately $93 million. additionally, we have non-controlling interests in partnerships and joint ventures that are not consolidated and are accounted for under the equity method. the portion of the mortgage and other debt of these partnerships and joint ventures attributable to us, based on our percentage of ownership thereof, was $502 million at december 31, 2014. this debt balance primarily is attributable to our approximate one-third ownership interest in the euro jv. the mortgage debt related to the hotels owned by our euro jv contains operating covenants that could result in the joint venture being required to escrow cash from operations or make principal repayments without penalty. the debt of our european and asia/pacific joint ventures is non-recourse to us and we have jointly and/or severally guaranteed construction loans incurred by our maui timeshare and hyatt place nashville joint ventures. see "-off-balance sheet arrangements and contractual obligations."
distribution/dividend. host inc.'s policy on common dividends generally is to distribute, over time, 100% of its taxable income, which primarily is dependent on our results of operations, as well as gains and losses on property sales. host inc. paid a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.20 per share and a special cash dividend of $0.06 per share on its common stock on january 15, 2015. the $0.20 per share dividend represents host inc.'s intended regular quarterly dividend for the next several quarters, subject to board approval. while host inc. intends to use available cash predominantly for acquisitions or other investments in its portfolio, to the extent that we do not identify appropriate investments, it may elect in the future to use available cash for other uses, such as common stock repurchases or increased dividends, which could be in excess of taxable income. any special dividend would be subject to approval by host inc.'s board of directors.
funds used by host inc. to pay dividends are provided through distributions from host l.p. as of december 31, 2014, host inc. is the owner of approximately 99% of host l.p.'s common op units. the remaining common op units are owned by various unaffiliated limited partners. each op unit may be offered for redemption by the holders for cash or, at the election of host inc., host inc. common stock based on the then current conversion ratio. the current conversion ratio is 1.021494 shares of host inc. common stock for each op unit.
investors should take into account the 1% non-controlling position of host l.p. op units when analyzing dividend payments by host inc. to its stockholders, as these holders of op units share, on a pro rata basis, in amounts being distributed by host l.p. to holders of its corresponding op units. for example, if host inc. paid a $1 per share dividend on its common stock, it would be based on the payment of a $1.021494 per common unit distribution by host l.p. to host inc., as well as to the other common op unitholders.
64
off-balance sheet arrangements and contractual obligations off-balance sheet arrangements. we are party to various transactions, agreements or other contractual arrangements with unconsolidated entities (which we refer to as "off-balance sheet arrangements"), pursuant to which we have certain contingent liabilities and/or guarantees. contingencies included on our balance sheet are discussed in part ii item 8. "financial statements and supplementary data - note 16. "guarantees and contingencies." as of december 31, 2014, we are party to the following material off-balance sheet arrangements:
european joint venture. the euro jv consists of two separate funds, with our partners being apg strategic real estate pool nv, an affiliate of a dutch pension fund, and jasmine hotels pte ltd, an affiliate of the real estate investment company of the government of singapore investment corporation pte ltd ("gic re"). we serve as the general partner for the joint venture and have a combined general and limited partner interest of 32.1% of euro jv fund i and 33.4% of euro jv fund ii. due to the ownership structure and substantive participating rights of the non-host limited partners, including approval over financing, acquisitions and dispositions, and annual operating and capital expenditures budgets, the euro jv is not consolidated in our financial statements. as of december 31, 2014, the total assets of the euro jv are approximately €1.9 billion ($2.3 billion).
our investment and partners' funding as of december 31, 2014 is as follows:
host's net investment                               total partner funding

euros                                     us$   euros                         % of total commitment
(in millions)                   (in millions)   (in millions)
euro jv fund i    €           165                          $199   €           647               94                        %
euro jv fund ii   123                                       149   364                           81                        %
€           288                          $348   €         1,011
the partners expect to utilize the remaining commitment for euro jv fund i for capital expenditures and financing needs. in june 2014, the euro jv partners executed an amendment and restatement of the euro jv partnership agreement which allows contributions to the joint venture in the form of loans, as opposed to only equity contributions. effective june 27, 2014, the euro jv partners also amended the agreement to extend the commitment period for euro jv fund ii by one year to june 27, 2015. the commitment period of euro jv fund i currently expires in december 2015. as asset manager of the euro jv funds, we earn an asset management fee based on the amount of equity commitments and equity invested, which in 2014, 2013 and 2012 were approximately $16 million, $15 million and $13 million, respectively.
the following table sets forth operating statistics for the euro jv comparable hotels as of december 31, 2014 and 2013:
comparable euro jv hotels in constant euros (1)

change
2014                       2013                                    2013 to 2014
average room rate       €      182.05                 €      179.92                             1.2   %
average occupancy       77.5            %             76.5            %                         100   bps revpar                  €      141.13                 €      137.68                             2.5   %
___________
(1)   the presentation above includes the operating performance for the 17 properties consisting of 5,612 rooms in the joint venture with comparable results. the table excludes one hotel acquired in each of 2014 and 2013 as the euro jv did not own each hotel for the entirety of the periods presented. see "-comparable hotel operating statistics."

the operating statistics of the hotels are presented in constant euros, the functional currency of the euro jv, in order to present the results of the hotels without the effects of foreign currency exchange rates. the functional currency of the hotels owned in the united kingdom and poland are the british pound sterling and the polish zloty, respectively. for the year ended december 31, 2014, revpar in constant euros for the euro jv increased by 2.5%, driven primarily by strength in transient business. additionally, food and beverage revenues for the euro jv comparable properties increased approximately 5.1% in 2014.
for 2014, 2013 and 2012 our portion of the earnings (losses) of the euro jv were $21 million, $(12) million and $4 million, respectively, and are included in equity in earnings (losses) of affiliates on our statements of operations. the loss in 2013 includes our portion of a €33 million ($46 million) impairment expense related to the sheraton roma hotel & conference center. the euro jv analyzes its properties for impairment throughout the year when events or circumstances occur that indicate the carrying amount may not be recoverable. a property is considered to be impaired when the sum of the future undiscounted cash flows over its remaining estimated holding period is less than the carrying amount of the asset. if a property is impaired, an expense is recorded for the
65
difference between the fair value and the net carrying amount of the hotel. we also reviewed our investment in the euro jv for other-than-temporary impairment and determined that no additional impairment expense was considered necessary in 2014 or 2013.
cash flows from operating activities of the euro jv were €69 million, €36 million and €35 million for 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. in april 2014, the euro jv made a cash distribution to its partners totaling €37 million, of which host's share was €12 million ($17 million). no similar distribution was made in 2013 or 2012. subsequent to year end, in february 2015, the euro jv distributed an additional €10 million to its partners, of which host's share was €3 million ($4 million). future cash flows from operations primarily are expected to continue to be used to invest in the portfolio through capital expenditures and to fund other investments, but also may result in distributions to partners. during 2014, 2013 and 2012, the euro jv invested approximately €21 million, €32 million and €29 million, respectively, in capital expenditures projects. the euro jv expects to spend between €20 million and €30 million on capital expenditures in 2015, none of which capital expenditures are expected to require additional partner contributions.
on september 30, 2014, the euro jv fund ii acquired a 90% ownership interest in the 394-room grand hotel esplanade in berlin. the hotel was acquired based on an aggregate gross value of €81 million ($102 million), and is subject to approximately €48 million ($61 million) of debt with a margin of 219 basis points over euribor, which debt is non-recourse to the partners of the euro jv. we contributed approximately €10 million ($14 million) to the euro jv in connection with this acquisition, partially funded through a draw on our credit facility. in january 2015, the hotel was repositioned as the sheraton berlin grand hotel esplanade.
on october 16, 2014, the euro jv fund i sold the 350-room sheraton skyline hotel & conference centre for £33 million ($53 million). the proceeds were used to repay the £21 million (€26.5 million) mortgage loan secured by the property, and €15.5 million of mortgage debt secured by other euro jv properties that were cross collateralized with the sheraton skyline.
the euro jv has €980 million ($1,186 million) of mortgage debt, all of which is non-recourse to us. a default of the euro jv mortgage debt does not trigger a default under any of our debt. on july 3, 2014, the euro jv refinanced the €69 million ($94 million) loan secured by three properties in brussels with natixis, reducing the outstanding principal amount of the mortgage loan to €47.8 million using funds provided by the partners. interest on the new loan is a combination of fixed and floating for an initial all-in rate of 2.0% and has a maturity date of july 3, 2019.
the following presents our portion of the euro jv debt maturities as of december 31, 2014:
we have entered into four foreign currency forward sale contracts in order to hedge the foreign currency exposure resulting from the eventual repatriation of our net investment in the euro jv. the forward purchases will occur between august 2015 and may 2017. we have hedged €177 million (approximately $228 million) of our investment through these contracts and designated draws under our credit facility in euros. for additional detail on the foreign currency forward sale contracts and our exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, see part ii item 7a. "-quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
asia/pacific joint venture. we have a 25% interest in the asia/pacific jv with reco hotels jv private limited, an affiliate of gic re. the agreement may be terminated by either partner at any time after march 2015, which would trigger the liquidation of the jv along with the assets within the jv. due to the ownership structure and the substantive participating rights of the non-host limited
66
partner, including approval over financing, acquisitions and dispositions, and annual operating and capital expenditures budgets, the asia/pacific jv is not consolidated in our financial statements. the commitment period for equity contributions to the asia/pacific jv expired in march 2012. we did not extend the commitment period beyond the expiration date; however, as we continue to invest in asia, we may offer gic re opportunities to participate in certain acquisitions through the existing joint venture or through a new joint venture.
as of december 31, 2014, the asia/pacific jv owns one hotel in australia and the partners have invested approximately $83 million (of which our share was $21 million) in a separate joint venture in india with accor s.a. and interglobe enterprises limited, in which the asia/pacific jv holds a 36% interest. this joint venture is developing seven properties in india, totaling approximately 1,750 rooms, two of which opened in bangalore in 2012, one of which opened in chennai in 2014 and four of which are under various stages of development in chennai and delhi. the hotels currently are and will be managed by accor under the pullman, ibis and novotel brands.
maui joint venture. we have a 67% ownership in a joint venture with an affiliate of hyatt residential group, a subsidiary of interval leisure group, (the "maui jv") to develop, sell and operate a 131-unit vacation ownership project in maui, hawaii adjacent to our hyatt regency maui resort & spa. our ownership is a non-controlling interest as a result of the significant economic rights held by the interval member, which also is the managing member. the project opened in december 2014 with total development costs to date of $180 million. the total estimated development costs are $200 million, which is partially being funded with a $110 million construction loan, which is jointly and severally guaranteed by us and hyatt hotels corporation, and with member contributions. as of december 31, 2014, $86 million was outstanding on the construction loan. our total investment in the maui jv is approximately $87 million, which as of december 31, 2014 includes contributions of land valued at $36 million, $8 million in pre-formation expenditures and additional capital contributions of $43 million. as of december 31, 2014, the maui jv has recognized $54 million in sales of timeshare units for which we have recognized earnings of $7 million in 2014, including our share of the sales, net of costs, a portion of the deferred gain on the contribution of the land and our share of development fees. the book value of our investment in the maui jv is $61 million.
hyatt place joint venture. on november 12, 2013, we opened the 255-room hyatt place nashville downtown in tennessee, which was developed for $43 million through a joint venture, in which we are a 50% partner, with white lodging services. the joint venture has a $34.8 million construction loan for this project, and as of december 31, 2014, $31 million was outstanding on this facility. along with white lodging services, we have jointly and severally guaranteed the payment of the loan. we invested approximately $6 million for our investment in the joint venture. due to the significant control rights of our partner, we do not consolidate the joint venture in our financial statements.
for additional discussion on each of our joint venture investments see part ii item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 3. "investments in affiliates."
contractual obligations. the table below summarizes our obligations for principal and estimated interest payments on our debt, future minimum lease payments on our operating and capital leases, projected capital expenditures and other long-term liabilities, each as of december 31, 2014 (in millions):
payments due by period

less than                                                                  more than total                1 year              1 to 3 years              3 to 5 years                5 years long-term debt obligations (1)                                        $5,006                  $583                    $1,054                      $969                 $2,400
capital lease obligations                                                  1                     1                         -                    -                           -
operating lease obligations                                            1,788                    46                        88                        82                  1,572
purchase obligations (2)                                                 522                   419                       103                    -                           -
other long-term liabilities reflected on the balance sheet (3)            19                     -                        10                    -                           9
total                                                                 $7,336                $1,049                    $1,255                    $1,051                 $3,981
___________
(1)   the amounts shown include amortization of principal, debt maturities and estimated interest payments. interest payments have been included in this category based on the weighted average interest rate.

(2)   our only purchase obligations consist of commitments for capital expenditures at our hotels. under our contracts, we have the ability to defer some of these expenditures into later years.

(3)   the amounts shown include deferred management fees and the estimated amount of tax expense. under terms of our management agreements, we have deferred payment of management fees to our hotel managers for some of our properties that have not achieved the required income thresholds for payment of owner's priority to us. the timing of the payments, if any, is based on future operations, the termination of the management agreement or the sale of the hotel, and is, therefore, not determinable. the estimated amount of tax expense relates to uncertain tax liabilities.

67
tax sharing arrangements. under tax sharing agreements with former affiliated companies (such as marriott international, inc., hms host and barceló crestline corporation), we are obligated to pay certain taxes (federal, state, local and foreign, including any related interest and penalties) relating to periods in which the companies were affiliated with us. for example, a taxing authority could adjust an item deducted by a former affiliate during the period that this former affiliate was owned by us. this adjustment could produce a tax liability that we may be obligated to pay under the tax sharing agreement. additionally, under the partnership agreement between host inc. and host l.p., host l.p. is obligated to pay certain taxes (federal, state, local and foreign, including any related interest and penalties) incurred by host inc., as well as any liabilities the irs may successfully assert against host inc. we do not expect any amounts paid under these tax sharing arrangements to be material.
tax indemnification agreements. as a result of certain federal and state income tax considerations of the former owners of two hotels currently owned by host l.p., we have agreed to restrictions on selling such hotels, or repaying or refinancing the mortgage debt, for varying periods. one of these agreements expires in 2028 and the other in 2031.
guarantees. we have entered into certain guarantees, which consist of commitments we have made to third parties for leases or debt, that are not recorded on our books due to various dispositions, spin-offs and contractual arrangements, but that we have agreed to pay in the event of certain circumstances, including default by an unrelated party. we consider the likelihood of any material payments under these guarantees to be remote. for a discussion of the largest guarantees (by dollar amount) see "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 16. guarantees and contingencies."
critical accounting policies our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with gaap, which requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. while we do not believe the reported amounts would be materially different, application of these policies involves the exercise of judgment and the use of assumptions as to future uncertainties and, as a result, actual results could differ from these estimates. we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to the impairment of long-lived assets, on an ongoing basis. we base our estimates on experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. all of our significant accounting policies are disclosed in the notes to our consolidated financial statements. for a detailed discussion of the following critical accounting policies that require us to exercise our business judgment or make significant estimates see "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 1. summary of significant accounting policies:"
·   business combinations;

·   property and equipment - impairment testing;

·   property and equipment - other-than-temporary impairment of an investment;

·   property and equipment - classification of assets as "held for sale";

·   depreciation and amortization expense;

·   derivative instruments;

·   basis of presentation and principles of consolidation;

·   foreign currency translation;

·   income taxes - deferred tax assets and liabilities. additionally, see "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 6. income taxes" for more information; and

·   share based payments. additionally, see "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data - note 8. employee stock plans" for more information.

application of new accounting standards in april 2014, the financial accounting standards board issued accounting standards update (asu) 2014-08 presentation of financial statements (topic 205) and property, plant and equipment (topic 360) - reporting discontinued operations and disclosure of disposal of components of an entity ("asu 2014-08 reporting for discontinued operations"). under this standard, a disposal of a component of an entity or a group of components of an entity is required to be reported in discontinued operations only if the disposal represents a strategic shift that has, or will have, a major effect on an entity's operations and financial results.  in addition, it requires an entity to present, for each comparative period, the assets and liabilities of a disposal group that includes a discontinued operation separately in the asset and liability sections, respectively, of the statement of financial position. as a result, the operations through the
68
date of the disposal and the gain or loss on the sale of properties will be included in continuing operations, unless the sale represents a strategic shift. we adopted this standard as of january 1, 2014. no prior year restatements are permitted for this change in policy.
in may 2014, the financial accounting standards board (fasb) issued accounting standards update (asu) no. 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606), which affects virtually all aspects of an entity's revenue recognition.  the core principle of the new standard is that revenue should be recognized to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.  the standard is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2016.  we have not yet completed our assessment of the effect of the new standard on our financial statements, including possible transition alternatives.
our customers our customers fall into three broad groups: transient business, group business and contract business. similar to the majority of the lodging industry, we further categorize business within these broad groups based on characteristics they have in common as follows:
transient business broadly represents individual business or leisure travelers. business travelers make up the majority of transient demand at our hotels. therefore, we will be significantly more affected by trends in business travel than trends in leisure demand. the four key subcategories of the transient business group are:
●   retail: this is the benchmark rate that a hotel publishes and offers to the general public. it typically is the rate charged to travelers that do not have access to negotiated or discounted rates. it includes the "rack rate," which typically is applied to rooms during high demand periods and is the highest rate category available. retail room rates will fluctuate more freely depending on anticipated demand levels (e.g. seasonality and weekday vs. weekend stays).

●   non-qualified discount: these include special rates offered by the hotels, including packages, advance-purchase discounts and promotional offers. these also include rooms booked through online travel agencies (otas).

●   special corporate: this is a negotiated rate offered to companies and organizations that provide significant levels of room night demand to the hotel or to hotel brands generally. these rates typically are negotiated annually at a discount to the anticipated retail rate. in addition, this category includes rates offered at the prevailing per diem for approved government travel.

●   qualified discount: this category encompasses all discount programs, such as aaa and aarp discounts, rooms booked through wholesale channels, frequent guest program redemptions, and promotional rates and packages offered by a hotel.

group business represents clusters of guestrooms booked together, usually with a minimum of 10 rooms. the three key sub-categories of the group business category are:
●   association: group business related to national and regional association meetings and conventions.

●   corporate: group business related to corporate meetings (e.g., product launches, training programs, contract negotiations, and presentations).

●   other: group business predominately related to social, military, education, religious, fraternal and youth and amateur sports teams, otherwise known as smerf business.

contract business refers to blocks of rooms sold to a specific company for an extended period of time at significantly discounted rates. airline crews are typical generators of contract demand for our airport hotels. additionally, contract rates may be utilized by hotels that are located in markets that are experiencing consistently lower levels of demand.
comparable hotel operating statistics to facilitate a year-to-year comparison of our operations, we present certain operating statistics (i.e., revpar, average daily rate and average occupancy) and operating results (revenues, expenses, hotel ebitda and associated margins) for the periods included in this report on a comparable hotel basis to enable our investors to better evaluate our operating performance.
69
because these statistics and operating results relate only to our hotel properties, they exclude results for our non-hotel properties and other real estate investments. we define our comparable hotels as properties:
(i)   that are owned or leased by us and the operations of which are included in our consolidated results, whether as continuing operations or discontinued operations, for the entirety of the reporting periods being compared; and

(ii)   that have not sustained substantial property damage or business interruption, or undergone large-scale capital projects (as further defined below) during the reporting periods being compared.

the hotel business is capital-intensive and renovations are a regular part of the business. generally, hotels under renovation remain comparable hotels. a large scale capital project that would cause a hotel to be excluded from our comparable hotel set is an extensive renovation of several core aspects of the hotel, such as rooms, meeting space, lobby, bars, restaurants and other public spaces. both quantitative and qualitative factors are taken into consideration in determining if the renovation would cause a hotel to be removed from the comparable hotel set, including unusual or exceptional circumstances such as: a reduction or increase in room count, rebranding, a significant alteration of the business operations, or the closing of the hotel during the renovation.
we do not include an acquired hotel in our comparable hotel set until the operating results for that hotel have been included in our consolidated results for one full calendar year. for example, we acquired the hyatt place waikiki beach in may of 2013. the hotel will not be included in our comparable hotel set until january 1, 2015. hotels that we sell are excluded from the comparable hotel set once the transaction has closed. similarly, hotels are excluded from our comparable hotel set from the date that they sustain substantial property damage or business interruption or commence a large-scale capital project. in each case, these hotels are returned to the comparable hotel set when the operations of the hotel have been included in our consolidated results for one full calendar year after completion of the repair of the property damage or cessation of the business interruption, or the completion of large-scale capital projects, as applicable.
of the 114 hotels that we owned on december 31, 2014, 106 have been classified as comparable hotels. the operating results of the following hotels that we owned or leased as of december 31, 2014 are excluded from comparable hotel results for these periods:
●   novotel rio de janeiro parque olimpico and ibis rio de janeiro parque olimpico (opened in the fourth quarter of 2014);

●   yve hotel miami (acquired as the b2 miami downtown hotel in august 2014);

●   axiom hotel (acquired as the powell hotel in january 2014);

●   the ritz-carlton, naples, removed in the third quarter of 2013 (business interruption due to the closure of the hotel during extensive renovations that were substantially completed in october 2013, including renovations of 450 rooms, including 35 suites, restaurant, façade and windows);

●   hyatt place waikiki beach (acquired in may 2013);

●   novotel christchurch cathedral square (business interruption due to the closure of the hotel following an earthquake in february 2011 and the subsequent extensive renovations, which hotel reopened in august 2013); and

●   orlando world center marriott, removed in the third quarter of 2012 (business interruption due to extensive renovations that were substantially completed in july 2013, including façade restoration, the shutdown of the main pool and a complete restoration and enhancement of the hotel, including new water slides and activity areas, new pool dining facilities and the renovation of one tower of guestrooms, meeting space and restaurants).

the operating results of ten hotels disposed of in 2014 and 2013 are not included in comparable hotel results for the periods presented herein.
as of december 31, 2013, 105 of our 115 hotels were classified as comparable. the operating results of the following hotels that we owned or leased as of december 31, 2013 are excluded from comparable hotel results for these periods:
●   the ritz-carlton, naples;

●   hyatt place waikiki beach;

●   grand hyatt washington (acquired in july 2012);

●   the westin new york grand central (business interruption due to re-branding of the hotel and extensive renovations that were substantially completed by december 2012, including the renovation of 774 guest rooms, lobby, public and meeting spaces, fitness center, restaurant and bar);

●   two hotels in christchurch, new zealand (business interruption due to the closure of the hotels following an earthquake in february 2011 and the subsequent extensive renovations, which hotels reopened august 2013 and september 2012);

70
●   orlando world center marriott;

●   atlanta marriott perimeter center, removed in the third quarter of 2011 (business interruption due to extensive renovations that were completed in april 2012, including renovation of the guest rooms, lobby, bar and restaurant and the demolition of one tower of the hotel);

●   chicago marriott o'hare, removed in the third quarter of 2011 (business interruption due to extensive renovations that were completed in april 2012, including renovating every aspect of the hotel and shutting down over 200 rooms); and

●   sheraton indianapolis hotel at keystone crossing, removed in the first quarter of 2011 (business interruption due to extensive renovations that were completed in january 2013, including the conversion of one tower of the hotel into apartments, reducing the room count, and the renovation of the remaining guest rooms, lobby, bar and meeting space).

we evaluate the operating performance of our comparable hotels based on both market and property type. these divisions are generally consistent with groupings recognized in the lodging industry.
our markets consist of the following:
domestic
●   boston -greater boston metropolitan area;

●   new york - greater new york metropolitan area, including northern new jersey;

●   philadelphia - philadelphia metropolitan area;

●   washington d.c. - metropolitan area, including the maryland and virginia suburbs;

●   atlanta - atlanta metropolitan area;

●   florida - all florida locations;

●   chicago - chicago metropolitan area;

●   denver - denver metropolitan area;

●   houston - houston metropolitan area;

●   phoenix - phoenix metropolitan area, including scottsdale;

●   seattle - seattle metropolitan area;

●   san francisco - greater san francisco metropolitan area, including san jose;

●   los angeles - greater los angeles area, including orange county;

●   san diego -san diego metropolitan area;

●   hawaii - all hawaii locations; and

●   other - select cities in california, indiana, louisiana, minnesota, missouri, ohio, tennessee, and texas;

international
●   asia-pacific -australia and new zealand;

●   canada - toronto and calgary; and

●   latin america -brazil, chile and mexico.

our property types consist of the following:
●   urban-hotels located in primary business districts of major cities;

●   suburban-hotels located in office parks or smaller secondary markets;

●   resort/conference-hotels located in resort/conference destinations such as arizona, florida, hawaii and southern california; and

●   airport-hotels located at or near airports.

71
constant us$, nominal us$, and constant euros operating results denominated in foreign currencies are translated using the prevailing exchange rates on the date of the transaction, or monthly based on the weighted average exchange rate for the period. for comparative purposes, we also present the revpar results for 2013 assuming the results of our foreign operations were translated using the same exchange rates that were effective for the comparable periods in 2014, thereby eliminating the effect of currency fluctuation for the year-over-year comparisons. we believe this presentation is useful to investors as it provides clarity with respect to the growth in revpar in the local currency of the hotel consistent with the manner in which we would evaluate our domestic portfolio. however, the effect of changes in foreign currency has been reflected in the actual results of net income, ebitda, earnings per diluted share and adjusted ffo per diluted share. nominal us$ results include the effect of currency fluctuations consistent with our financial statement presentation.
we also present revpar results for our joint venture in europe in constant euros using the same methodology as used for the constant us$ presentation.
non-gaap financial measures we use certain "non-gaap financial measures," which are measures of our historical financial performance that are not calculated and presented in accordance with gaap, within the meaning of applicable sec rules. these measures are as follows: (i) ebitda and adjusted ebitda, as a measure of performance for host inc. and host l.p., (ii) funds from operations ("ffo") and ffo per diluted share (both nareit and adjusted), as a measure of performance for host inc., and (iii) comparable hotel property level operating results, as a measure of performance for host inc. and host l.p.
we calculate nareit ffo per diluted share in accordance with standards established by nareit, which may not be comparable to measures calculated by other companies that do not use the nareit definition of ffo or do not calculate ffo per diluted share in accordance with nareit guidance. in addition, although ffo per diluted share is a useful measure when comparing our results to other reits, it may not be helpful to investors when comparing us to non-reits. we also calculate adjusted ffo per diluted share, which measure is not in accordance with nareit guidance and may not be comparable to measures calculated by other reits. ebitda and adjusted ebitda, as presented, also may not be comparable to measures calculated by other companies. this information should not be considered as an alternative to net income, operating profit, cash from operations or any other operating performance measure calculated in accordance with gaap. cash expenditures for various long-term assets (such as renewal and replacement capital expenditures), interest expense (for ebitda and adjusted ebitda purposes only) and other items have been and will be made and are not reflected in the ebitda, adjusted ebitda, nareit ffo per diluted share and adjusted ffo per diluted share presentations. management compensates for these limitations by separately considering the impact of these excluded items to the extent they are material to operating decisions or assessments of our operating performance. our consolidated statement of operations and cash flows include interest expense, capital expenditures, and other excluded items, all of which should be considered when evaluating our performance, as well as the usefulness of our non-gaap financial measures. additionally, nareit ffo per diluted share, adjusted ffo per diluted share, ebitda and adjusted ebitda should not be considered as a measure of our liquidity or indicative of funds available to fund our cash needs, including our ability to make cash distributions. in addition, nareit ffo per diluted share and adjusted ffo per diluted share do not measure, and should not be used as a measure of, amounts that accrue directly to stockholders' benefit. the following discussion defines these terms and presents why we believe they are useful measures of our performance.
ebitda and adjusted ebitda ebitda earnings before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization ("ebitda") is a commonly used measure of performance in many industries. management believes ebitda provides useful information to investors regarding our results of operations because it helps us and our investors evaluate the ongoing operating performance of our properties after removing the impact of our capital structure (primarily interest expense) and our asset base (primarily depreciation and amortization). management also believes the use of ebitda facilitates comparisons between us and other lodging reits, hotel owners that are not reits and other capital-intensive companies. management uses ebitda to evaluate property-level results and as one measure in determining the value of acquisitions and dispositions and, like ffo and adjusted ffo per diluted share, it is widely used by management in the annual budget process and for compensation programs.
72
adjusted ebitda historically, management has adjusted ebitda when evaluating our performance because we believe that the exclusion of certain additional items described below provides useful supplemental information to investors regarding our ongoing operating performance and that the presentation of adjusted ebitda, when combined with the primary gaap presentation of net income, is beneficial to an investor's complete understanding of our operating performance. adjusted ebitda also is a relevant measure in calculating certain credit ratios. we adjust ebitda for the following items, which may occur in any period, and refer to this measure as adjusted ebitda:
●   real estate transactions - we exclude the effect of gains and losses, including the amortization of deferred gains, recorded on the disposition or acquisition of depreciable assets and property insurance gains in our consolidated statement of operations because we believe that including them in adjusted ebitda is not consistent with reflecting the ongoing performance of our assets. in addition, material gains or losses from the depreciated book value of the disposed assets could be less important to investors given that the depreciated asset book value often does not reflect its market value (as noted below for ffo).

●   equity investment adjustments - we exclude the equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated investments in partnerships and joint ventures as presented in our consolidated statement of operations because it includes our pro rata portion of depreciation, amortization and interest expense, which are excluded from ebitda. we include our pro rata share of the adjusted ebitda of our equity investments as we believe this more accurately reflects the performance of our investments. the pro rata adjusted ebitda of equity investments is defined as the ebitda of our equity investments adjusted for any gains or losses on property transactions multiplied by our percentage ownership in the partnership or joint venture.

●   consolidated partnership adjustments - we deduct the non-controlling partners' pro rata share of the adjusted ebitda of our consolidated partnerships as this reflects the non-controlling owners' interest in the ebitda of our consolidated partnerships. the pro rata adjusted ebitda of non-controlling partners is defined as the ebitda of our consolidated partnerships adjusted for any gains or losses on property transactions multiplied by the non-controlling partners' positions in the partnership or joint venture.

●   cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle - infrequently, the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") promulgates new accounting standards that require the consolidated statement of operations to reflect the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle. we exclude these one-time adjustments because they do not reflect our actual performance for that period.

●   impairment losses - we exclude the effect of impairment expense recorded because we believe that including them in adjusted ebitda is not consistent with reflecting the ongoing performance of our remaining assets. in addition, we believe that impairment expense, which is based on historical cost book values, is similar to gains (losses) on dispositions and depreciation expense, both of which also are excluded from ebitda.

●   acquisition costs - under gaap, costs associated with completed property acquisitions are expensed in the year incurred. we exclude the effect of these costs because we believe they are not reflective of the ongoing performance of the company.

●   litigation gains and losses - effective april 1, 2013, we have excluded the effect of gains or losses associated with litigation recorded under gaap that we consider outside the ordinary course of business, which is consistent with the definition of adjusted ffo that we adopted effective january 1, 2011. we believe that including these items is not consistent with our ongoing operating performance.

in unusual circumstances, we also may adjust ebitda for gains or losses that management believes are not representative of our current operating performance. for example, in the first quarter of 2013, management excluded the $11 million gain from the eminent domain claim for land adjacent to the atlanta marriott perimeter center for which we received the cash proceeds in 2007, but, pending the resolution of certain contingencies, was not recognized until 2013. typically, gains from the disposition of non-depreciable property are included in the determination of adjusted ebitda.
73
the following table provides a reconciliation of net income to adjusted ebitda (in millions):
reconciliation of net income to ebitda and adjusted ebitda for host inc. and host l.p.
year ended december 31,

2014                    2013
net income (2)                                                                 $747                      $325
interest expense                                                                214                       304
depreciation and amortization                                                   695                       696
income taxes                                                                     14                        21
discontinued operations (1)                                                       -                        15
ebitda (2)                                                                    1,670                     1,361
gain on dispositions (3)                                                       (233   )                   (98   )
gain on property insurance settlement                                            (1   )                     -
acquisition costs                                                                 2                         1
recognition of deferred gain on land condemnation (4)                             -                       (11   )
litigation (gain) loss (5)                                                      (61   )                     8
non-cash impairment loss                                                          6                         1
equity investment adjustments:
equity in (earnings) losses of affiliates (6)                                   (26   )                    17
pro rata adjusted ebitda of equity investments                                   68                        48
consolidated partnership adjustments:
pro rata adjusted ebitda attributable to non-controlling partners               (23   )                   (21   )
in other consolidated partnerships adjusted ebitda (2)                                                          $1,402                    $1,306
___________
(1)   reflects the interest expense, depreciation and amortization and income taxes included in discontinued operations.

(2)   net income, ebitda, adjusted ebitda, nareit ffo and adjusted ffo include a gain of $3 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 for the sale of the portion of land attributable to individual units sold by the maui timeshare joint venture. these metrics also include a gain of $21 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 for the sale of excess land adjacent to our newport beach marriott hotel &amp; spa.

(3)   reflects the sale of an 89% controlling interest in one hotel in 2014, the sale of four hotels in 2014 and the sale of five hotels in 2013.

(4)   during the first quarter of 2013, we recognized a previously deferred gain of approximately $11 million related to the eminent domain claim by the state of georgia for 2.9 acres of land at the atlanta marriott perimeter center for highway expansion for which we received cash proceeds in 2007. we have included the gain in nareit ffo per diluted share, which is consistent with the treatment of gains recognized on the disposition of non-depreciated assets. however, due to the significant passage of time since we received the proceeds, we have excluded the gain from adjusted ffo per diluted share and adjusted ebitda for 2013.

(5)   we exclude the net effect of litigation recoveries/gains or losses that we consider outside of the ordinary course of business from our determination of adjusted ebitda and adjusted ffo. for 2014 and 2013, the amounts primarily reflect activity for the litigation concerning the ground lease for the san antonio marriott rivercenter started in 2005. over time, we had accrued litigation losses totaling $69 million (including $8 million accrued in 2013) for this litigation. on october 3, 2014, the final motion for rehearing by keystone-texas property holding corporation to the texas supreme court was denied. as a result, in the third quarter of 2014, we reversed the $69 million loss contingency, which is included as a reduction to corporate expense in net income. consistent with our definition of adjusted ebitda and adjusted ffo, we have excluded $59 million of the gain, as the related accrual for this amount was similarly excluded in prior years. we are including $10 million of the gain in adjusted ebitda and adjusted ffo, which represents periodic interest accrued on the judgments since 2010, as this amount was included as a reduction in adjusted ebitda and adjusted ffo in prior years. see part i, item 3, legal proceedings for more information on the resolution of this case.

(6)   an adjustment of $15 million is included for the year ended december 31, 2013 for our portion of the non-cash impairment charges related to one of the hotels in our joint venture in europe. the impairment charge has no effect on adjusted ebitda, nareit ffo or adjusted ffo.

nareit ffo, nareit ffo per diluted share and adjusted ffo per diluted share. we present nareit ffo and nareit ffo per diluted share as non-gaap measures of our performance in addition to our earnings per share (calculated in accordance with gaap). we calculate nareit ffo per diluted share as our nareit ffo (defined as set forth below) for a given operating period, as adjusted for the effect of dilutive securities, divided by the number of fully diluted shares outstanding during such period in accordance with nareit guidelines. nareit defines ffo as net income (calculated in accordance with gaap), excluding gains (losses) from sales of real estate, the cumulative effect of changes in accounting principles, real estate-related depreciation, amortization and impairments and adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures are calculated to reflect our pro rata share of the ffo of those entities on the same basis.
we believe that nareit ffo per diluted share is a useful supplemental measure of our operating performance and that the presentation of nareit ffo per diluted share, when combined with the primary gaap presentation of earnings per share, provides beneficial information to investors. by excluding the effect of real estate depreciation, amortization, impairments and gains and losses from sales of real estate, all of which are based on historical cost accounting and which may be of lesser significance in evaluating current performance, we believe such measures can facilitate comparisons of operating performance between periods and with other
74
reits, even though nareit ffo per diluted share does not represent an amount that accrues directly to holders of our common stock. historical cost accounting for real estate assets implicitly assumes that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. as noted by nareit in its april 2002 "white paper on funds from operations," since real estate values historically have risen or fallen with market conditions, many industry investors have considered presentation of operating results for real estate companies that use historical cost accounting to be insufficient by themselves. for these reasons, nareit adopted the ffo metric in order to promote an industry-wide measure of reit operating performance.
we also present adjusted ffo per diluted share when evaluating our performance because management believes that the exclusion of certain additional items described below provides useful supplemental information to investors regarding our ongoing operating performance. management historically has made the adjustments detailed below in evaluating our performance, in our annual budget process and for our compensation programs. we believe that the presentation of adjusted ffo per diluted share, when combined with both the primary gaap presentation of earnings per share and ffo per diluted share as defined by nareit, provides useful supplemental information that is beneficial to an investor's complete understanding of our operating performance. we adjust nareit ffo per diluted share for the following items, which may occur in any period, and refer to this measure as adjusted ffo per diluted share:
●   gains and losses on the extinguishment of debt - we exclude the effect of finance charges and premiums associated with the extinguishment of debt, including the acceleration of the write off of deferred financing costs from the original issuance of the debt being redeemed or retired and incremental interest expense incurred during the refinancing period. we also exclude the gains on debt repurchases and the original issuance costs associated with the retirement of preferred stock. we believe that these items are not reflective of our ongoing finance costs.

●   acquisition costs -under gaap, costs associated with completed property acquisitions are expensed in the year incurred. we exclude the effect of these costs because we believe they are not reflective of the ongoing performance of the company.

●   litigation gains and losses - we exclude the effect of gains or losses associated with litigation recorded under gaap that we consider outside the ordinary course of business. we believe that including these items is not consistent with our ongoing operating performance.

in unusual circumstances, we also may adjust nareit ffo for gains or losses that management believes are not representative of our current operating performance. for example, in the first quarter of 2013, management excluded the $11 million gain from the eminent domain claim for land adjacent to the atlanta marriott perimeter center for which we received the cash proceeds in 2007, but, pending the resolution of certain contingencies, was not recognized until 2013. typically, gains from the disposition of non-depreciable property are included in the determination of nareit and adjusted ffo.
75
the following table provides a reconciliation of net income to nareit ffo and adjusted ffo (separately and on a per diluted share basis) for host inc. (in millions, except per share amounts):
host inc. reconciliation of net income to nareit and adjusted funds from operations per diluted share year ended december 31,

2014                    2013
net income (2)                                                                         $747                    $325
less: net income attributable to non-controlling interests                              (15   )                  (8   )
net income attributable to host inc.                                                    732                     317
adjustments:
gain on dispositions, net of taxes (3)                                                 (232   )                 (97   )
gain on property insurance settlement                                                    (1   )                   -
depreciation and amortization                                                           692                     703
non-cash impairment loss                                                                  6                       1
equity investment adjustments:
equity in (earnings) losses of affiliates (6)                                           (26   )                  17
pro rata ffo of equity investments                                                       51                      26
consolidated partnership adjustments:
ffo adjustment for non-controlling partnerships                                          (9   )                  (8   )
ffo adjustments for non-controlling interests of host l.p.                               (6   )                  (8   )
nareit ffo (2)                                                                        1,207                     951
adjustments to nareit ffo:
loss on debt extinguishment                                                               4                      40
acquisition costs                                                                         3                       1
recognition of deferred gain on land condemnation (4)                                     -                     (11   )
litigation (gain) loss (5)                                                              (61   )                   8
adjusted ffo (2)                                                                     $1,153                    $989
for calculation on a per share basis:
adjustments for dilutive securities (1):
assuming conversion of exchangeable senior debentures                                   $27                     $26
diluted nareit ffo                                                                   $1,234                    $977
diluted adjusted ffo                                                                 $1,180                  $1,015
diluted weighted average shares outstanding-eps                                       786.8                   747.9
assuming conversion of exchangeable senior debentures                                     -                    29.5
diluted weighted average shares outstanding - nareit ffo and adjusted ffo             786.8                   777.4
nareit ffo per diluted share                                                          $1.57                   $1.26
adjusted ffo per diluted share                                                        $1.50                   $1.31
___________
(1)   earnings per diluted share and nareit ffo and adjusted ffo per diluted share are adjusted for the effects of dilutive securities. dilutive securities may include shares granted under comprehensive stock plans, preferred op units held by non-controlling partners, exchangeable debt securities and other non-controlling interests that have the option to convert their limited partnership interests to common op units. no effect is shown for securities if they are anti-dilutive.

(2-6)   refer to the corresponding footnote on the reconciliation of net income to ebitda and adjusted ebitda for host inc. and host l.p.

76
comparable hotel property level operating results. we present certain operating results for our hotels, such as hotel revenues, expenses, ebitda and ebitda margin, on a comparable hotel, or "same store," basis as supplemental information for investors. our comparable hotel results present operating results for hotels owned during the entirety of the periods being compared without giving effect to any acquisitions or dispositions, significant property damage or large scale capital improvements during these periods. we present comparable hotel ebitda to help us and our investors evaluate the ongoing operating performance of our comparable properties after removing the impact of our capital structure (primarily interest expense), and its asset base (primarily depreciation and amortization).  other corporate-level costs and expenses are also removed to arrive at property-level results.  we believe these property-level results provide investors with supplemental information into the ongoing operating performance of our comparable hotels. we eliminate depreciation and amortization because, even though depreciation and amortization are property-level expenses, these non-cash expenses, which are based on historical cost accounting for real estate assets, implicitly assume that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. as noted earlier, because real estate values historically have risen or fallen with market conditions, many industry investors have considered presentation of operating results for real estate companies that use historical cost accounting to be insufficient by themselves.
as a result of the elimination of corporate-level costs and expenses and depreciation and amortization, the comparable hotel operating results we present do not represent our total revenues, expenses or operating profit and these comparable hotel operating results should not be used to evaluate our performance as a whole. management compensates for these limitations by separately considering the impact of these excluded items to the extent they are material to operating decisions or assessments of our operating performance. our consolidated statements of operations include such amounts, all of which should be considered by investors when evaluating our performance.
we present these hotel operating results on a comparable hotel basis because we believe that doing so provides investors and management with useful information for evaluating the period-to-period performance of our hotels and facilitates comparisons with other hotel reits and hotel owners. in particular, these measures assist management and investors in distinguishing whether increases or decreases in revenues and/or expenses are due to growth or decline of operations at comparable hotels (which represent the vast majority of our portfolio) or from other factors, such as the effect of acquisitions or dispositions. while management believes that presentation of comparable hotel results is a "same store" supplemental measure that provides useful information in evaluating our ongoing performance, this measure is not used to allocate resources or to assess the operating performance of these hotels, as these decisions are based on data for individual hotels and are not based on comparable portfolio hotel results. for these reasons, we believe that comparable hotel operating results, when combined with the presentation of gaap operating profit, revenues and expenses, provide useful information to investors and management.
77
the following table presents certain operating results and statistics for our comparable hotels for the periods presented herein:
comparable hotel results for host inc. and host l.p.
(in millions, except hotel statistics)
year ended december 31,

2014                     2013
number of hotels                                                           106                        106
number of rooms                                                         55,252                     55,252
percent change in comparable hotel revpar - constant us$                   5.7   %                      -
percent change in comparable hotel revpar - nominal us$                    5.3   %                      -
operating profit margin (1)                                               13.3   %                    9.9   %
comparable hotel ebitda margin (1)                                        26.5   %                   25.3   %
comparable hotel revenues room                                                                    $3,270                     $3,104
food and beverage (2)                                                    1,418                      1,367
other                                                                      285                        269
comparable hotel revenues (3)                                            4,973                      4,740
comparable hotel expenses room                                                                      $874                       $834
food and beverage (4)                                                    1,025                        999
other                                                                      139                        138
management fees, ground rent and other costs                             1,617                      1,569
comparable hotel expenses (5)                                            3,655                      3,540
comparable hotel ebitda                                                  1,318                      1,200
non-comparable hotel results, net (6)                                      136                        130
depreciation and amortization                                             (701   )                   (697   )
interest expense                                                          (214   )                   (304   )
provision for income taxes                                                 (14   )                    (21   )
gain on sale of property and corporate level income/expense                222                         17
net income                                                                $747                       $325
___________
(1)   operating profit margins are calculated by dividing the applicable operating profit by the related revenue amount. gaap operating profit margins are calculated using amounts presented in the consolidated statements of operations. comparable hotel ebitda margins are calculated using amounts presented in the above table.

(2)   the reconciliation of total food and beverage sales per the consolidated statements of operations to the comparable food and beverage sales is as follows:

year ended december 31,

2014                   2013
food and beverage sales per the consolidated statements of operations                $1,546                   $1,503
non-comparable hotel food and beverage sales                                           (164     )               (169   )
food and beverage sales for the property for which we record rental income               36                       33
comparable food and beverage sales                                                   $1,418                   $1,367
(3)   the reconciliation of total revenues per the consolidated statements of operations to the comparable hotel revenues is as follows:

year ended december 31,

2014                   2013
revenues per the consolidated statements of operations                           $5,354                   $5,166
non-comparable hotel revenues                                                      (437     )               (478   )
hotel revenues for the property for which we record rental income, net               56                       52
comparable hotel revenues                                                        $4,973                   $4,740
78
(4)   the reconciliation of total food and beverage expenses per the consolidated statements of operations to the comparable food and beverage expenses is as follows:

year ended december 31,

2014                   2013
food and beverage expenses per the consolidated statements of operations                $1,109                   $1,095
non-comparable hotel food and beverage expenses                                           (106     )               (117   )
food and beverage expenses for the property for which we record rental income               22                       21
comparable food and beverage expenses                                                   $1,025                     $999
(5)   the reconciliation of operating costs and expenses per the consolidated statements of operations to the comparable hotel expenses is as follows:

year ended december 31,

2014                   2013
operating costs and expenses per the consolidated statements of operations           $4,644                   $4,654
non-comparable hotel expenses                                                          (301     )               (348   )
hotel expenses for the property for which we record rental income                        56                       52
depreciation and amortization                                                          (701     )               (697   )
corporate and other expenses                                                            (43     )               (121   )
comparable hotel expenses                                                            $3,655                   $3,540
(6)   non-comparable hotel results, net, includes the following items: (i) the results of operations of our non-comparable hotels and sold hotels, which operations are included in our consolidated statements of operations as continuing operations, (ii) gains on property insurance settlements, and (iii) the results of our office buildings.

79
