item 1a. risk factors if we do not design and price our products properly and competitively, if the premiums we charge are insufficient to cover the cost of health care services delivered to our members, if we are unable to implement clinical initiatives to provide a better health care experience for our members, lower costs and appropriately document the risk profile of our members, or if our estimates of benefits expense are inadequate, our profitability may be materially adversely affected. we estimate the costs of our benefits expense payments, and design and price our products accordingly, using actuarial methods and assumptions based upon, among other relevant factors, claim payment patterns, medical cost inflation, and historical developments such as claim inventory levels and claim receipt patterns. these estimates, however involve extensive judgment, and have considerable inherent variability because they are extremely sensitive to changes in claim payment patterns and medical cost trends.
we use a substantial portion of our revenues to pay the costs of health care services delivered to our members. these costs include claims payments, capitation payments to providers (predetermined amounts paid to cover services), and various other costs incurred to provide health insurance coverage to our members. these costs also include estimates of future payments to hospitals and others for medical care provided to our members. generally, premiums in the health care business are fixed for one-year periods. accordingly, costs we incur in excess of our benefit cost projections generally are not recovered in the contract year through higher premiums. we estimate the costs of our future benefit claims and other expenses using actuarial methods and assumptions based upon claim payment patterns, medical inflation, historical developments, including claim inventory levels and claim receipt patterns, and other relevant factors. we also record benefits payable for future payments. we continually review estimates of future payments relating to benefit claims costs for services incurred in the current and prior periods and make necessary adjustments to our reserves. however, these estimates involve extensive judgment, and have considerable inherent variability that is sensitive to claim payment patterns and medical cost trends. many factors may and often do cause actual health care costs to exceed what was estimated and used to set our premiums. these factors may include:
•   increased use of medical facilities and services;
•   increased cost of such services;
•   increased use or cost of prescription drugs, including specialty prescription drugs;
•   the introduction of new or costly treatments, including new technologies;
•   our membership mix;
•   variances in actual versus estimated levels of cost associated with new products, benefits or lines of business, product changes or benefit level changes;
•   changes in the demographic characteristics of an account or market;
•   changes or reductions of our utilization management functions such as preauthorization of services, concurrent review or requirements for physician referrals;
•   changes in our pharmacy volume rebates received from drug manufacturers;
•   catastrophes, including acts of terrorism, public health epidemics, or severe weather (e.g. hurricanes and earthquakes);
•   medical cost inflation; and
•   government mandated benefits or other regulatory changes, including any that result from the health care reform law.
key to our operational strategy is the implementation of clinical initiatives that we believe provide a better health care experience for our members, lower the cost of healthcare services delivered to our members, and appropriately document the risk profile of our members. our profitability and competitiveness depend in large part on our ability to appropriately manage health care costs through, among other things, the application of medical management programs such as our chronic care management program.
in addition, we also estimate costs associated with long-duration insurance policies including long-term care, life insurance, annuities, and certain health and other supplemental insurance policies sold to individuals for which some
17
of the premium received in the earlier years is intended to pay anticipated benefits to be incurred in future years. at policy issuance, these future policy benefit reserves are recognized on a net level premium method based on interest rates, mortality, morbidity, and maintenance expense assumptions. because these policies have long-term claim payout periods, there is a greater risk of significant variability in claims costs, either positive or negative. our actual claims experience will emerge many years after assumptions have been established. the risk of a deviation of the actual interest, morbidity, mortality, and maintenance expense assumptions from those assumed in our reserves are particularly significant to our closed block of long-term care insurance policies. we monitor the loss experience of these long-term care insurance policies, and, when necessary, apply for premium rate increases through a regulatory filing and approval process in the jurisdictions in which such products were sold. however, to the extent premium rate increases or loss experience vary from the assumptions we have locked in, additional future adjustments to reserves could be required.
while we proactively attempt to effectively manage our operating expenses, increases or decreases in staff-related expenses, additional investment in new products (including our opportunities in the medicare programs, state-based contracts, participation in health insurance exchanges, and expansion of clinical capabilities as part of our integrated care delivery model), investments in health and well-being product offerings, acquisitions, new taxes and assessments (including the non-deductible health insurance industry fee and other assessments under the health care reform law), and implementation of regulatory requirements may increase our operating expenses.
failure to adequately price our products or estimate sufficient benefits payable or future policy benefits payable, or effectively manage our operating expenses, may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
we are in a highly competitive industry. some of our competitors are more established in the health care industry in terms of a larger market share and have greater financial resources than we do in some markets. in addition, other companies may enter our markets in the future, including emerging competitors in the medicare program or competitors in the delivery of health care services. we may also face increased competition due to participation by other insurers in the health insurance exchanges implemented under the health care reform law. we believe that barriers to entry in our markets are not substantial, so the addition of new competitors can occur relatively easily, and customers enjoy significant flexibility in moving between competitors. contracts for the sale of commercial products are generally bid upon or renewed annually. while health plans compete on the basis of many factors, including service and the quality and depth of provider networks, we expect that price will continue to be a significant basis of competition. in addition to the challenge of controlling health care costs, we face intense competitive pressure to contain premium prices. factors such as business consolidations, strategic alliances, legislative reform, and marketing practices create pressure to contain premium price increases, despite being faced with increasing medical costs.
the policies and decisions of the federal and state governments regarding the medicare, military, medicaid and health insurance exchange programs in which we participate have a substantial impact on our profitability. these governmental policies and decisions, which we cannot predict with certainty, directly shape the premiums or other revenues to us under the programs, the eligibility and enrollment of our members, the services we provide to our members, and our administrative, health care services, and other costs associated with these programs. legislative or regulatory actions, such as those resulting in a reduction in premium payments to us, an increase in our cost of administrative and health care services, or additional fees, taxes or assessments, may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
premium increases, introduction of new product designs, and our relationships with our providers in various markets, among other issues, could also affect our membership levels. other actions that could affect membership levels include our possible exit from or entrance into medicare or commercial markets, or the termination of a large contract.
if we do not compete effectively in our markets, if we set rates too high or too low in highly competitive markets to keep or increase our market share, if membership does not increase as we expect, if membership declines, or if we lose membership with favorable medical cost experience while retaining or increasing membership with unfavorable
18
medical cost experience, our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows may be materially adversely affected.
if we fail to effectively implement our operational and strategic initiatives, including our medicare initiatives, our state-based contracts strategy, and our participation in the new health insurance exchanges, our business may be materially adversely affected, which is of particular importance given the concentration of our revenues in these products.
our future performance depends in large part upon our ability to execute our strategy, including opportunities created by the expansion of our medicare programs, the successful implementation of our integrated care delivery model, our strategy with respect to state-based contracts, including those covering members dually eligible for the medicare and medicaid programs, and our participation in health insurance exchanges.
we have made substantial investments in the medicare program to enhance our ability to participate in these programs. over the last few years we have increased the size of our medicare geographic reach through expanded medicare product offerings. we offer both stand-alone medicare prescription drug coverage and medicare advantage health plans with prescription drug coverage in addition to our other product offerings. we offer a medicare prescription drug plan in 50 states as well as puerto rico and the district of columbia. the growth of our medicare products is an important part of our business strategy. any failure to achieve this growth may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. in addition, the expansion of our medicare products in relation to our other businesses may intensify the risks to us inherent in medicare products. there is significant concentration of our revenues in medicare products, with approximately 72% of our total premiums and services revenue for the year ended december 31, 2014 generated from our medicare products, in particular our contracts with cms in florida. these expansion efforts may result in less diversification of our revenue stream and increased risks associated with operating in a highly regulated industry, as discussed further below.
the recently implemented health care reform law created a federal medicare-medicaid coordination office to serve dual eligibles. this medicare-medicaid coordination office has initiated a series of state demonstration projects to experiment with better coordination of care between medicare and medicaid. depending upon the results of those demonstration projects, cms may change the way in which dual eligibles are serviced. if we are unable to implement our strategic initiatives to address the dual eligibles opportunity, including our participation in state-based contracts, or if our initiatives are not successful at attracting or retaining dual eligible members, our business may be materially adversely affected.
additionally, our strategy includes the growth of our commercial products, including participation in the new health insurance exchanges, introduction of new products and benefit designs, including humanavitality and other wellness products, growth of our specialty products such as dental, vision and other supplemental products, the adoption of new technologies, development of adjacent businesses, and the integration of acquired businesses and contracts.
there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully implement our operational and strategic initiatives, including implementing our integrated care delivery model, that are intended to position us for future growth or that the products we design will be accepted or adopted in the time periods assumed. failure to implement this strategy may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
if we fail to properly maintain the integrity of our data, to strategically implement new information systems, or to protect our proprietary rights to our systems, our business may be materially adversely affected.
our business depends significantly on effective information systems and the integrity and timeliness of the data we use to run our business. our business strategy involves providing members and providers with easy to use products that leverage our information to meet their needs. our ability to adequately price our products and services, provide effective and efficient service to our customers, and to timely and accurately report our financial results depends significantly on the integrity of the data in our information systems. as a result of our past and on-going acquisition activities, we have acquired additional information systems. we have reduced the number of systems we operate, have
19
upgraded and expanded our information systems capabilities, and are gradually migrating existing business to fewer systems. our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect, and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving industry and regulatory standards, and changing customer preferences. if the information we rely upon to run our businesses was found to be inaccurate or unreliable or if we fail to maintain effectively our information systems and data integrity, we could have operational disruptions, have problems in determining medical cost estimates and establishing appropriate pricing, have customer and physician and other health care provider disputes, have regulatory or other legal problems, have increases in operating expenses, lose existing customers, have difficulty in attracting new customers, or suffer other adverse consequences.
we depend on independent third parties for significant portions of our systems-related support, equipment, facilities, and certain data, including data center operations, data network, voice communication services and pharmacy data processing. this dependence makes our operations vulnerable to such third parties' failure to perform adequately under the contract, due to internal or external factors. a change in service providers could result in a decline in service quality and effectiveness or less favorable contract terms which may adversely affect our operating results.
we rely on our agreements with customers, confidentiality agreements with employees, and our trade secrets and copyrights to protect our proprietary rights. these legal protections and precautions may not prevent misappropriation of our proprietary information. in addition, substantial litigation regarding intellectual property rights exists in the software industry, including litigation involving end users of software products. we expect software products to be increasingly subject to third-party infringement claims as the number of products and competitors in this area grows.
there can be no assurance that our information technology, or it, process will successfully improve existing systems, develop new systems to support our expanding operations, integrate new systems, protect our proprietary information, defend against cybersecurity attacks, or improve service levels. in addition, there can be no assurance that additional systems issues will not arise in the future. failure to adequately protect and maintain the integrity of our information systems and data, or to defend against cybersecurity attacks, may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
if we are unable to defend our information technology security systems against cybersecurity attacks or prevent other privacy or data security incidents that result in security breaches that disrupt our operations or in the unintended dissemination of sensitive personal information or proprietary or confidential information, we could be exposed to significant regulatory fines or penalties, liability or reputational damage, or experience a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
in the ordinary course of our business, we process, store and transmit large amounts of data, including sensitive personal information as well as proprietary or confidential information relating to our business or a third-party. a cybersecurity attack may penetrate our layered security controls and misappropriate or compromise sensitive personal information or proprietary or confidential information or that of third-parties, create system disruptions, cause shutdowns, or deploy viruses, worms, and other malicious software programs that attack our systems. a cybersecurity attack that bypasses our it security systems successfully could materially affect us due to the theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation or release of confidential data or intellectual property, operational or business delays resulting from the disruption of our it systems, or negative publicity resulting in reputation or brand damage with our members, customers, providers, and other stakeholders.
the costs to eliminate or address cybersecurity threats and vulnerabilities before or after an incident could be substantial. our remediation efforts may not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays, or cessation of service, and loss of existing or potential members. in addition, breaches of our security measures and the unauthorized dissemination of sensitive personal information or proprietary or confidential information about us or our members or other third-parties, could expose our members' private information and result in the risk of financial or medical identity theft, or expose us or other third-parties to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, result in significant regulatory fines or penalties, litigation and potential liability for us, damage our brand and reputation, or otherwise harm our business.
20
our business may be materially adversely impacted by the adoption of a new coding set for diagnoses.
federal regulations related to the health insurance portability and accountability act of 1996, as amended (hipaa), contain minimum standards for electronic transactions and code sets, and for the privacy and security of protected health information. icd-9, the current system of assigning codes to diagnoses and procedures associated with hospital utilization in the united states, was scheduled to be replaced by icd-10 code sets on october 1, 2014. however, on april 1, 2014, the protecting access to medicare act of 2014 was signed into law, delaying implementation of icd-10 until at least october 1, 2015. for dates of service on or after the date of final implementation, health plans and providers will be required to use icd-10 codes for such diagnoses and procedures. while we have prepared for the transition to icd-10, if unforeseen circumstances arise, it is possible that we could be exposed to investigations and allegations of noncompliance, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. in addition, if some providers continue to use icd-9 codes on claims after the final implementation date, including providers in our network who are employees, we will have to reject such claims, which may lead to claim resubmissions, increased call volume and provider and customer dissatisfaction. further, providers may use icd-10 codes differently than they used icd-9 codes in the past, which could result in lost revenues under risk adjustment. during the transition to icd-10, certain claims processing and payment information we have historically used to establish our reserves may not be reliable or available in a timely manner. if we do not adequately implement the new icd-10 coding set, or if providers in our network do not adequately transition to the new icd-10 coding set, our results of operations, financial position and cash flows may be materially adversely affected.
we are involved in various legal actions and governmental and internal investigations, any of which, if resolved unfavorably to us, could result in substantial monetary damages or changes in our business practices. increased litigation and negative publicity could increase our cost of doing business.
we are or may become a party to a variety of legal actions that affect our business, including breach of contract actions, employment and employment discrimination-related suits, employee benefit claims, securities laws claims, and tort claims.
in addition, because of the nature of the health care business, we are subject to a variety of legal actions relating to our business operations, including the design, management, and offering of products and services. these include and could include in the future:
•   claims relating to the methodologies for calculating premiums;
•   claims relating to the denial of health care benefit payments;
•   claims relating to the denial or rescission of insurance coverage;
•   challenges to the use of some software products used in administering claims;
•   claims relating to our administration of our medicare part d offerings;
•   medical malpractice actions based on our medical necessity decisions or brought against us on the theory that we are liable for providers' alleged malpractice;
•   claims arising from any adverse medical consequences resulting from our recommendations about the appropriateness of providers' proposed medical treatment plans for patients;
•   allegations of anti-competitive and unfair business activities;
•   provider disputes over compensation or non-acceptance or termination of provider contracts or provider contract disputes relating to rate adjustments resulting from the balance budget and emergency deficit control act of 1985, as amended (commonly referred to as "sequestration");
•   disputes related to aso business, including actions alleging claim administration errors;
•   qui tam litigation brought by individuals who seek to sue on behalf of the government, alleging that we, as a government contractor, submitted false claims to the government including, among other allegations, resulting from coding and review practices under the medicare risk-adjustment model;
•   claims related to the failure to disclose some business practices;
•   claims relating to customer audits and contract performance;
21
•   claims relating to dispensing of drugs associated with our in-house mail-order pharmacy; and
•   professional liability claims arising out of the delivery of healthcare and related services to the public.
in some cases, substantial non-economic or punitive damages as well as treble damages under the federal false claims act, racketeer influenced and corrupt organizations act and other statutes may be sought.
while we currently have insurance coverage for some of these potential liabilities, other potential liabilities may not be covered by insurance, insurers may dispute coverage, or the amount of our insurance may not be enough to cover the damages awarded. in addition, some types of damages, like punitive damages, may not be covered by insurance. in some jurisdictions, coverage of punitive damages is prohibited. insurance coverage for all or some forms of liability may become unavailable or prohibitively expensive in the future.
the health benefits industry continues to receive significant negative publicity reflecting the public perception of the industry. this publicity and perception have been accompanied by increased litigation, including some large jury awards, legislative activity, regulation, and governmental review of industry practices. these factors may materially adversely affect our ability to market our products or services, may require us to change our products or services or otherwise change our business practices, may increase the regulatory burdens under which we operate, and may require us to pay large judgments or fines. any combination of these factors could further increase our cost of doing business and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
see "legal proceedings and certain regulatory matters" in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data. we cannot predict the outcome of these matters with certainty.
as a government contractor, we are exposed to risks that may materially adversely affect our business or our willingness or ability to participate in government health care programs.
a significant portion of our revenues relates to federal and state government health care coverage programs, including the medicare, military, and medicaid programs. these programs accounted for approximately 76% of our total premiums and services revenue for the year ended december 31, 2014. these programs involve various risks, as described further below.
•   at december 31, 2014, under our contracts with cms we provided health insurance coverage to approximately 542,400 individual medicare advantage members in florida. these contracts accounted for approximately 15% of our total premiums and services revenue for the year ended december 31, 2014. the loss of these and other cms contracts or significant changes in the medicare program as a result of legislative or regulatory action, including reductions in premium payments to us or increases in member benefits without corresponding increases in premium payments to us, may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
•   at december 31, 2014, our military services business primarily consisted of the tricare south region contract which covers approximately 3,090,400 beneficiaries. for the year ended december 31, 2014, premiums and services revenue associated with the tricare south region contract accounted for approximately 1% of our total premiums and services revenue. on april 1, 2012, we began delivering services under the current tricare south region contract that the defense health agency, or dha (formerly known as the tricare management activity), awarded to us on february 25, 2011. the current 5-year south region contract, which expires march 31, 2017, is subject to annual renewals on april 1 of each year during its term at the government's option. on january 27, 2015, we received notice from the dha of its intent to exercise its option to extend the tricare south region contract through march 31, 2016. the loss of the tricare south region contract, should it occur, may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
•   there is a possibility of temporary or permanent suspension from participating in government health care programs, including medicare and medicaid, if we are convicted of fraud or other criminal conduct in the
22
performance of a health care program or if there is an adverse decision against us under the federal false claims act. as a government contractor, we may be subject to qui tam litigation brought by individuals who seek to sue on behalf of the government, alleging that the government contractor submitted false claims to the government. litigation of this nature is filed under seal to allow the government an opportunity to investigate and to decide if it wishes to intervene and assume control of the litigation. if the government does not intervene, the lawsuit is unsealed, and the individual may continue to prosecute the action on his or her own.
•   cms uses a risk-adjustment model which apportions premiums paid to medicare advantage, or ma, plans according to health severity. the risk-adjustment model pays more for enrollees with predictably higher costs. under this model, rates paid to ma plans are based on actuarially determined bids, which include a process that bases our prospective payments on a comparison of our beneficiaries' risk scores, derived from medical diagnoses, to those enrolled in the government's traditional fee-for-service medicare program (referred to as "medicare ffs"). under the risk-adjustment methodology, all ma plans must collect and submit the necessary diagnosis code information from hospital inpatient, hospital outpatient, and physician providers to cms within prescribed deadlines. the cms risk-adjustment model uses this diagnosis data to calculate the risk-adjusted premium payment to ma plans. we generally rely on providers, including certain providers in our network who are our employees, to code their claim submissions with appropriate diagnoses, which we send to cms as the basis for our payment received from cms under the actuarial risk-adjustment model. we also rely on providers to appropriately document all medical data, including the diagnosis data submitted with claims. in addition, we conduct medical record reviews, as part of our data and payment accuracy compliance efforts, to more accurately reflect diagnosis conditions under the risk adjustment model. these compliance efforts include the internal contract level audits described in more detail below.
cms is continuing to perform audits of various companies' selected ma contracts related to this risk adjustment diagnosis data. these audits are referred to herein as risk-adjustment data validation audits, or radv audits. radv audits review medical records in an attempt to validate provider medical record documentation and coding practices which influence the calculation of premium payments to ma plans.
in 2012, cms released a "notice of final payment error calculation methodology for part c medicare advantage risk adjustment data validation (radv) contract-level audits." the payment error calculation methodology provides that, in calculating the economic impact of audit results for an ma contract, if any, the results of the audit sample will be extrapolated to the entire ma contract based upon a comparison to "benchmark" audit data in medicare ffs (which we refer to as the "ffs adjuster"). this comparison to the medicare ffs benchmark audit is necessary to determine the economic impact, if any, of audit results because the government program data set, including any attendant errors that are present in that data set, provides the basis for ma plans' risk adjustment to payment rates. cms already makes other adjustments to payment rates based on a comparison of coding pattern differences between ma plans and medicare ffs data (such as for frequency of coding for certain diagnoses in ma plan data versus the government program data set).
the final methodology, including the first application of extrapolated audit results to determine audit settlements, is expected to be applied to the current round of radv contract level audits being conducted on 2011 premium payments. selected ma contracts will be notified of an audit at some point after the close of the final reconciliation for the payment year being audited. the final reconciliation occurs in august of the calendar year following the payment year. we have been notified that certain of our medicare advantage contracts have been selected for audit for contract year 2011.
estimated audit settlements are recorded as a reduction of premiums revenue in our consolidated statements of income, based upon available information. we perform internal contract level audits based on the radv audit methodology prescribed by cms. included in these internal contract level audits is an audit of our private fee-for-service business which we used to represent a proxy of the benchmark audit data in medicare ffs which has not yet been released. we based our accrual of estimated audit settlements for contract years 2011 (the first year that application of extrapolated audit results is applicable) through 2014 on the results of these internal contract level audits and update our estimates as each audit is completed. estimates derived from these results were not material to our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. however,
23
as indicated, we are awaiting additional guidance from cms regarding the benchmark audit data in medicare ffs. accordingly, we cannot determine whether such radv audits will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows.
in addition, cms' recent comments in formalized guidance regarding "overpayments" to medicare advantage plans appear to be inconsistent with cms' prior radv audit guidance. these statements, contained in the preamble to cms' final rule release regarding medicare advantage and part d prescription drug benefit program regulations for contract year 2015, appear to equate each medicare advantage risk adjustment data error with an "overpayment" without reconciliation to the principles underlying the ffs adjuster referenced above. we will continue to work with cms to ensure that medicare advantage plans are paid accurately and that payment model principles are in accordance with the requirements of the social security act, which if not implemented correctly, could have material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows.
•   our cms contracts which cover members' prescription drugs under medicare part d contain provisions for risk sharing and certain payments for prescription drug costs for which we are not at risk. these provisions, certain of which are described below, affect our ultimate payments from cms.
the premiums from cms are subject to risk corridor provisions which compare costs targeted in our annual bids to actual prescription drug costs, limited to actual costs that would have been incurred under the standard coverage as defined by cms. variances exceeding certain thresholds may result in cms making additional payments to us or require us to refund to cms a portion of the premiums we received (known as a "risk corridor"). we estimate and recognize an adjustment to premiums revenue related to the risk corridor payment settlement based upon pharmacy claims experience. the estimate of the settlement associated with these risk corridor provisions requires us to consider factors that may not be certain, including member eligibility differences with cms. our estimate of the settlement associated with the medicare part d risk corridor provisions was a net receivable of $69 million at december 31, 2014.
reinsurance and low-income cost subsidies represent payments from cms in connection with the medicare part d program for which we assume no risk. reinsurance subsidies represent payments for cms's portion of claims costs which exceed the member's out-of-pocket threshold, or the catastrophic coverage level. low-income cost subsidies represent payments from cms for all or a portion of the deductible, the coinsurance and co-payment amounts above the out-of-pocket threshold for low-income beneficiaries. monthly prospective payments from cms for reinsurance and low-income cost subsidies are based on assumptions submitted with our annual bid. a reconciliation and settlement of cms's prospective subsidies against actual prescription drug costs we paid is made after the end of the year.
settlement of the reinsurance and low-income cost subsidies as well as the risk corridor payment is based on a reconciliation made approximately 9 months after the close of each calendar year. this reconciliation process requires us to submit claims data necessary for cms to administer the program. our claims data may not pass cms's claims edit processes due to various reasons, including discrepancies in eligibility or classification of low-income members. to the extent our data does not pass cms's claim edit processes, we may bear the risk for all or a portion of the claim which otherwise may have been subject to the risk corridor provision or payment which we would have otherwise received as a low-income subsidy or reinsurance claim. in addition, in the event the settlement represents an amount cms owes us, there is a negative impact on our cash flows and financial condition as a result of financing cms's share of the risk. the opposite is true in the event the settlement represents an amount we owe cms.
•   the budget control act of 2011, enacted on august 2, 2011, increased the united states debt ceiling conditioned on deficit reductions to be achieved over the next ten years. the budget control act of 2011 also established a twelve-member joint committee of congress known as the joint select committee on deficit reduction to propose legislation to reduce the united states federal deficit by $1.5 trillion for fiscal years 2012-2021. the failure of the joint select committee on deficit reduction to achieve a targeted deficit reduction by december 23, 2011 triggered an automatic reduction, including aggregate reductions to medicare payments to providers of up to 2 percent per fiscal year. these reductions took effect on april 1, 2013, and the bipartisan budget act of 2013, enacted on december 26, 2013, extended the reductions for
24
two years. we expect a corresponding substantial reduction in our obligations to providers. due to the uncertainty around the application of any such reductions, there can be no assurances that we can completely offset any reductions to the medicare healthcare programs applied by the budget control act of 2011.
•   we are also subject to various other governmental audits and investigations. under state laws, our hmos and health insurance companies are audited by state departments of insurance for financial and contractual compliance. our hmos are audited for compliance with health services by state departments of health. audits and investigations are also conducted by state attorneys general, cms, the office of the inspector general of health and human services, the office of personnel management, the department of justice, the department of labor, and the defense contract audit agency. all of these activities could result in the loss of licensure or the right to participate in various programs, including a limitation on our ability to market or sell products, the imposition of fines, penalties and other civil and criminal sanctions, or changes in our business practices. the outcome of any current or future governmental or internal investigations cannot be accurately predicted, nor can we predict any resulting penalties, fines or other sanctions that may be imposed at the discretion of federal or state regulatory authorities. nevertheless, it is reasonably possible that any such outcome of litigation, penalties, fines or other sanctions could be substantial, and the outcome of these matters may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. certain of these matters could also affect our reputation. in addition, disclosure of any adverse investigation or audit results or sanctions could negatively affect our industry or our reputation in various markets and make it more difficult for us to sell our products and services.
the patient protection and affordable care act and the health care and education reconciliation act of 2010 could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations (including restricting revenue, enrollment and premium growth in certain products and market segments, restricting our ability to expand into new markets, increasing our medical and operating costs by, among other things, requiring a minimum benefit ratio on insured products, lowering our medicare payment rates and increasing our expenses associated with a non-deductible health insurance industry fee and other assessments); our financial position (including our ability to maintain the value of our goodwill); and our cash flows.
the patient protection and affordable care act and the health care and education reconciliation act of 2010 (which we collectively refer to as the health care reform law) enacted significant reforms to various aspects of the u.s. health insurance industry. the provisions of the health care reform law include, among others, imposing a significant new non-deductible health insurance industry fee and other assessments on health insurers, limiting medicare advantage payment rates, stipulating a prescribed minimum ratio for the amount of premiums revenue to be expended on medical costs for insured products, additional mandated benefits and guarantee issuance associated with commercial medical insurance, requirements that limit the ability of health plans to vary premiums based on assessments of underlying risk, and heightened scrutiny by state and federal regulators of our business practices, including our medicare bid and pricing practices. the health care reform law also specifies benefit design guidelines, limits rating and pricing practices, encourages additional competition (including potential incentives for new market entrants), establishes federally-facilitated or state-based exchanges for individuals and small employers (with up to 100 employees) coupled with programs designed to spread risk among insurers (subject to federal administrative action), and expands eligibility for medicaid programs (subject to state-by-state implementation of this expansion). in addition, the health care reform law has increased and will continue to increase federal oversight of health plan premium rates and could adversely affect our ability to appropriately adjust health plan premiums on a timely basis. financing for these reforms will come, in part, from material additional fees and taxes on us and other health plans and individuals which began in 2014, as well as reductions in certain levels of payments to us and other health plans under medicare. implementation dates of the provisions of the health care reform law began in september 2010 and continue through 2018. if we fail to effectively implement our operational and strategic initiatives with respect to the implementation of the health care reform law, our business may be materially adversely affected. for additional information, please refer to the section entitled, "health care reform" in "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" appearing in this annual report.
25
our participation in the new federal and state health insurance exchanges, which entail uncertainties associated with mix, volume of business and the operation of premium stabilization programs, which are subject to federal administrative action, could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
the health care reform law required the establishment of health insurance exchanges for individuals and small employers to purchase health insurance that became effective january 1, 2014, with an annual open enrollment period. insurers participating on the health insurance exchanges must offer a minimum level of benefits and are subject to guidelines on setting premium rates and coverage limitations. we may be adversely selected by individuals who have a higher acuity level than the anticipated pool of participants in this market. in addition, the risk corridor, reinsurance, and risk adjustment provisions of the health care reform law, established to apportion risk for insurers, may not be effective in appropriately mitigating the financial risks related to our products. in addition, regulatory changes to the implementation of the health care reform law that allowed individuals to remain in plans that are not compliant with the health care reform law may have an adverse effect on our pool of participants in the health insurance exchange. all of these factors may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows if our premiums are not adequate or do not appropriately reflect the acuity of these individuals. any variation from our expectations regarding acuity, enrollment levels, adverse selection, or other assumptions used in setting premium rates could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
our business activities are subject to substantial government regulation. new laws or regulations, or changes in existing laws or regulations or their manner of application, including reductions in medicare advantage payment rates, could increase our cost of doing business and may adversely affect our business, profitability, financial condition, and cash flows.
in addition to the health care reform law, the health care industry in general and health insurance are subject to substantial federal and state government regulation:
health insurance portability and accountability act (hipaa) and the health information technology for economic and clinical health act (hitech act)
the use of individually identifiable health data by our business is regulated at federal and state levels. these laws and rules are changed frequently by legislation or administrative interpretation. various state laws address the use and maintenance of individually identifiable health data. most are derived from the privacy provisions in the federal gramm-leach-bliley act and the health insurance portability and accountability act, or hipaa. hipaa includes administrative provisions directed at simplifying electronic data interchange through standardizing transactions, establishing uniform health care provider, payer, and employer identifiers, and seeking protections for confidentiality and security of patient data. the rules do not provide for complete federal preemption of state laws, but rather preempt all inconsistent state laws unless the state law is more stringent.
these regulations set standards for the security of electronic health information. violations of these rules could subject us to significant criminal and civil penalties, including significant monetary penalties. compliance with hipaa regulations requires significant systems enhancements, training and administrative effort. hipaa can also expose us to additional liability for violations by our business associates (e.g., entities that provide services to health plans and providers).
the hitech act, one part of the american recovery and reinvestment act of 2009, significantly broadened the scope of the privacy and security regulations of hipaa. on january 17, 2013, hhs issued the omnibus final rule on hipaa privacy, security, breach notification requirements and enforcement requirements under the hitech act, and a final regulation for required changes to the hipaa privacy rule for the genetic information nondiscrimination act, or gina. the omnibus final rule became effective on march 26, 2013, with a compliance date of september 23, 2013. among other requirements, the hitech act and omnibus final rule mandates individual notification in the event of a breach of unsecured, individually identifiable health information, provides enhanced penalties for hipaa violations, requires business associates to comply with certain provisions of the hipaa privacy and security rule, and grants enforcement authority to state attorneys general in addition to the hhs office of civil rights.
26
in addition, there are numerous federal and state laws and regulations addressing patient and consumer privacy concerns, including unauthorized access or theft of personal information. state statutes and regulations vary from state to state and could impose additional penalties. violations of hipaa or applicable federal or state laws or regulations could subject us to significant criminal or civil penalties, including significant monetary penalties. compliance with hipaa and other privacy regulations requires significant systems enhancements, training and administrative effort.
american recovery and reinvestment act of 2009 (arra)
on february 17, 2009, the american recovery and reinvestment act of 2009, or arra, was enacted into law. in addition to including a temporary subsidy for health care continuation coverage issued pursuant to the consolidated omnibus budget reconciliation act, or cobra, arra also expands and strengthens the privacy and security provisions of hipaa and imposes additional limits on the use and disclosure of protected health information, or phi. among other things, arra requires us and other covered entities to report any unauthorized release or use of or access to phi to any impacted individuals and to the u.s. department of health and human services in those instances where the unauthorized activity poses a significant risk of financial, reputational or other harm to the individuals, and to notify the media in any states where 500 or more people are impacted by any unauthorized release or use of or access to phi. arra also requires business associates to comply with certain hipaa provisions. arra also establishes higher civil and criminal penalties for covered entities and business associates who fail to comply with hipaa's provisions and requires the u.s. department of health and human services to issue regulations implementing its privacy and security enhancements.
corporate practice of medicine and other laws as a corporate entity, humana inc. is not licensed to practice medicine. many states in which we operate through our subsidiaries limit the practice of medicine to licensed individuals or professional organizations comprised of licensed individuals, and business corporations generally may not exercise control over the medical decisions of physicians. statutes and regulations relating to the practice of medicine, fee-splitting between physicians and referral sources, and similar issues vary widely from state to state. under management agreements between certain of our subsidiaries and affiliated physician-owned professional groups, these groups retain sole responsibility for all medical decisions, as well as for hiring and managing physicians and other licensed healthcare providers, developing operating policies and procedures, implementing professional standards and controls, and maintaining malpractice insurance. we believe that our health services operations comply with applicable state statutes regarding corporate practice of medicine, fee-splitting, and similar issues. however, any enforcement actions by governmental officials alleging non-compliance with these statutes, which could subject us to penalties or restructuring or reorganization of our business, may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows.
anti-kickback, physician self-referral, and other fraud and abuse laws a federal law commonly referred to as the "anti-kickback statute" prohibits the offer, payment, solicitation, or receipt of any form of remuneration to induce, or in return for, the referral of medicare or other governmental health program patients or patient care opportunities, or in return for the purchase, lease, or order of items or services that are covered by medicare or other federal governmental health programs. because the prohibitions contained in the anti-kickback statute apply to the furnishing of items or services for which payment is made in "whole or in part," the anti-kickback statute could be implicated if any portion of an item or service we provide is covered by any of the state or federal health benefit programs described above. violation of these provisions constitutes a felony criminal offense and applicable sanctions could include exclusion from the medicare and medicaid programs.
section 1877 of the social security act, commonly known as the "stark law," prohibits physicians, subject to certain exceptions described below, from referring medicare or medicaid patients to an entity providing "designated health services" in which the physician, or an immediate family member, has an ownership or investment interest or with which the physician, or an immediate family member, has entered into a compensation arrangement. these prohibitions, contained in the omnibus budget reconciliation act of 1993, commonly known as "stark ii," amended prior federal physician self-referral legislation known as "stark i" by expanding the list of designated health services
27
to a total of 11 categories of health services. the professional groups with which we are affiliated provide one or more of these designated health services. persons or entities found to be in violation of the stark law are subject to denial of payment for services furnished pursuant to an improper referral, civil monetary penalties, and exclusion from the medicare and medicaid programs.
many states also have enacted laws similar in scope and purpose to the anti-kickback statute and, in more limited instances, the stark law, that are not limited to services for which medicare or medicaid payment is made. in addition, most states have statutes, regulations, or professional codes that restrict a physician from accepting various kinds of remuneration in exchange for making referrals. these laws vary from state to state and have seldom been interpreted by the courts or regulatory agencies. in states that have enacted these statutes, we believe that regulatory authorities and state courts interpreting these statutes may regard federal law under the anti-kickback statute and the stark law as persuasive.
we believe that our operations comply with the anti-kickback statute, the stark law, and similar federal or state laws addressing fraud and abuse. these laws are subject to modification and changes in interpretation, and are enforced by authorities vested with broad discretion. we continually monitor developments in this area. if these laws are interpreted in a manner contrary to our interpretation or are reinterpreted or amended, or if new legislation is enacted with respect to healthcare fraud and abuse, illegal remuneration, or similar issues, we may be required to restructure our affected operations to maintain compliance with applicable law. there can be no assurances that any such restructuring will be possible or, if possible, would not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows.
environmental we are subject to various federal, state, and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of human health and the environment. if an environmental regulatory agency finds any of our facilities to be in violation of environmental laws, penalties and fines may be imposed for each day of violation and the affected facility could be forced to cease operations. we could also incur other significant costs, such as cleanup costs or claims by third parties, as a result of violations of, or liabilities under, environmental laws. although we believe that our environmental practices, including waste handling and disposal practices, are in material compliance with applicable laws, future claims or violations, or changes in environmental laws, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
state regulation of insurance-related products laws in each of the states (and puerto rico) in which we operate our hmos, ppos and other health insurance-related services regulate our operations including: licensing requirements, policy language describing benefits, mandated benefits and processes, entry, withdrawal or re-entry into a state or market, rate increases, delivery systems, utilization review procedures, quality assurance, complaint systems, enrollment requirements, claim payments, marketing, and advertising. the hmo, ppo, and other health insurance-related products we offer are sold under licenses issued by the applicable insurance regulators.
our licensed insurance subsidiaries are also subject to regulation under state insurance holding company and puerto rico regulations. these regulations generally require, among other things, prior approval and/or notice of new products, rates, benefit changes, and certain material transactions, including dividend payments, purchases or sales of assets, intercompany agreements, and the filing of various financial and operational reports.
any failure by us to manage acquisitions, divestitures and other significant transactions successfully may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
as part of our business strategy, we frequently engage in discussions with third parties regarding possible investments, acquisitions, divestitures, strategic alliances, joint ventures, and outsourcing transactions and often enter into agreements relating to such transactions in order to further our business objectives. in order to pursue our acquisition
28
strategy successfully, we must identify suitable candidates for and successfully complete transactions, some of which may be large and complex, and manage post-closing issues such as the integration of acquired companies or employees. integration and other risks can be more pronounced for larger and more complicated transactions, transactions outside of our core business space, or if multiple transactions are pursued simultaneously. the failure to successfully integrate acquired entities and businesses or failure to produce results consistent with the financial model used in the analysis of our acquisitions may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. if we fail to identify and complete successfully transactions that further our strategic objectives, we may be required to expend resources to develop products and technology internally. in addition, from time to time, we evaluate alternatives for our businesses that do not meet our strategic, growth or profitability objectives. among the businesses that we are currently evaluating is our closed block of long-term care insurance policies business.  while no decision has been made with respect to any course of action, if we were to divest this business it is reasonably likely that we would have to recognize a material loss that will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. the divestiture of certain other businesses could also result, individually or in the aggregate, in the recognition of material losses and a material adverse effect on our results of operations. there can be no assurance that we will be able to complete any such divestitures on terms favorable to us.
if we fail to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with the providers of care to our members, our business may be adversely affected.
we employ or contract with physicians, hospitals and other providers to deliver health care to our members. our products encourage or require our customers to use these contracted providers. a key component of our integrated care delivery strategy is to increase the number of providers who share medical cost risk with us or have financial incentives to deliver quality medical services in a cost-effective manner.
in any particular market, providers could refuse to contract with us, demand higher payments, or take other actions that could result in higher health care costs for us, less desirable products for customers and members or difficulty meeting regulatory or accreditation requirements. in some markets, some providers, particularly hospitals, physician specialty groups, physician/hospital organizations, or multi-specialty physician groups, may have significant market positions and negotiating power. in addition, physician or practice management companies, which aggregate physician practices for administrative efficiency and marketing leverage, may compete directly with us. if these providers refuse to contract with us, use their market position to negotiate unfavorable contracts with us or place us at a competitive disadvantage, or do not enter into contracts with us that encourage the delivery of quality medical services in a cost-effective manner, our ability to market products or to be profitable in those areas may be adversely affected.
in some situations, we have contracts with individual or groups of primary care providers for an actuarially determined, fixed fee per month to provide a basket of required medical services to our members. this type of contract is referred to as a "capitation" contract. the inability of providers to properly manage costs under these capitation arrangements can result in the financial instability of these providers and the termination of their relationship with us. in addition, payment or other disputes between a primary care provider and specialists with whom the primary care provider contracts can result in a disruption in the provision of services to our members or a reduction in the services available to our members. the financial instability or failure of a primary care provider to pay other providers for services rendered could lead those other providers to demand payment from us even though we have made our regular fixed payments to the primary provider. there can be no assurance that providers with whom we contract will properly manage the costs of services, maintain financial solvency or avoid disputes with other providers. any of these events may have a material adverse effect on the provision of services to our members and our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
our pharmacy business is highly competitive and subjects us to regulations in addition to those we face with our core health benefits businesses.
our pharmacy mail order business competes with locally owned drugstores, retail drugstore chains, supermarkets, discount retailers, membership clubs, internet companies and other mail-order and long-term care pharmacies. our pharmacy business also subjects us to extensive federal, state, and local regulation. the practice of pharmacy is generally
29
regulated at the state level by state boards of pharmacy. many of the states where we deliver pharmaceuticals, including controlled substances, have laws and regulations that require out-of-state mail-order pharmacies to register with that state's board of pharmacy. federal agencies further regulate our pharmacy operations, requiring registration with the u.s. drug enforcement administration and individual state controlled substance authorities in order to dispense controlled substances. in addition, the fda inspects facilities in connection with procedures to effect recalls of prescription drugs. the federal trade commission also has requirements for mail-order sellers of goods. the u.s. postal service, or usps, has statutory authority to restrict the transmission of drugs and medicines through the mail to a degree that may have an adverse effect on our mail-order operations. the usps historically has exercised this statutory authority only with respect to controlled substances. if the usps restricts our ability to deliver drugs through the mail, alternative means of delivery are available to us. however, alternative means of delivery could be significantly more expensive. the department of transportation has regulatory authority to impose restrictions on drugs inserted in the stream of commerce. these regulations generally do not apply to the usps and its operations. in addition, we are subject to cms rules regarding the administration of our pdp plans and intercompany pricing between our pdp plans and our pharmacy business.
we are also subject to risks inherent in the packaging and distribution of pharmaceuticals and other health care products, and the application of state laws related to the operation of internet and mail-order pharmacies. the failure to adhere to these laws and regulations may expose us to civil and criminal penalties.
changes in the prescription drug industry pricing benchmarks may adversely affect our financial performance.
contracts in the prescription drug industry generally use certain published benchmarks to establish pricing for prescription drugs. these benchmarks include average wholesale price, which is referred to as "awp," average selling price, which is referred to as "asp," and wholesale acquisition cost. it is uncertain whether payors, pharmacy providers, pharmacy benefit managers, or pbms, and others in the prescription drug industry will continue to utilize awp as it has previously been calculated, or whether other pricing benchmarks will be adopted for establishing prices within the industry. legislation may lead to changes in the pricing for medicare and medicaid programs. regulators have conducted investigations into the use of awp for federal program payment, and whether the use of awp has inflated drug expenditures by the medicare and medicaid programs. federal and state proposals have sought to change the basis for calculating payment of certain drugs by the medicare and medicaid programs. adoption of asp in lieu of awp as the measure for determining payment by medicare or medicaid programs for the drugs sold in our mail-order pharmacy business may reduce the revenues and gross margins of this business which may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
if we do not continue to earn and retain purchase discounts and volume rebates from pharmaceutical manufacturers at current levels, our gross margins may decline.
we have contractual relationships with pharmaceutical manufacturers or wholesalers that provide us with purchase discounts and volume rebates on certain prescription drugs dispensed through our mail-order and specialty pharmacies. these discounts and volume rebates are generally passed on to clients in the form of steeper price discounts. changes in existing federal or state laws or regulations or in their interpretation by courts and agencies or the adoption of new laws or regulations relating to patent term extensions, and purchase discount and volume rebate arrangements with pharmaceutical manufacturers, may reduce the discounts or volume rebates we receive and materially adversely impact our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
our ability to obtain funds from certain of our licensed subsidiaries is restricted by state insurance regulations.
because we operate as a holding company, we are dependent upon dividends and administrative expense reimbursements from our subsidiaries to fund the obligations of humana inc., our parent company. certain of our insurance subsidiaries operate in states that regulate the payment of dividends, loans, administrative expense reimbursements or other cash transfers to humana inc., and require minimum levels of equity as well as limit investments to approved securities. the amount of dividends that may be paid to humana inc. by these insurance subsidiaries, without prior approval by state regulatory authorities, or ordinary dividends, is limited based on the entity's level of
30
statutory income and statutory capital and surplus. in most states, prior notification is provided before paying a dividend even if approval is not required. actual dividends paid may vary due to consideration of excess statutory capital and surplus and expected future surplus requirements related to, for example, premium volume and product mix. dividends from our non-insurance companies such as in our healthcare services segment are generally not restricted by departments of insurance. in the event that we are unable to provide sufficient capital to fund the obligations of humana inc., our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows may be materially adversely affected.
downgrades in our debt ratings, should they occur, may adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
claims paying ability, financial strength, and debt ratings by recognized rating organizations are an increasingly important factor in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies. ratings information is broadly disseminated and generally used throughout the industry. we believe our claims paying ability and financial strength ratings are an important factor in marketing our products to certain of our customers. in addition, our debt ratings impact both the cost and availability of future borrowings. each of the rating agencies reviews its ratings periodically and there can be no assurance that current ratings will be maintained in the future. our ratings reflect each rating agency's opinion of our financial strength, operating performance, and ability to meet our debt obligations or obligations to policyholders, but are not evaluations directed toward the protection of investors in our common stock and should not be relied upon as such.
historically, rating agencies take action to lower ratings due to, among other things, perceived concerns about liquidity or solvency, the competitive environment in the insurance industry, the inherent uncertainty in determining reserves for future claims, the outcome of pending litigation and regulatory investigations, and possible changes in the methodology or criteria applied by the rating agencies. in addition, rating agencies have come under regulatory and public scrutiny over the ratings assigned to various fixed-income products. as a result, rating agencies may (i) become more conservative in their methodology and criteria, (ii) increase the frequency or scope of their credit reviews, (iii) request additional information from the companies that they rate, or (iv) adjust upward the capital and other requirements employed in the rating agency models for maintenance of certain ratings levels.
we believe that some of our customers place importance on our credit ratings, and we may lose customers and compete less successfully if our ratings were to be downgraded. in addition, our credit ratings affect our ability to obtain investment capital on favorable terms. if our credit ratings were to be lowered, our cost of borrowing likely would increase, our sales and earnings could decrease, and our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows may be materially adversely affected.
the securities and credit markets may experience volatility and disruption, which may adversely affect our business.
volatility or disruption in the securities and credit markets could impact our investment portfolio. we evaluate our investment securities for impairment on a quarterly basis. this review is subjective and requires a high degree of judgment. for the purpose of determining gross realized gains and losses, the cost of investment securities sold is based upon specific identification. for debt securities held, we recognize an impairment loss in income when the fair value of the debt security is less than the carrying value and we have the intent to sell the debt security or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the debt security before recovery of our amortized cost basis, or if a credit loss has occurred. when we do not intend to sell a security in an unrealized loss position, potential other-than-temporary impairments are considered using variety of factors, including the length of time and extent to which the fair value has been less than cost; adverse conditions specifically related to the industry, geographic area or financial condition of the issuer or underlying collateral of a security; payment structure of the security; changes in credit rating of the security by the rating agencies; the volatility of the fair value changes; and changes in fair value of the security after the balance sheet date. for debt securities, we take into account expectations of relevant market and economic data. we continuously review our investment portfolios and there is a continuing risk that declines in fair value may occur and additional material realized losses from sales or other-than-temporary impairments may be recorded in future periods.
31
we believe our cash balances, investment securities, operating cash flows, and funds available under our credit agreement or from other public or private financing sources, taken together, provide adequate resources to fund ongoing operating and regulatory requirements, acquisitions, future expansion opportunities, and capital expenditures for at least the next twelve months, as well as to refinance or repay debt, and repurchase shares. however, continuing adverse securities and credit market conditions may significantly affect the availability of credit. while there is no assurance in the current economic environment, we have no reason to believe the lenders participating in our credit agreement will not be willing and able to provide financing in accordance with the terms of the agreement.
our access to additional credit will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit, both to the overall market and our industry, our credit ratings and debt capacity, as well as the possibility that customers or lenders could develop a negative perception of our long or short-term financial prospects. similarly, our access to funds could be limited if regulatory authorities or rating agencies were to take negative actions against us. if a combination of these factors were to occur, we may not be able to successfully obtain additional financing on favorable terms or at all.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations executive overview general humana inc., headquartered in louisville, ky., is a leading health and well-being company focused on making it easy for people to achieve their best health with clinical excellence through coordinated care. our strategy integrates care delivery, the member experience, and clinical and consumer insights to encourage engagement, behavior change, proactive clinical outreach and wellness for the millions of people we serve across the country.
our industry relies on two key statistics to measure performance. the benefit ratio, which is computed by taking total benefits expense as a percentage of premiums revenue, represents a statistic used to measure underwriting profitability. the operating cost ratio, which is computed by taking total operating costs, which excludes depreciation and amortization, as a percentage of total revenue less investment income, represents a statistic used to measure administrative spending efficiency.
business segments on january 1, 2014, we reclassified certain of our businesses from our healthcare services segment to our employer group segment to correspond with internal management reporting changes. our reportable segments remain the same and prior period segment financial information has been recast to conform to the 2014 presentation. this is further described in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data.
we manage our business with three reportable segments: retail, employer group, and healthcare services. in addition, the other businesses category includes businesses that are not individually reportable because they do not meet the quantitative thresholds required by generally accepted accounting principles. these segments are based on a combination of the type of health plan customer and adjacent businesses centered on well-being solutions for our health plans and other customers, as described below. these segment groupings are consistent with information used by our chief executive officer to assess performance and allocate resources.
the retail segment consists of medicare and commercial fully-insured medical and specialty health insurance benefits, including dental, vision, and other supplemental health and financial protection products, marketed directly to individuals, and includes our contract with cms to administer the li-net prescription drug plan program and contracts with various states to provide medicaid, dual eligible, and long-term support services benefits, collectively our state-based contracts. the employer group segment consists of medicare and commercial fully-insured medical and specialty health insurance benefits, including dental, vision, and other supplemental health and voluntary benefit products, as well as administrative services only, or aso, products and our health and wellness products primarily marketed to employer groups. the healthcare services segment includes services offered to our health plan members as well as to third parties including pharmacy solutions, provider services, home based services, integrated behavioral health services, and predictive modeling and informatics services. the other businesses category consists of our military services, primarily our tricare south region contract, puerto rico medicaid, and closed-block long-term care insurance policies.
the results of each segment are measured by income before income taxes. transactions between reportable segments consist of sales of services rendered by our healthcare services segment, primarily pharmacy, provider, home based, and behavioral health, to our retail and employer group customers. intersegment sales and expenses are recorded at fair value and eliminated in consolidation. members served by our segments often utilize the same provider networks, enabling us in some instances to obtain more favorable contract terms with providers. our segments also share indirect costs and assets. as a result, the profitability of each segment is interdependent.
we allocate most operating expenses to our segments. assets and certain corporate income and expenses are not allocated to the segments, including the portion of investment income not supporting segment operations, interest
39
expense on corporate debt, and certain other corporate expenses. these items are managed at the corporate level. these corporate amounts are reported separately from our reportable segments and included with intersegment eliminations.
seasonality one of the product offerings of our retail segment is medicare stand-alone prescription drug plans, or pdps, under the medicare part d program. our quarterly retail segment earnings and operating cash flows are impacted by the medicare part d benefit design and changes in the composition of our membership. the medicare part d benefit design results in coverage that varies as a member's cumulative out-of-pocket costs pass through successive stages of a member's plan period, which begins annually on january 1 for renewals. these plan designs generally result in us sharing a greater portion of the responsibility for total prescription drug costs in the early stages and less in the latter stages. as a result, the pdp benefit ratio generally decreases as the year progresses. in addition, the number of low-income senior members as well as year-over-year changes in the mix of membership in our stand-alone pdp products affects the quarterly benefit ratio pattern.
our employer group segment also experiences seasonality in the benefit ratio pattern. however, the effect is opposite of medicare stand-alone pdp in the retail segment, with the employer group's benefit ratio increasing as fully-insured members progress through their annual deductible and maximum out-of-pocket expenses. similarly, certain of our fully-insured individual commercial medical products in our retail segment experience seasonality in the benefit ratio akin to the employer group segment, including the effect of existing members transitioning to policies compliant with the health care reform law.
in addition, the retail segment also experiences seasonality in the operating cost ratio as a result of costs incurred in the second half of the year associated with the medicare and individual health care exchange marketing seasons.
2014 highlights consolidated
•   our 2014 results reflect the continued implementation of our strategy to offer our members affordable health care combined with a positive consumer experience in growing markets. at the core of this strategy is our integrated care delivery model, which unites quality care, high member engagement, and sophisticated data analytics. our approach to primary, physician-directed care for our members aims to provide quality care that is consistent, integrated, cost-effective, and member-focused, provided by both employed physicians and physicians with network contract arrangements. a core element of the model is to offer assistance to providers in transitioning from a fee-for-service to a value-based arrangement. the model is designed to improve health outcomes and affordability for individuals and for the health system as a whole, while offering our members a simple, seamless healthcare experience. we believe this strategy is positioning us for long-term growth in both membership and earnings. at december 31, 2014, approximately 709,000 members, or 29.0%, of our individual medicare advantage membership were in risk arrangements under our integrated care delivery model, as compared to 561,500 members, or 27.1%, at december 31, 2013.
•   year-over-year comparisons of our results were impacted by investments in health care exchanges and state-based contracts as well as higher specialty prescription drug costs associated with a new treatment for hepatitis c, partially offset by membership growth in our medicare advantage, medicare stand-alone pdp, and individual commercial medical offerings as well as increased membership in our clinical programs.
•   in september 2014, we paid the federal government $562 million for the annual health insurance industry fee. this fee is not deductible for tax purposes, which has significantly increased our effective income tax rate in 2014. year-over-year comparisons of the operating cost ratio are negatively impacted by this and other fees mandated by the health care reform law beginning in 2014. likewise, year-over-year comparisons of the benefit ratio reflect the inclusion of these mandated fees in the pricing of our products for 2014. in 2015, the health insurance industry fee increases by 41% for the industry taken as a whole. accordingly, absent changes in market share, we would expect a 41% increase in our fee in 2015. the health insurance industry fee is further described below under the section titled "health care reform."
40
•   year-over-year comparisons of diluted earnings per common share are favorably impacted by a lower number of shares used to compute diluted earnings per common share reflecting the impact of share repurchases.
•   our operating cash flow of $1.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to operating cash flow of $1.7 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013. for 2014, the effect of the commercial risk adjustment, risk corridor, and reinsurance provisions of the health care reform law impacted the timing of our operating cash flows, as we built a receivable of $679 million in 2014 that is expected to be collected in 2015.
•   our 2014 financing cash flows have been negatively impacted by the timing of payments to and receipts from cms associated with medicare part d reinsurance subsidies for which we do not assume risk. claims payments were $945 million higher than receipts from cms associated with medicare part d claim subsidies for which we do not assume risk during 2014. we are experiencing higher specialty prescription drug costs associated with a new treatment for hepatitis c than were contemplated in our bids which is resulting in higher reinsurance subsidy receivable balances in 2014 that will be settled in 2015 under the terms of our contracts with cms.
•   we continue to focus on disciplined capital allocation. in 2014, we issued senior notes and received net proceeds of $1.7 billion, redeemed our $500 million 6.45% senior notes for cash totaling approximately $560 million, repurchased 5.7 million shares of our common stock for $730 million in open market transactions (which excludes another $100 million of stock held back pursuant to an accelerated share repurchase program), and paid dividends to stockholders of $172 million.
retail segment
•   on april 7, 2014, cms announced final 2015 medicare benchmark payment rates and related technical factors impacting the bid benchmark premiums, which we refer to as the final rate notice. we believe the final rate notices together with the impact of payment cuts associated with the health care reform law, quality bonuses, sunset of the star quality cms demonstration in 2015, risk coding modifications, the impact of the health insurance industry fee, and other funding formula changes, indicate 2015 medicare advantage funding cuts of approximately 2%. we believe we have effectively designed medicare advantage products based upon these levels of rate reduction while continuing to remain competitive compared to both the combination of medicare ffs with a supplement policy as well as medicare advantage products offered by our competitors. failure to execute these strategies may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
•   medicare advantage premiums are tied to the achievement of certain quality performance measures (star ratings). beginning in 2015, plans must have a star rating of four or higher to qualify for bonus money. star ratings issued by cms in october 2014 indicated that plans covering 92% of our medicare advantage membership for the 2015 plan year achieved a star rating of 4.0 or higher. we have 23 medicare advantage plans that achieved a rating of four or more stars, an increase from 18 the previous year. we are offering one medicare advantage plan that achieved a 5.0 star rating, our careplus health plans, inc. hmo plan in florida, as well as five medicare advantage plans that achieved a 4.5 star rating. plans that earn an overall star rating of five become eligible to enroll members year round.
•   as discussed in the detailed retail segment results of operations discussion that follows, for the year ended december 31, 2014, our retail segment pretax income declined by 14.4% primarily due to the same factors discussed above for our consolidated results.
•   individual medicare advantage membership increased 377,500 members, or 18.2%, from december 31, 2013 to december 31, 2014 reflecting net membership additions, particularly for our hmo offerings, for the 2014 plan year as well as dual eligible members from state-based contracts in virginia and illinois. january 1, 2015 individual medicare advantage membership increased approximately 257,000 members, or 10.5%, from december 31, 2014 reflecting net membership additions for the 2015 enrollment season, primarily in our hmo offerings.
41
•   medicare stand-alone pdp membership increased 717,800 members, or 21.9%, from december 31, 2013 to december 31, 2014 reflecting net membership additions, primarily for our humana-walmart plan offering, for the 2014 plan year. january 1, 2015 medicare stand-alone pdp membership, excluding the li-net prescription drug plan program, increased approximately 230,500 members, or 5.8%, from december 31, 2014 reflecting net membership additions for the 2015 enrollment season.
•   our state-based medicaid membership as of december 31, 2014 increased 213,000 members from december 31, 2013, primarily due to the addition of members under our florida medicaid and florida long-term support services contracts.
•   individual commercial medical membership of 1,148,100 at december 31, 2014 increased 548,000 members, or 91.3%, from december 31, 2013 primarily reflecting new sales, both on-exchange and off-exchange, of plans compliant with the health care reform law. at december 31, 2014, individual commercial medical membership in plans compliant with the health care reform law, both on-exchange and off-exchange, was 686,300 members. in addition, federal and state regulatory changes in december 2013 allowed certain individuals to remain in their existing underwritten health plans that are not compliant with the health care reform law, which has led to much higher than previously expected retention of our existing underwritten health plans. we believe that this is occurring at other health insurance issuers as well and will result in an overall deterioration of the risk pool in plans compliant with the health care reform law, as more previously underwritten members remain with their current health plans rather than enter the exchanges. however, we expect that the commercial risk adjustment, risk corridor, and reinsurance provisions of the health care reform law will mitigate this deterioration to some extent.
employer group segment
•   as discussed in the detailed employer group segment results of operations discussion that follows, the employer group segment pretax income declined 10.3% for the year ended december 31, 2014 primarily reflecting higher utilization, mainly due to higher specialty prescription drug costs associated with a new treatment for hepatitis c, as well as the continuing impact of transitional policy changes which allowed individuals to remain in plans not compliant with the health care reform law.
•   fully-insured group medicare advantage membership of 489,700 at december 31, 2014 increased 60,600 members, or 14.1%, from 429,100 at december 31, 2013 primarily due to the january 2014 addition of a new large group account.
•   membership in humanavitality®, our wellness and loyalty rewards program, rose 36.2% to 3,856,800 at december 31, 2014 from 2,831,000 at december 31, 2013 primarily due to the addition of group medicare members as well as individual medicare advantage and fully-insured individual commercial medical membership growth.
healthcare services segment
•   as discussed in the detailed healthcare services segment results of operations discussion that follows, our healthcare services segment pretax income improved 41.8% for the year ended december 31, 2014 primarily due to a decline in the operating cost ratio in 2014 on a revenue base that reflects growth from our pharmacy solutions and home based services businesses as they serve our growing medicare membership.
•   programs to enhance the quality of care for members are key elements of our integrated care delivery model. we have accelerated our process for identifying and reaching out to members in need of clinical intervention. at december 31, 2014, we had approximately 420,700 members with complex chronic conditions in the humana chronic care program, a 50.1% increase compared with approximately 280,200 members at december 31, 2013, reflecting enhanced predictive modeling capabilities and focus on proactive clinical outreach and member engagement, particularly for our medicare advantage membership. we believe these initiatives lead to better health outcomes for our members and lower health care costs.
42
other businesses
•   year-over-year comparisons within other businesses are impacted by the loss of our medicaid contracts in puerto rico effective september 30, 2013 and a reduction in benefits expense in 2013 related to a favorable settlement of contract claims with the united states department of defense, or dod, associated with previously disclosed litigation. in addition, as discussed in note 18 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data, during 2013, we recorded net benefits expense of $243 million ($154 million after-tax, or $0.99 per diluted common share) for reserve strengthening related to our non-strategic closed-block of long-term care insurance policies acquired in connection with the 2007 acquisition of kmg.
health care reform the health care reform law enacted significant reforms to various aspects of the u.s. health insurance industry. implementation dates of the health care reform law began in september 2010 and will continue through 2018, and many aspects of the health care reform law are already effective and have been implemented by us. certain significant provisions of the health care reform law include, among others, mandated coverage requirements, mandated benefits and guarantee issuance associated with commercial medical insurance, rebates to policyholders based on minimum benefit ratios, adjustments to medicare advantage premiums, the establishment of federally-facilitated or state-based exchanges coupled with programs designed to spread risk among insurers, an annual insurance industry premium-based assessment, and a three-year commercial reinsurance fee. certain provisions of the health care reform law became effective in 2014, including:
•   all individual and group health plans must guarantee issuance and renew coverage without pre-existing condition exclusions or health-status rating adjustments;
•   the elimination of annual limits on coverage on certain benefits;
•   the establishment of federally-facilitated, federal-state partnerships or state-based exchanges for individuals and small employers (with up to 100 employees) coupled with programs designed to spread risk among insurers;
•   the introduction of plan designs based on set actuarial values;
•   the establishment of a minimum benefit ratio of 85% for medicare advantage plans with penalties up to and including termination of medicare advantage contracts for continued failure to meet the minimum; and
•   insurance industry assessments, including an annual health insurance industry fee and a three-year $25 billion industry wide commercial reinsurance fee. the annual health insurance industry fee levied on the insurance industry is $8 billion in 2014 with increasing annual amounts thereafter, growing to $14 billion by 2017, and is not deductible for income tax purposes, which significantly increased our effective income tax rate in 2014 to approximately 47.2%. in 2014, we paid the federal government $562 million for the annual health insurance industry fee. in 2015, the health insurance industry fee increases by 41% for the industry taken as a whole. accordingly, absent changes in market share, we would expect a 41% increase in our fee in 2015. in addition, statutory accounting for the health insurance industry fee required us to restrict surplus in the year preceding payment of the health insurance industry fee beginning in 2014. accordingly, in addition to recording the full-year 2014 assessment in the first quarter of 2014, we were required to restrict surplus for the 2015 assessment ratably in 2014.
43
the health care reform law also specifies benefit design guidelines, limits rating and pricing practices, encourages additional competition (including potential incentives for new market entrants), establishes federally-facilitated or state-based exchanges for individuals and small employers (with up to 100 employees) coupled with programs designed to spread risk among insurers (subject to federal administrative action), and expands eligibility for medicaid programs (subject to state-by-state implementation of this expansion). in addition, the health care reform law has increased and will continue to increase federal oversight of health plan premium rates and could adversely affect our ability to appropriately adjust health plan premiums on a timely basis. financing for these reforms comes, in part, from material additional fees and taxes on us (as discussed above) and other health plans and individuals which began in 2014, as well as reductions in certain levels of payments to us and other health plans under medicare as described in this report.
as discussed above, it is reasonably possible that the health care reform law and related regulations, as well as future legislative changes, including legislative restrictions on our ability to manage our provider network or otherwise operate our business, or regulatory restrictions on profitability, including by comparison of our medicare advantage profitability to our non-medicare advantage business profitability and a requirement that they remain within certain ranges of each other, in the aggregate may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations (including restricting revenue, enrollment and premium growth in certain products and market segments, restricting our ability to expand into new markets, increasing our medical and operating costs, further lowering our medicare payment rates and increasing our expenses associated with the non-deductible health insurance industry fee and other assessments); our financial position (including our ability to maintain the value of our goodwill); and our cash flows (including the receipt of amounts due under the commercial risk adjustment, risk corridor, and reinsurance provisions of the health care reform law in 2015 related to claims paid in 2014, which payments may be subject to federal administrative action).
we intend for the discussion of our financial condition and results of operations that follows to assist in the understanding of our financial statements and related changes in certain key items in those financial statements from year to year, including the primary factors that accounted for those changes. transactions between reportable segments primarily consist of sales of services rendered by our healthcare services segment, primarily pharmacy, provider, and behavioral health services, to our retail and employer group customers and are described in note 17 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data.
44
comparison of results of operations for 2014 and 2013
certain financial data on a consolidated basis and for our segments was as follows for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013:
consolidated change
2014                        2013                     dollars           percentage
(dollars in millions, except percommon share results)
revenues:
premiums:
retail                                      $33,954                     $27,204                      $6,750                24.8       %
employer group                               11,935                      10,930                       1,005                 9.2       %
other businesses                                 70                         695                        (625      )        (89.9      )%
total premiums                               45,959                      38,829                       7,130                18.4       %
services:
retail                                           39                          16                          23               143.8       %
employer group                                  362                         359                           3                 0.8       %
healthcare services                           1,282                       1,280                           2                 0.2       %
other businesses                                481                         454                          27                 5.9       %
total services                                2,164                       2,109                          55                 2.6       %
investment income                               377                         375                           2                 0.5       %
total revenues                               48,500                      41,313                       7,187                17.4       %
operating expenses:
benefits                                     38,166                      32,564                       5,602                17.2       %
operating costs                               7,639                       6,355                       1,284                20.2       %
depreciation and amortization                   333                         333                           -                   -       %
total operating expenses                     46,138                      39,252                       6,886                17.5       %
income from operations                        2,362                       2,061                         301                14.6       %
interest expense                                192                         140                          52                37.1       %
income before income taxes                    2,170                       1,921                         249                13.0       %
provision for income taxes                    1,023                         690                         333                48.3       %
net income                                   $1,147                      $1,231                        $(84      )         (6.8      )%
diluted earnings per common share             $7.36                       $7.73                      $(0.37      )         (4.8      )%
benefit ratio (a)                              83.0      %                 83.9      %                                     (0.9      )%
operating cost ratio (b)                       15.9      %                 15.5      %                                      0.4       %
effective tax rate                             47.2      %                 35.9      %                                     11.3       %
(a)   represents total benefits expense as a percentage of premiums revenue.
(b)   represents total operating costs as a percentage of total revenues less investment income.
summary net income was $1.1 billion, or $7.36 per diluted common share, in 2014 compared to $1.2 billion, or $7.73 per diluted common share, in 2013. net income for 2014 includes expenses of $0.15 per diluted common share associated with a loss on extinguishment of debt for the redemption of certain senior notes in 2014 and net income for 2013
45
includes benefits expense of $0.99 per diluted common share for reserve strengthening associated with our closed-block of long-term care insurance policies included with other businesses as discussed in note 18 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data as well as the benefit of a reduction in benefits expense in 2013 related to a favorable settlement of contract claims with the dod. excluding these items, the increase in net income primarily resulted from higher pretax income in our healthcare services segment substantially offset by lower pretax income in our retail and employer group segments. in addition, 2014 was favorably impacted by a lower number of shares used to compute diluted earnings per common share reflecting the impact of share repurchases.
premiums revenue consolidated premiums increased $7.1 billion, or 18.4%, from 2013 to $46.0 billion for 2014 primarily due to increases in both retail and employer group segment premiums mainly driven by higher average individual and group medicare advantage membership as well as higher individual commercial medical membership. in addition, year-over-year comparisons to the 2013 were negatively impacted by sequestration which became effective april 1, 2013. premiums revenue for our other businesses declined primarily due to the loss of our puerto rico medicaid contracts effective september 30, 2013. average membership is calculated by summing the ending membership for each month in a period and dividing the result by the number of months in a period. premiums revenue reflects changes in membership and average per member premiums. items impacting average per member premiums include changes in premium rates as well as changes in the geographic mix of membership, the mix of product offerings, and the mix of benefit plans selected by our membership.
services revenue consolidated services revenue increased $55 million, or 2.6%, from 2013 to $2.2 billion for 2014 primarily due to an increase in services revenue in our retail segment due to the acquisition of american eldercare in september 2013.
investment income investment income totaled $377 million for 2014, an increase of $2 million from 2013, as higher average invested balances were partially offset by lower interest rates.
benefits expense consolidated benefits expense was $38.2 billion for 2014, an increase of $5.6 billion, or 17.2%, from 2013 primarily due to increases in both the retail and employer group segments mainly driven by higher average individual and group medicare advantage membership as well as higher individual commercial medical membership. as more fully described herein under the section entitled "benefits expense recognition", actuarial standards require the use of assumptions based on moderately adverse experience, which generally results in favorable reserve development, or reserves that are considered redundant. we experienced favorable medical claims reserve development related to prior fiscal years of $518 million in 2014 and $474 million in 2013. these increases in favorable medical claims reserve development primarily resulted from increased membership and better than originally expected utilization across most of our major business lines and increased financial recoveries. the increase in financial recoveries primarily resulted from claim audit process enhancements as well as increased volume of claim audits and expanded audit scope. all lines of business benefited from these improvements.
the consolidated benefit ratio for 2014 was 83.0%, a decrease of 90 basis points from 2013 primarily due to reserve strengthening in 2013 associated with our closed-block of long-term care insurance policies included with other businesses as discussed above, as well as the loss of our medicaid contracts in puerto rico effective september 30, 2013 which more than offset higher ratios year-over-year in the retail and employer group segments.
46
operating costs our segments incur both direct and shared indirect operating costs. we allocate the indirect costs shared by the segments primarily as a function of revenues. as a result, the profitability of each segment is interdependent.
consolidated operating costs increased $1,284 million, or 20.2%, in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to costs mandated by the health care reform law, including the non-deductible health insurance industry fee, and investments in health care exchanges and state-based contracts, partially offset by operating cost efficiencies.
the consolidated operating cost ratio for 2014 was 15.9%, increasing 40 basis points from 2013 primarily due to increases in the operating cost ratios in our retail and employer group segments due to the same factors impacting consolidated operating costs as described above.
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization for 2014 totaled $333 million, unchanged from 2013.
interest expense interest expense was $192 million for 2014 compared to $140 million for 2013, an increase of $52 million, or 37.1%. in september 2014, we issued $400 million of 2.625% senior notes due october 1, 2019, $600 million of 3.85% senior notes due october 1, 2024 and $750 million of 4.95% senior notes due october 1, 2044. in october 2014, we redeemed the $500 million 6.45% senior unsecured notes due june 1, 2016, at 100% of the principal amount plus applicable premium for early redemption and accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. we recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt, included in interest expense, of approximately $37 million in connection with the redemption of these notes.
income taxes our effective tax rate during 2014 was 47.2% compared to the effective tax rate of 35.9% in 2013. the non-deductible nature of the health insurance industry fee levied on the insurance industry beginning in 2014 as mandated by the health care reform law increased our effective tax rate by approximately 9.4 percentage points for 2014. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data for a complete reconciliation of the federal statutory rate to the effective tax rate.
47
retail segment change
2014                2013                        members           percentage membership:
medical membership:
individual medicare advantage             2,446,200           2,068,700         377,500               18.2       %
medicare stand-alone pdp                  3,989,500           3,271,700         717,800               21.9       %
total retail medicare                     6,435,700           5,340,400       1,095,300               20.5       %
individual commercial (a)                 1,148,100             600,100         548,000               91.3       %
state-based medicaid                        298,500              85,500         213,000              249.1       %
total retail medical members              7,882,300           6,026,000       1,856,300               30.8       %
individual specialty membership (b)       1,165,800           1,042,500         123,300               11.8       %
(a)   individual commercial medical membership includes medicare supplement members.
(b)   specialty products include dental, vision, and other supplemental health and financial protection products. members included in these products may not be unique to each product since members have the ability to enroll in multiple products.
change
2014                2013              dollars           percentage
(in millions)
premiums and services revenue:
premiums:
individual medicare advantage               $25,941             $22,481              $3,460              15.4       %
medicare stand-alone pdp                      3,396               3,025                 371              12.3       %
total retail medicare                        29,337              25,506               3,831              15.0       %
individual commercial                         3,265               1,160               2,105             181.5       %
state-based medicaid                          1,096                 328                 768             234.1       %
individual specialty                            256                 210                  46              21.9       %
total premiums                               33,954              27,204               6,750              24.8       %
services                                         39                  16                  23             143.8       %
total premiums and services revenue         $33,993             $27,220              $6,773              24.9       %
income before income taxes                   $1,098              $1,283               $(185    )        (14.4      )%
benefit ratio                                  84.3   %            84.2   %                               0.1       %
operating cost ratio                           12.4   %            10.9   %                               1.5       %
pretax results
•   retail segment pretax income was $1.1 billion in 2014, a decrease of $185 million, or 14.4%, compared to 2013 primarily driven by investment spending for health care exchanges and state-based contracts and higher specialty prescription drug costs associated with a new treatment for hepatitis c, partially offset by medicare advantage and individual commercial medical membership growth as well as increased membership in our clinical programs.
enrollment
•   individual medicare advantage membership increased 377,500 members, or 18.2%, from december 31, 2013 to december 31, 2014 reflecting net membership additions, particularly for our hmo offerings, for the 2014
48
plan year as well as dual eligible members from state-based contracts in virginia and illinois. individual medicare advantage membership at december 31, 2014 includes 18,300 dual eligible members from state-based contracts.
•   medicare stand-alone pdp membership increased 717,800 members, or 21.9%, from december 31, 2013 to december 31, 2014 reflecting net membership additions, primarily for our humana-walmart plan offering, for the 2014 plan year.
•   individual commercial medical membership increased 548,000 members, or 91.3%, from december 31, 2013 to december 31, 2014 primarily reflecting new sales, both on-exchange and off-exchange, of plans compliant with the health care reform law.
•   state-based medicaid membership increased 213,000 members, or 249.1%, from december 31, 2013 to december 31, 2014 primarily driven by the addition of members under our florida medicaid and florida long-term support services contracts.
•   individual specialty membership increased 123,300 members, or 11.8%, from december 31, 2013 to december 31, 2014 primarily driven by increased membership in dental and vision offerings.
premiums revenue
•   retail segment premiums increased $6.8 billion, or 24.8%, from 2013 to 2014 primarily due to membership growth across all lines of business, particularly for our individual medicare advantage, individual commercial medical, primarily on the health care exchanges, and state-based medicaid businesses. individual medicare advantage average membership increased 17.0% in 2014. individual medicare advantage per member premiums decreased approximately 1.4% in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to medicare rate reductions and the impact of sequestration which became effective on april 1, 2013.
benefits expense
•   the retail segment benefit ratio of 84.3% for 2014 increased 10 basis points from 2013 primarily due to higher specialty prescription drug costs associated with a new treatment for hepatitis c, higher planned clinical investment spending, and higher benefit ratios associated with members from state-based contracts, partially offset by increased membership in our clinical programs and the inclusion of the health insurance industry fee in the pricing of our products.
•   the retail segment's benefits expense for 2014 included the beneficial effect of $385 million in favorable prior-year medical claims reserve development versus $332 million in 2013. this favorable prior-year medical claims reserve development decreased the retail segment benefit ratio by approximately 110 basis points in 2014 versus approximately 120 basis points in 2013.
operating costs
•   the retail segment operating cost ratio of 12.4% for 2014 increased 150 basis points from 2013 primarily due to the non-deductible health insurance industry fee mandated by the health care reform law and investment spending for health care exchanges and state-based contracts, partially offset by scale efficiencies from medicare and individual commercial medical membership growth.
49
employer group segment change
2014                2013                           members           percentage membership:
medical membership:
group medicare advantage               489,700             429,100             60,600               14.1   %
group medicare stand-alone pdp           4,500               4,200                300                7.1   %
total group medicare                   494,200             433,300             60,900               14.1   %
fully-insured commercial group       1,235,500           1,237,000             (1,500   )           (0.1   )%
aso                                  1,104,300           1,162,800            (58,500   )           (5.0   )%
total group medical members          2,834,000           2,833,100                900                  -   %
group specialty membership (a)       6,502,700           6,780,800           (278,100   )           (4.1   )%
(a)   specialty products include dental, vision, and other supplemental health and voluntary benefit products. members included in these products may not be unique to each product since members have the ability to enroll in multiple products.
change
2014                2013              dollars           percentage
(in millions)
premiums and services revenue:
premiums:
group medicare advantage                     $5,490              $4,710                $780              16.6       %
group medicare stand-alone pdp                    8                   8                   -                 -       %
total group medicare                          5,498               4,718                 780              16.5       %
fully-insured commercial group                5,339               5,117                 222               4.3       %
group specialty                               1,098               1,095                   3               0.3       %
total premiums                               11,935              10,930               1,005               9.2       %
services                                        362                 359                   3               0.8       %
total premiums and services revenue         $12,297             $11,289              $1,008               8.9       %
income before income taxes                     $314                $350                $(36    )        (10.3      )%
benefit ratio                                  83.9   %            83.5   %                               0.4       %
operating cost ratio                           16.1   %            15.9   %                               0.2       %
pretax results
•   employer group segment pretax income decreased $36 million, or 10.3%, to $314 million in 2014 primarily reflecting higher utilization, mainly due to higher specialty prescription drug costs associated with a new treatment for hepatitis c, as well as the continuing impact of transitional policy changes which allowed individuals to remain in plans not compliant with the health care reform law.
enrollment
•   fully-insured group medicare advantage membership increased 60,600 members, or 14.1%, from december 31, 2013 to december 31, 2014 primarily due to the addition of a new large group account.
•   fully-insured commercial group medical membership decreased 1,500 members, or 0.1% from december 31, 2013 as an increase in small group business membership was generally offset by lower membership in large
50
group accounts. approximately 65% of our fully-insured commercial group medical membership was in small group accounts at december 31, 2014 compared to 61% at december 31, 2013.
•   group aso commercial medical membership decreased 58,500 members, or 5.0%, from december 31, 2013 to december 31, 2014 primarily due to continued pricing discipline in a highly competitive environment for self-funded accounts. we expect our group aso commercial medical membership to decline by approximately 400,000 to 425,000 members january 1, 2015 primarily due to the loss of a few large group accounts.
•   group specialty membership decreased 278,100 members, or 4.1%, from december 31, 2013 to december 31, 2014 primarily due to declines in dental and vision membership related to our planned discontinuance of certain unprofitable product distribution partnerships.
premiums revenue
•   employer group segment premiums increased $1.0 billion, or 9.2%, from 2013 to 2014 primarily due to higher average group medicare advantage membership as well as an increase in fully-insured commercial group medical premiums per member that more than offset a slight decline in total membership for this segment.
benefits expense
•   the employer group segment benefit ratio increased 40 basis points from 83.5% in 2013 to 83.9% in 2014 primarily due to higher utilization, mainly due to higher specialty prescription drug costs associated with a new treatment for hepatitis c, as well as the continuing impact of transitional policy changes, partially offset by the inclusion of the health insurance industry fee and other fees mandated by the health care reform law in our pricing.
•   the employer group segment's benefits expense included the beneficial effect of $132 million in favorable prior-year medical claims reserve development versus $138 million in 2013. this favorable prior-year medical claims reserve development decreased the employer group segment benefit ratio by approximately110 basis points in 2014 versus approximately 130 basis points in 2013.
operating costs
•   the employer group segment operating cost ratio of 16.1% increased 20 basis points from 2013. this increase primarily reflects the impact of the non-deductible health insurance industry fee and other fees mandated by the health care reform law as well as a higher percentage of small group commercial business which carries a higher operating cost ratio than large group business. these increases were partially offset by an increase in group medicare advantage membership which generally carries a lower operating cost ratio than our commercial group medical membership as well as operating cost efficiencies.
51
healthcare services segment change
2014                2013              dollars            percentage
(in millions)
revenues:
services:
provider services                                 $1,076              $1,125                $(49    )          (4.4   )%
home based services                                  107                  94                  13               13.8   %
pharmacy solutions                                    99                  59                  40               67.8   %
integrated behavioral health services                  -                   2                  (2    )        (100.0   )%
total services revenues                            1,282               1,280                   2                0.2   %
intersegment revenues:
pharmacy solutions                                16,905              13,079               3,826               29.3   %
provider services                                  1,110               1,080                  30                2.8   %
home based services                                  585                 326                 259               79.4   %
integrated behavioral health services                133                 126                   7                5.6   %
total intersegment revenues                       18,733              14,611               4,122               28.2   %
total services and intersegment revenues         $20,015             $15,891              $4,124               26.0   %
income before income taxes                          $739                $521                $218               41.8   %
operating cost ratio                                95.5   %            95.8   %                               (0.3   )%
pretax results
•   healthcare services segment pretax income of $739 million for 2014 increased $218 million from 2013. the increase is primarily due to a decline in the operating cost ratio in 2014 on a revenue base that reflects growth from our pharmacy solutions and home based services businesses as they serve our growing medicare membership.
script volume
•   humana pharmacy solutions® script volumes for the retail and employer group segment membership increased to approximately 329 million in 2014, up 20% versus scripts of approximately 274 million in 2013. the increase primarily reflects growth associated with higher average medical membership for 2014 than in 2013.
services revenue
•   services revenue for 2014 were relatively unchanged from 2013, increasing $2 million, or 0.2% , to $1.3 billion for 2014.
intersegment revenues
•   intersegment revenues increased $4.1 billion, or 28.2%, from 2013 to $18.7 billion for 2014 primarily due to growth in our medicare membership which resulted in higher utilization of our pharmacy solutions and home based services businesses.
52
operating costs
•   the healthcare services segment operating cost ratio of 95.5% for 2014 decreased 30 basis points from 95.8% for 2013 primarily due to an improvement in the ratio for our pharmacy solutions business partially offset by our investment in home based services and other businesses across the segment.
other businesses our other businesses pretax income of $78 million for 2014 compared to a pretax loss of $193 million for 2013. the pretax loss in 2013 included net expense of $243 million for reserve strengthening for our closed-block of long-term care insurance policies further discussed in note 18 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data. in addition, from time to time, we evaluate alternatives for our businesses that do not meet our strategic, growth or profitability objectives. among the businesses that we are currently evaluating is our closed block of long-term care insurance policies business.  while no decision has been made with respect to any course of action, if we were to divest this business it is reasonably likely that we would have to recognize a material loss that will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. year-over-year comparisons also reflect the loss of our medicaid contracts in puerto rico effective september 30, 2013 as well as a reduction in benefits expense in 2013 related to a favorable settlement of contract claims with the dod associated with previously disclosed litigation.
53
comparison of results of operations for 2013 and 2012
certain financial data on a consolidated basis and for our segments was as follows for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012:
consolidated change
2013                        2012                     dollars           percentage
(dollars in millions, except percommon share results)
revenues:
premiums:
retail                                      $27,204                     $25,001                      $2,203                 8.8   %
employer group                               10,930                      10,138                         792                 7.8   %
other businesses                                695                       1,870                      (1,175      )        (62.8   )%
total premiums                               38,829                      37,009                       1,820                 4.9   %
services:
retail                                           16                          24                          (8      )        (33.3   )%
employer group                                  359                         371                         (12      )         (3.2   )%
healthcare services                           1,280                       1,023                         257                25.1   %
other businesses                                454                         308                         146                47.4   %
total services                                2,109                       1,726                         383                22.2   %
investment income                               375                         391                         (16      )         (4.1   )%
total revenues                               41,313                      39,126                       2,187                 5.6   %
operating expenses:
benefits                                     32,564                      30,985                       1,579                 5.1   %
operating costs                               6,355                       5,830                         525                 9.0   %
depreciation and amortization                   333                         295                          38                12.9   %
total operating expenses                     39,252                      37,110                       2,142                 5.8   %
income from operations                        2,061                       2,016                          45                 2.2   %
interest expense                                140                         105                          35                33.3   %
income before income taxes                    1,921                       1,911                          10                 0.5   %
provision for income taxes                      690                         689                           1                 0.1   %
net income                                   $1,231                      $1,222                          $9                 0.7   %
diluted earnings per common share             $7.73                       $7.47                       $0.26                 3.5   %
benefit ratio (a)                              83.9      %                 83.7      %                                      0.2   %
operating cost ratio (b)                       15.5      %                 15.1      %                                      0.4   %
effective tax rate                             35.9      %                 36.1      %                                     (0.2   )%
(a)   represents total benefits expense as a percentage of premiums revenue.
(b)   represents total operating costs as a percentage of total revenues less investment income.
summary net income was $1.2 billion, or $7.73 per diluted common share, in 2013 compared to $1.2 billion, or $7.47 per diluted common share, in 2012. the increase in net income primarily was driven by improved operating performance across most of our major business lines, including medicare advantage membership growth in our retail and employer
54
group segments. these increases were partially offset by benefits expense of $0.99 per diluted common share in 2013 for reserve strengthening associated with our closed-block of long-term care insurance policies included with other businesses as discussed in note 18 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data. year-over-year comparisons of diluted earnings per common share are favorably impacted by a lower number of shares used to compute diluted earnings per common share in 2013 reflecting the impact of share repurchases.
premiums revenue consolidated premiums increased $1.8 billion, or 4.9%, from 2012 to $38.8 billion for 2013 primarily due to increases in both retail and employer group segment premiums mainly driven by higher average individual and group medicare advantage membership, partially offset by the impact of sequestration which became effective april 1, 2013 as well as a decline in premiums for other businesses. the decline in premiums for other businesses primarily reflects the transition to the current tricare south region contract effective april 1, 2012, and the termination of the puerto rico medicaid contracts effective september 30, 2013. as discussed in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data, on april 1, 2012, we began delivering services under the current tricare south region contract that the dha awarded to us on february 25, 2011. we account for revenues under the current contract net of estimated healthcare costs similar to an administrative services fee only agreement, and as such there are no premiums recognized under the current contract. our previous contract was accounted for similar to our fully-insured products and as such we recognized premiums under the previous contract.
services revenue consolidated services revenue increased $383 million, or 22.2%, from 2012 to $2.1 billion for 2013 primarily due to an increase in services revenue in our healthcare services segment and an increase in services revenue for our other businesses due to the transition to the current tricare south region contract on april 1, 2012. the increase in services revenue in our healthcare services segment primarily resulted from the acquisitions of metropolitan on december 21, 2012 and seniorbridge on july 6, 2012, and growth in our provider services operations.
investment income investment income totaled $375 million for 2013, a decrease of $16 million from 2012, as higher average invested balances were more than offset by lower interest rates and lower net realized capital gains year-over-year.
benefits expense consolidated benefits expense was $32.6 billion for 2013, an increase of $1.6 billion, or 5.1%, from 2012 primarily due to a year-over-year increase in the retail and employer group segments benefits expense, mainly driven by an increase in the average number of medicare members, partially offset by a decrease in benefits expense for other businesses in 2013. the decrease in benefits expense for other businesses primarily was due to the transition to the current administrative services only tricare south region contract on april 1, 2012 and the termination of the puerto rico medicaid contracts effective september 30, 2013. we do not record benefits expense under the current tricare south region contract. our previous contract was accounted for similarly to our fully-insured products and as such we recorded benefits expense under the previous contract. retail segment benefits expense increased $1.9 billion, or 8.9%, from 2012 to 2013 primarily due to membership growth. as more fully described herein under the section entitled "benefits expense recognition", actuarial standards require the use of assumptions based on moderately adverse experience, which generally results in favorable reserve development, or reserves that are considered redundant. we experienced favorable medical claims reserve development related to prior fiscal years of $474 million in 2013 and $257 million in 2012. these increases in favorable medical claims reserve development primarily resulted from claims trend for the prior year ultimately developing more favorably than originally expected across most of our major business lines and increased financial recoveries. the increase in financial recoveries primarily resulted from claim audit process enhancements as well as increased volume of claim audits and expanded audit scope.
the consolidated benefit ratio for 2013 was 83.9%, an increase of 20 basis points from 2012 primarily due to reserve strengthening associated with our closed-block of long-term care insurance policies included with other
55
businesses as discussed above, partially offset by the increase in favorable prior-year medical claims reserve development of $217 million from 2012 to 2013.
operating costs our segments incur both direct and shared indirect operating costs. we allocate the indirect costs shared by the segments primarily as a function of revenues. as a result, the profitability of each segment is interdependent.
consolidated operating costs increased $525 million, or 9.0%, in 2013 compared to 2012 primarily due to an increase in operating costs in our retail and healthcare services segments. the increase in the retail segment primarily reflects investment spending for exchanges under the health care reform law and new state-based contracts as well as increased marketing spending for medicare.
the consolidated operating cost ratio for 2013 was 15.5%, increasing 40 basis points from 2012. the impact of the current tricare south region contract being accounted for as an administrative services fee only arrangement beginning april 1, 2012 was partially offset by improved operating leverage in our retail and employer group segments.
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization for 2013 totaled $333 million, an increase of $38 million, or 12.9%, from 2012 primarily due to capital expenditures and depreciation and amortization associated with 2012 and 2013 acquisitions.
interest expense interest expense was $140 million for 2013 compared to $105 million for 2012, an increase of $35 million, or 33.3%. in december 2012, we issued $600 million of 3.15% senior notes due december 1, 2022 and $400 million of 4.625% senior notes due december 1, 2042.
income taxes our effective tax rate during 2013 was 35.9% compared to the effective tax rate of 36.1% in 2012. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data for a complete reconciliation of the federal statutory rate to the effective tax rate.
retail segment change
2013                2012                      members           percentage membership:
medical membership:
individual medicare advantage             2,068,700           1,927,600       141,100                7.3       %
medicare stand-alone pdp                  3,271,700           3,052,700       219,000                7.2       %
total retail medicare                     5,340,400           4,980,300       360,100                7.2       %
individual commercial                       600,100             521,400        78,700               15.1       %
state-based medicaid                         85,500              52,100        33,400               64.1       %
total retail medical members              6,026,000           5,553,800       472,200                8.5       %
individual specialty membership (a)       1,042,500             948,700        93,800                9.9       %
(a)   specialty products include dental, vision, and other supplemental health and financial protection products. members included in these products may not be unique to each product since members have the ability to enroll in multiple products.
56
change
2013                2012              dollars           percentage
(in millions)
premiums and services revenue:
premiums:
individual medicare advantage               $22,481             $20,788              $1,693               8.1   %
medicare stand-alone pdp                      3,025               2,853                 172               6.0   %
total retail medicare                        25,506              23,641               1,865               7.9   %
individual commercial                         1,160               1,004                 156              15.5   %
state-based medicaid                            328                 185                 143              77.3   %
individual specialty                            210                 171                  39              22.8   %
total premiums                               27,204              25,001               2,203               8.8   %
services                                         16                  24                  (8    )        (33.3   )%
total premiums and services revenue         $27,220             $25,025              $2,195               8.8   %
income before income taxes                   $1,283              $1,161                $122              10.5   %
benefit ratio                                  84.2   %            84.2   %                                 -   %
operating cost ratio                           10.9   %            11.1   %                              (0.2   )%
pretax results
•   retail segment pretax income was $1.3 billion in 2013, an increase of $122 million, or 10.5%, compared to 2012 primarily reflecting improved operating performance over the prior year. the improved operating performance primarily was driven by membership growth as well as a decrease in the operating cost ratio.
enrollment
•   individual medicare advantage membership increased 141,100 members, or 7.3%, from december 31, 2012 to december 31, 2013 reflecting net membership additions for the 2013 enrollment season and sales to newly-eligible medicare beneficiaries throughout the year. effective january 1, 2013, we divested approximately 12,600 members acquired with arcadian management services, inc. in accordance with our previously disclosed agreement with the united states department of justice.
•   medicare stand-alone pdp membership increased 219,000 members, or 7.2%, from december 31, 2012 to december 31, 2013 reflecting net membership additions, primarily for our humana-walmart plan offering, for the 2013 enrollment season.
•   individual commercial medical membership increased 78,700 members, or 15.1%, from december 31, 2012 to december 31, 2013 primarily reflecting net new sales in 2013. on october 1, 2013, the initial open enrollment period began for plans effective january 1, 2014 offered through federally facilitated, federal-state partnerships or state-based exchanges for individuals and small employers (with up to 100 employees), including certain metropolitan areas in the 14 states where humana has public exchange offerings.
•   state-based medicaid membership increased 33,400 members, or 64.1%, from december 31, 2012 to december 31, 2013, primarily driven by the addition of our kentucky medicaid contract and florida long-term support services contracts, including american eldercare.
•   individual specialty membership increased 93,800 members, or 9.9%, from december 31, 2012 to december 31, 2013 primarily driven by increased membership in dental and vision offerings.
premiums revenue
•   retail segment premiums increased $2.2 billion, or 8.8%, from 2012 to 2013 primarily due to a 7.6% increase in average individual medicare advantage membership in 2013. individual medicare advantage per member
57
premiums increased approximately 0.5% in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily reflecting the impact of sequestration which became effective on april 1, 2013.
benefits expense
•   the retail segment benefit ratio of 84.2% for 2013 was comparable to that of 2012. the retail segment's benefits expense for 2013 included the beneficial effect of $332 million in favorable prior-year medical claims reserve development versus $192 million in 2012. this change in favorable prior-year medical claims reserve development primarily was driven by claims trend for the prior year ultimately developing more favorably than originally expected and increased financial recoveries. the increase in financial recoveries primarily resulted from claim audit process enhancements as well as increased volume of claim audits and expanded audit scope. this favorable prior-year medical claims reserve development decreased the retail segment benefit ratio by approximately 130 basis points in 2013 versus approximately 80 basis points in 2012.
operating costs
•   the retail segment operating cost ratio of 10.9% for 2013 decreased 20 basis points from 2012. this decrease reflects scale efficiencies associated with servicing higher year-over-year membership together with our continued focus on operating cost efficiencies, partially offset by investment spending for exchanges under the health care reform law and new state-based contracts as well as increased medicare marketing spending.
employer group segment change
2013                2012                       members            percentage membership:
medical membership:
fully-insured commercial group       1,237,000           1,211,800         25,200                 2.1   %
aso                                  1,162,800           1,237,700        (74,900   )            (6.1   )%
group medicare advantage               429,100             370,800         58,300                15.7   %
medicare advantage aso                       -              27,700        (27,700   )          (100.0   )%
total group medicare advantage         429,100             398,500         30,600                 7.7   %
group medicare stand-alone pdp           4,200               4,400           (200   )            (4.5   )%
total group medicare                   433,300             402,900         30,400                 7.5   %
total group medical members          2,833,100           2,852,400        (19,300   )            (0.7   )%
group specialty membership (a)       6,780,800           7,136,200       (355,400   )            (5.0   )%
(a)   specialty products include dental, vision, and other supplemental health and voluntary benefit products. members included in these products may not be unique to each product since members have the ability to enroll in multiple products.
58
change
2013                2012            dollars           percentage
(in millions)
premiums and services revenue:
premiums:
fully-insured commercial group               $5,117              $4,996              $121               2.4   %
group medicare advantage                      4,710               4,064               646              15.9   %
group medicare stand-alone pdp                    8                   8                 -                 -   %
total group medicare                          4,718               4,072               646              15.9   %
group specialty                               1,095               1,070                25               2.3   %
total premiums                               10,930              10,138               792               7.8   %
services                                        359                 371               (12    )         (3.2   )%
total premiums and services revenue         $11,289             $10,509              $780               7.4   %
income before income taxes                     $350                $312               $38              12.2   %
benefit ratio                                  83.5   %            83.6   %                            (0.1   )%
operating cost ratio                           15.9   %            16.2   %                            (0.3   )%
pretax results
•   employer group segment pretax income increased $38 million, or 12.2%, to $350 million in 2013 reflecting improved operating performance primarily due to group medicare advantage membership growth and lower benefit and operating cost ratios, as described below.
enrollment
•   fully-insured commercial group medical membership increased 25,200 members, or 2.1% from december 31, 2012 as higher small group business membership was partially offset by lower membership in large group accounts. approximately 61% of our fully-insured commercial group medical membership was in small group accounts at december 31, 2013 compared to 59% at december 31, 2012.
•   fully-insured group medicare advantage membership increased 58,300 members, or 15.7%, from december 31, 2012 to december 31, 2013 primarily due to the january 2013 addition of a new large group retirement account.
•   effective january 1, 2013 we lost our sole group medicare advantage aso account which had 27,700 members at december 31, 2012.
•   group aso commercial medical membership decreased 74,900 members, or 6.1%, from december 31, 2012 to december 31, 2013 primarily due to continued pricing discipline in a highly competitive environment for self-funded accounts.
•   group specialty membership decreased 355,400 members, or 5.0%, from december 31, 2012 to december 31, 2013 primarily due to a decline in vision membership related to our planned discontinuance of certain unprofitable product distribution partnerships.
premiums revenue
•   employer group segment premiums increased $792 million, or 7.8%, from 2012 to 2013 primarily due to higher average group medicare advantage medical membership.
benefits expense
•   the employer group segment benefit ratio decreased 10 basis points from 83.6% in 2012 to 83.5% in 2013 primarily due to higher favorable prior-year medical claims reserve development, partially offset by growth
59
in our group medicare advantage products which generally carry a higher benefit ratio than our fully-insured commercial group products. the employer group segment's benefits expense included the beneficial effect of $138 million in favorable prior-year medical claims reserve development versus $48 million in 2012. the change in favorable prior-year medical claims reserve development from 2012 to 2013 primarily was driven by claims trend for the prior year ultimately developing more favorably than originally expected and increased financial recoveries. the increase in financial recoveries primarily resulted from claim audit process enhancements as well as increased volume of claim audits and expanded audit scope. this favorable prior-year medical claims reserve development decreased the employer group segment benefit ratio by approximately 130 basis points in 2013 versus approximately 50 basis points in 2012.
operating costs
•   the employer group segment operating cost ratio of 15.9% decreased 30 basis points from 2012. this decrease primarily reflects continued savings as a result of our operating cost reduction initiatives and growth in our group medicare advantage products which generally carry a lower operating cost ratio than our fully-insured commercial group products, partially offset by investment spending in technology capabilities.
healthcare services segment change
2013                2012              dollars           percentage
(in millions)
revenues:
services:
provider services                                 $1,125                $966                $159              16.5   %
home based services                                   94                  40                  54             135.0   %
pharmacy solutions                                    59                  16                  43             268.8   %
integrated behavioral health services                  2                   1                   1             100.0   %
total services revenues                            1,280               1,023                 257              25.1   %
intersegment revenues:
pharmacy solutions                                13,079              11,352               1,727              15.2   %
provider services                                  1,080                 370                 710             191.9   %
home based services                                  326                 167                 159              95.2   %
integrated behavioral health services                126                 133                  (7    )         (5.3   )%
total intersegment revenues                       14,611              12,022               2,589              21.5   %
total services and intersegment revenues         $15,891             $13,045              $2,846              21.8   %
income before income taxes                          $521                $428                 $93              21.7   %
operating cost ratio                                95.8   %            96.1   %                              (0.3   )%
pretax results
•   healthcare services segment pretax income of $521 million for 2013 increased $93 million from 2012 as revenue growth and the pretax income contribution from our home based services and pharmacy solutions businesses, as well as the acquisition of metropolitan, were partially offset by previously-planned investment spending associated with the integration and build-out of provider practices. the growth in pretax income associated with our home based services business reflects the increase in home health services provided to our medicare advantage members.
script volume
•   humana pharmacy solutions® script volumes for the retail and employer group segment membership increased to approximately 274 million in 2013, up 15% versus scripts of approximately 238 million in 2012.
60
the increase primarily reflects growth associated with higher average medical membership for 2013 than in 2012.
services revenue
•   services revenue increased $257 million or 25.1% from 2012 to $1.3 billion for 2013 primarily due to the acquisitions of metropolitan and seniorbridge as well as growth in our provider services operations.
intersegment revenues
•   intersegment revenues increased $2.6 billion, or 21.5%, from 2012 to $14.6 billion for 2013 primarily due to growth in our pharmacy solutions business as it serves our growing membership, particularly medicare stand-alone pdp, and the acquisition of metropolitan in the fourth quarter of 2012.
operating costs
•   the healthcare services segment operating cost ratio of 95.8% for 2013 decreased 30 basis points from 96.1% for 2012 primarily due to scale efficiencies associated with growth in our pharmacy solutions business.
other businesses our other businesses pretax loss of $193 million for 2013 compared to a pretax loss of $18 million for 2012. the pretax losses in 2013 and 2012 included net expense of $243 million and $29 million, respectively, for reserve strengthening for our closed-block of long-term care insurance policies further discussed in note 18 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data. in addition, 2013 reflects the loss of our medicaid contracts in puerto rico effective september 30, 2013 offset by the beneficial effect of a favorable settlement of contract claims with the dod primarily associated with litigation settled in 2012.
liquidity our primary sources of cash include receipts of premiums, services revenue, and investment and other income, as well as proceeds from the sale or maturity of our investment securities and borrowings. our primary uses of cash include disbursements for claims payments, operating costs, interest on borrowings, taxes, purchases of investment securities, acquisitions, capital expenditures, repayments on borrowings, dividends, and share repurchases. because premiums generally are collected in advance of claim payments by a period of up to several months, our business normally should produce positive cash flows during periods of increasing premiums and enrollment. conversely, cash flows would be negatively impacted during periods of decreasing premiums and enrollment. from period to period, our cash flows may also be affected by the timing of working capital items including taxes and assessments. the use of operating cash flows may be limited by regulatory requirements which require, among other items, that our regulated subsidiaries maintain minimum levels of capital and seek approval before paying dividends from the subsidiaries to the parent. our use of operating cash flows derived from our non-insurance subsidiaries, such as in our healthcare services segment, is generally not restricted by departments of insurance.
for 2014, the effect of the commercial risk adjustment, risk corridor, and reinsurance provisions of the health care reform law, commonly referred to as the 3rs, impacted the timing of our operating cash flows, as we built a receivable in 2014 that is expected to be collected in 2015. the net receivable balance associated with the 3rs was $679 million at december 31, 2014. in addition, our 2014 financing cash flows have been negatively impacted by the timing of payments to and receipts from cms associated with medicare part d reinsurance subsidies for which we do not assume risk. we are experiencing higher specialty prescription drug costs associated with a new treatment for hepatitis c than were contemplated in our bids which resulted in higher reinsurance subsidy receivables balances in 2014 that will be settled in 2015 under the terms of our contracts with cms. any amounts receivable or payable associated with these risk limiting programs and cms subsidies may have an impact on regulated subsidiary liquidity, with any temporary shortfalls funded by the parent company.
for additional information on our liquidity risk, please refer to item 1a. - risk factors in this 2014 form 10-k.
61
cash and cash equivalents increased to $1.9 billion at december 31, 2014 from $1.1 billion at december 31, 2013. the change in cash and cash equivalents for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 is summarized as follows:
2014                                                               2013                2012
(in millions)
net cash provided by operating activities             $1,618              $1,716              $1,923
net cash used in investing activities                    (63   )          (1,182   )          (1,965   )
net cash used in financing activities                   (758   )            (702   )             (29   )
increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents        $797               $(168   )            $(71   )
cash flow from operating activities the change in operating cash flows over the three year period primarily results from the corresponding change in earnings, enrollment activity, and the timing of working capital items as discussed below. cash flows were positively impacted by annual medicare enrollment gains because premiums generally are collected in advance of claim payments by a period of up to several months. in addition, 2014 operating cash flows were impacted by lower earnings and increased receivables associated with the 3rs, partially offset by an increase in benefits payable from growth in membership.
comparisons of our operating cash flows also are impacted by other changes in our working capital. the most significant drivers of changes in our working capital are typically the timing of receipts for premiums and payments of benefits expense. we illustrate these changes with the following summaries of receivables and benefits payable.
the detail of total net receivables was as follows at december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012:
change
2014                                                                    2013              2012              2014              2013              2012
(in millions)
medicare                                          $664              $576              $422               $88              $154               $86
commercial and other                               535               405               346               130                59                31
military services                                  106                87                59                19                28              (409   )
allowance for doubtful accounts                   (137   )          (118   )           (94   )           (19   )           (24   )            (9   )
total net receivables                           $1,168              $950              $733               218               217              (301   )
reconciliation to cash flow statement:
provision for doubtful accounts                                                                           32                37                26
receivables from disposition (acquisition)                                                                14                (3   )           (51   )
change in receivables per cash flow                                                                     $264              $251             $(326   )
statement resulting in cash from operations medicare receivables are impacted by revenue growth associated with growth in individual and group medicare membership and the timing of accruals and related collections associated with the cms risk-adjustment model.
the increases in commercial and other receivables in 2014 and 2013 primarily are due to growth in the business. in addition, the increase in commercial and other receivables in 2014 is primarily due to the commercial risk adjustment provision of the health care reform law which became effective in 2014.
military services receivables at december 31, 2014 and 2013 primarily consist of administrative services only fees owed from the federal government for administrative services provided under our current tricare south region contract. the $409 million decrease in military services receivables from december 31, 2011 to december 31, 2012 primarily resulted from the transition to our current tricare south region contract which we account for similar to
62
an administrative services fee only agreement. as such, beginning april 1, 2012, payments of the federal government's claims and related reimbursements for the current tricare south region contract are classified with receipts (withdrawals) from contract deposits as a financing item in our consolidated statements of cash flows.
the detail of benefits payable was as follows at december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012:
change
2014                                                                  2013                2012              2014              2013              2012
(in millions)
ibnr (1)                                    $3,254              $2,586              $2,552              $668               $34              $496
reported claims in process (2)                 475                 381                 315                94                66               (61   )
military services benefits payable (3)           -                   -                   4                 -                (4   )          (335   )
other benefits payable (4)                     746                 926                 908              (180   )            18               (75   )
total benefits payable                      $4,475              $3,893              $3,779               582               114                25
payables from acquisition                                                                                  -                (5   )           (66   )
change in benefits payable per cash                                                                     $582              $109              $(41   )
flow statement resulting in cash from operations
(1)   ibnr represents an estimate of benefits payable for claims incurred but not reported (ibnr) and claims received but not processed at the balance sheet date. the level of ibnr is primarily impacted by membership levels, medical claim trends and the receipt cycle time, which represents the length of time between when a claim is initially incurred and when the claim form is received (i.e. a shorter time span results in a lower ibnr).
(2)   reported claims in process represents the estimated valuation of processed claims that are in the post claim adjudication process, which consists of administrative functions such as audit and check batching and handling, as well as amounts owed to our pharmacy benefit administrator which fluctuate due to bi-weekly payments and the month-end cutoff.
(3)   military services benefits payable primarily represents the run-out of the claims liability associated with our previous tricare south region contract that expired on march 31, 2012. a corresponding receivable for reimbursement by the federal government is included in the military services receivable in the previous receivables table.
(4)   other benefits payable include amounts owed to providers under capitated and risk sharing arrangements.
the increase in benefits payable in 2014 primarily was due to an increase in ibnr, primarily as a result of medicare advantage and individual commercial membership growth, and an increase in the amount of processed but unpaid claims due to our pharmacy benefit administrator, which fluctuate due to month-end cutoff. these items were partially offset by a decrease in amounts owed to providers under capitated and risk sharing arrangements primarily related to the disbursement of a portion of our medicare risk adjustment collections under our contractual obligations associated with our risk sharing arrangements. the increase in benefits payable in 2013 primarily was due to an increase in the amount of processed but unpaid claims due to our pharmacy benefit administrator, which fluctuate due to month-end cutoff, and an increase in ibnr, primarily as a result of medicare advantage membership growth. the increase in benefits payable in 2012 primarily was due to an increase in ibnr, primarily as a result of medicare advantage membership growth, partially offset by a $335 million decrease in the military services benefits payable due to the run-out of claims under the previous tricare south region contract that expired on march 31, 2012, a decrease in the amounts owed to providers under capitated and risk sharing arrangements, and a decrease in the amounts due to our pharmacy benefit administrator which fluctuate due to month-end cutoff. under the current tricare south region contract effective april 1, 2012, the federal government retains the risk of the cost of health benefits and related benefit obligation as further described in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data.
many provisions of the health care reform law became effective in 2014, including the commercial risk adjustment, risk corridor, and reinsurance provisions as well as the non-deductible health insurance industry fee. as discussed previously, the timing of payments and receipts associated with these provisions impacted our operating cash
63
flows as we built a receivable in 2014 that is expected to be collected in 2015. the net receivable balance associated with the 3rs was approximately $679 million at december 31, 2014, including certain amounts recorded in receivables as noted above. in september 2014, we paid the federal government $562 million for the annual health insurance industry fee.
in addition to the timing of receipts for premiums and services revenues, payments of benefits expense, and amounts due under the risk limiting and health insurance industry fee provisions of the health care reform law, other working capital items impacting operating cash flows primarily resulted from the timing of payments for the medicare part d risk corridor provisions of our contracts with cms and changes in the timing of the collection of pharmacy rebates.
cash flow from investing activities our ongoing capital expenditures primarily relate to our information technology initiatives, support of services in our provider services operations including medical and administrative facility improvements necessary for activities such as the provision of care to members, claims processing, billing and collections, wellness solutions, care coordination, regulatory compliance and customer service. total capital expenditures, excluding acquisitions, were $528 million in 2014, $441 million in 2013, and $410 million in 2012. excluding acquisitions, we expect total capital expenditures in 2015 to be in a range of approximately $575 million to $625 million primarily reflecting increased spending associated with growth in our provider services and pharmacy businesses in our healthcare services segment.
proceeds from sales and maturities of investment securities exceeded purchases by $411 million in 2014. these net proceeds were used to fund normal working capital needs due to an increase in receivables in 2014 that will be collected in 2015 associated with the 3rs in addition to the timing of payments to and receipts from cms associated with medicare part d reinsurance subsidies, as discussed below. we reinvested a portion of our operating cash flows in investment securities, primarily investment-grade fixed income securities, totaling $592 million in 2013 and $320 million in 2012.
cash consideration paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired, was $18 million in 2014, $187 million in 2013, and $1.2 billion in 2012. acquisitions in 2014 included health and wellness related acquisitions. cash paid for acquisitions in 2013 primarily related to the american eldercare and other health and wellness related acquisitions. in 2012, acquisitions included metropolitan, arcadian, seniorbridge and other health and wellness and technology related acquisitions.
cash flow from financing activities claims payments were $945 million higher than receipts from cms associated with medicare part d claim subsidies for which we do not assume risk during 2014, $155 million higher during 2013, and $341 million higher during 2012. as discussed previously, our 2014 financing cash flows have been negatively impacted by the timing of payments to and receipts from cms associated with medicare part d claim subsidies for which we do not assume risk. we experienced higher specialty prescription drug costs associated with a new treatment for hepatitis c than were contemplated in our bids which is resulting in higher subsidy receivable balances in 2014 that will be settled in 2015 under the terms of our contracts with cms. our net receivable for cms subsidies and brand name prescription drug discounts was $1.7 billion at december 31, 2014 compared to $713 million at december 31, 2013. refer to note 6 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data.
under our current administrative services only tricare south region contract that began april 1, 2012, reimbursements from the federal government equaled health care cost payments for which we do not assume risk in 2014. health care cost payments were less than reimbursements by $5 million in 2013 and exceeded reimbursements by $56 million in 2012 due to the timing of such receipts. receipts from hhs associated with cost sharing provisions of the health care reform law for which we do not assume risk were $26 million higher than claims payments for the year ended 2014. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data for further description.
we repurchased 5.7 million shares for $730 million in 2014, which excludes another $100 million of stock held back pending final settlement of an accelerated stock repurchase plan, 5.8 million shares for $502 million in 2013, and
64
6.3 million shares for $460 million in 2012 under share repurchase plans authorized by the board of directors. we also acquired common shares in connection with employee stock plans for an aggregate cost of $42 million in 2014, $29 million in 2013, and $58 million in 2012.
as discussed further below, we paid dividends to stockholders of $172 million in 2014, $168 million in 2013, and $165 million in 2012.
in september 2014, we issued $400 million of 2.625% senior notes due october 1, 2019, $600 million of 3.85% senior notes due october 1, 2024 and $750 million of 4.95% senior notes due october 1, 2044. our net proceeds, reduced for the underwriters' discount and commission and offering expenses, were $1.73 billion. we used a portion of the net proceeds to redeem our $500 million 6.45% senior unsecured notes.
in december 2012, we issued $600 million of 3.15% senior notes due december 1, 2022 and $400 million of 4.625% senior notes due december 1, 2042. our net proceeds, reduced for the discount and cost of the offering, were $990 million. we used the proceeds from the offering primarily to finance the acquisition of metropolitan, including the retirement of metropolitan's indebtedness, and to pay related fees and expenses.
in march 2012, we repaid, without penalty, junior subordinated long-term debt of $36 million.
the remainder of the cash used in or provided by financing activities in 2014, 2013, and 2012 primarily resulted from proceeds from stock option exercises and the change in book overdraft.
future sources and uses of liquidity dividends the following table provides details of dividend payments, excluding dividend equivalent rights, in 2012, 2013, and 2014 under our board approved quarterly cash dividend policy:
payment      amount                total date   per share               amount
(in millions)
2012       $1.02          $165
2013       $1.06          $167
2014       $1.10          $170
in october 2014, the board declared a cash dividend of $0.28 per share that was paid on january 30, 2015 to stockholders of record on december 31, 2014, for an aggregate amount of $42 million. declaration and payment of future quarterly dividends is at the discretion of the board and may be adjusted as business needs or market conditions change.
stock repurchase authorization in september 2014, the board of directors replaced its previously approved share repurchase authorization of up to $1 billion (of which $816 million remained unused) with the current authorization for repurchases of up to $2 billion of our common shares exclusive of shares repurchased in connection with employee stock plans, expiring on december 31, 2016. under the current share repurchase authorization, shares may be purchased from time to time at prevailing prices in the open market, by block purchases, or in privately-negotiated transactions (including pursuant to an accelerated share repurchase agreement with investment banks), subject to certain regulatory restrictions on volume, pricing, and timing. as of february 18, 2015, the remaining authorized amount under the current authorization totaled approximately $1.37 billion, after giving effect to the $500 million accelerated share repurchase program we entered into in november 2014 with goldman, sachs & co.
senior notes in september 2014, we issued $400 million of 2.625% senior notes due october 1, 2019, $600 million of 3.85% senior notes due october 1, 2024 and $750 million of 4.95% senior notes due october 1, 2044. our net proceeds,
65
reduced for the underwriters' discount and commission and offering expenses, were $1.73 billion. we used a portion of the net proceeds to redeem the $500 million 6.45% senior unsecured notes as discussed below.
in october 2014, we redeemed the $500 million 6.45% senior unsecured notes due june 1, 2016, at 100% of the principal amount plus applicable premium for early redemption and accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date, for cash totaling approximately $560 million. we recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt, included in interest expense, of approximately $37 million in connection with the redemption of these notes.
credit agreement our 5-year $1.0 billion unsecured revolving credit agreement expires july 2018. under the credit agreement, at our option, we can borrow on either a competitive advance basis or a revolving credit basis. the revolving credit portion bears interest at either libor plus a spread or the base rate plus a spread. the libor spread, currently 110 basis points, varies depending on our credit ratings ranging from 90 to 150 basis points. we also pay an annual facility fee regardless of utilization. this facility fee, currently 15 basis points, may fluctuate between 10 and 25 basis points, depending upon our credit ratings. the competitive advance portion of any borrowings will bear interest at market rates prevailing at the time of borrowing on either a fixed rate or a floating rate based on libor, at our option.
the terms of the credit agreement include standard provisions related to conditions of borrowing, including a customary material adverse effect clause which could limit our ability to borrow additional funds. in addition, the credit agreement contains customary restrictive and financial covenants as well as customary events of default, including financial covenants regarding the maintenance of a minimum level of net worth of  $7.8 billion at december 31, 2014 and a maximum leverage ratio of 3.0:1. we are in compliance with the financial covenants, with actual net worth of $9.6 billion and actual leverage ratio of 1.4:1, as measured in accordance with the credit agreement as of december 31, 2014. in addition, the credit agreement includes an uncommitted $250 million incremental loan facility.
at december 31, 2014, we had no borrowings outstanding under the credit agreement. we have outstanding letters of credit of $4 million issued under the credit agreement at december 31, 2014. no amounts have been drawn on these letters of credit. accordingly, as of december 31, 2014, we had $996 million of remaining borrowing capacity under the credit agreement, none of which would be restricted by our financial covenant compliance requirement. we have other customary, arms-length relationships, including financial advisory and banking, with some parties to the credit agreement.
commercial paper in october 2014, we entered into a commercial paper program pursuant to which we may issue short-term, unsecured commercial paper notes privately placed on a discount basis through certain broker dealers. amounts available under the program may be borrowed, repaid and re-borrowed from time to time, with the aggregate face or principal amounts outstanding under the program at any time not to exceed $1 billion. the net proceeds of issuances have been and are expected to be used for general corporate purposes, including to repurchase shares of our common stock. the maximum principal amount of commercial paper borrowings outstanding at any one time during the year ended december 31, 2014 was $175 million. there were no outstanding borrowings at december 31, 2014.
liquidity requirements we believe our cash balances, investment securities, operating cash flows, and funds available under our credit agreement and our commercial paper program or from other public or private financing sources, taken together, provide adequate resources to fund ongoing operating and regulatory requirements, acquisitions, future expansion opportunities, and capital expenditures for at least the next twelve months, as well as to refinance or repay debt, and repurchase shares.
adverse changes in our credit rating may increase the rate of interest we pay and may impact the amount of credit available to us in the future. our investment-grade credit rating at december 31, 2014 was bbb+ according to standard & poor's rating services, or s&p, and baa3 according to moody's investors services, inc., or moody's. a downgrade by s&p to bb+ or by moody's to ba1 triggers an interest rate increase of 25 basis points with respect to $750 million of our senior notes. successive one notch downgrades increase the interest rate an additional 25 basis
66
points, or annual interest expense by $2 million, up to a maximum 100 basis points, or annual interest expense by $8 million.
in addition, we operate as a holding company in a highly regulated industry. humana inc., our parent company, is dependent upon dividends and administrative expense reimbursements from our subsidiaries, certain of which are subject to regulatory restrictions. we continue to maintain significant levels of aggregate excess statutory capital and surplus in our state-regulated insurance subsidiaries. cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments at the parent company increased to $1.4 billion at december 31, 2014 from $508 million at december 31, 2013 primarily due to net proceeds of $1.73 billion from the september 2014 issuance of senior notes, offset by the $560 million senior note redemption discussed above and share repurchases. our use of operating cash flows derived from our non-insurance subsidiaries, such as in our healthcare services segment, is generally not restricted by departments of insurance. our subsidiaries paid dividends to the parent of $927 million in 2014, $967 million in 2013, and $1.2 billion in 2012. the declines in dividends to the parent in 2013 and 2014 primarily were a result of higher surplus requirements associated with premium growth. refer to our parent company financial statements and accompanying notes in schedule i - parent company financial information. regulatory requirements, including subsidiary dividends to the parent, are discussed in more detail in the following section. excluding puerto rico subsidiaries, the amount of ordinary dividends that may be paid to our parent company in 2015 is approximately $800 million in the aggregate.
in september 2014, we paid the federal government $562 million for the annual health insurance industry fee attributed to calendar year 2014, in accordance with the health care reform law. in 2015, the health insurance industry fee increases by 41% for the industry taken as a whole. accordingly, absent changes in market share, we would expect a 41% increase in our fee in 2015.
regulatory requirements for a detailed discussion of our regulatory requirements, including aggregate statutory capital and surplus as well as dividends paid from the subsidiaries to the parent, please refer to note 15 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data.
contractual obligations we are contractually obligated to make payments for years subsequent to december 31, 2014 as follows:
payments due by period total             less than             1-3 years             3-5 years             more than
1 year                                                           5 years
(in millions)
debt                                                                        $3,800                  $-                    $-                $1,200                $2,600
interest (1)                                                                 2,753                 187                   369                   294                 1,903
operating leases (2)                                                         1,145                 232                   361                   188         364
purchase obligations (3)                                             175                            95                    64                    16                     -
future policy benefits payable and other long-term liabilities (4)           2,708                  78                   398                   231                 2,001
total                                                                      $10,581                $592                $1,192                $1,929                $6,868
(1)   interest includes the estimated contractual interest payments under our debt agreements.
(2)   we lease facilities, computer hardware, and other furniture and equipment under long-term operating leases that are noncancelable and expire on various dates through 2027. we sublease facilities or partial facilities to third party tenants for space not used in our operations which partially mitigates our operating lease commitments. an operating lease is a type of off-balance sheet arrangement. assuming we acquired the asset, rather than leased such asset, we would have recognized a liability for the financing of these assets. see also note 16 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data.
67
(3)   purchase obligations include agreements to purchase services, primarily information technology related services, or to make improvements to real estate, in each case that are enforceable and legally binding on us and that specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum levels of service to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the appropriate timing of the transaction. purchase obligations exclude agreements that are cancelable without penalty.
(4)   includes future policy benefits payable ceded to third parties through 100% coinsurance agreements as more fully described in note 19 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data. we expect the assuming reinsurance carriers to fund these obligations and reflected these amounts as reinsurance recoverables included in other long-term assets on our consolidated balance sheet. amounts payable in less than one year are included in trade accounts payable and accrued expenses in the consolidated balance sheet.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2014, we were not involved in any special purpose entity, or spe, transactions. for a detailed discussion off-balance sheet arrangements, please refer to note 16 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data.
guarantees and indemnifications for a detailed discussion our guarantees and indemnifications, please refer to note 16 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data.
government contracts for a detailed discussion of our government contracts, including our medicare, military, and medicaid contracts, please refer to note 16 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data.
critical accounting policies and estimates the discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america. the preparation of these financial statements and accompanying notes requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. we continuously evaluate our estimates and those critical accounting policies related primarily to benefits expense and revenue recognition as well as accounting for impairments related to our investment securities, goodwill, and long-lived assets. these estimates are based on knowledge of current events and anticipated future events and, accordingly, actual results ultimately may differ from those estimates. we believe the following critical accounting policies involve the most significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
68
benefits expense recognition benefits expense is recognized in the period in which services are provided and includes an estimate of the cost of services which have been incurred but not yet reported, or ibnr. ibnr represents a substantial portion of our benefits payable as follows:
december 31, 2014           percentageof total           december 31, 2013           percentageof total
(dollars in millions)
ibnr                                $3,254                     72.7           %              $2,586                     66.4           %
reported claims in process             475                     10.6           %                 381                      9.8           %
other benefits payable                 746                     16.7           %                 926                     23.8           %
total benefits payable              $4,475                    100.0           %              $3,893                    100.0           %
our reserving practice is to consistently recognize the actuarial best point estimate within a level of confidence required by actuarial standards. actuarial standards of practice generally require a level of confidence such that the liabilities established for ibnr have a greater probability of being adequate versus being insufficient, or such that the liabilities established for ibnr are sufficient to cover obligations under an assumption of moderately adverse conditions. adverse conditions are situations in which the actual claims are expected to be higher than the otherwise estimated value of such claims at the time of the estimate. therefore, in many situations, the claim amounts ultimately settled will be less than the estimate that satisfies the actuarial standards of practice.
we develop our estimate for ibnr using actuarial methodologies and assumptions, primarily based upon historical claim experience. depending on the period for which incurred claims are estimated, we apply a different method in determining our estimate. for periods prior to the most recent three months, the key assumption used in estimating our ibnr is that the completion factor pattern remains consistent over a rolling 12-month period after adjusting for known changes in claim inventory levels and known changes in claim payment processes. completion factors result from the calculation of the percentage of claims incurred during a given period that have historically been adjudicated as of the reporting period. for the most recent three months, the incurred claims are estimated primarily from a trend analysis based upon per member per month claims trends developed from our historical experience in the preceding months, adjusted for known changes in estimates of recent hospital and drug utilization data, provider contracting changes, changes in benefit levels, changes in member cost sharing, changes in medical management processes, product mix, and weekday seasonality.
the completion factor method is used for the months of incurred claims prior to the most recent three months because the historical percentage of claims processed for those months is at a level sufficient to produce a consistently reliable result. conversely, for the most recent three months of incurred claims, the volume of claims processed historically is not at a level sufficient to produce a reliable result, which therefore requires us to examine historical trend patterns as the primary method of evaluation. changes in claim processes, including recoveries of overpayments, receipt cycle times, claim inventory levels, outsourcing, system conversions, and processing disruptions due to weather or other events affect views regarding the reasonable choice of completion factors. claim payments to providers for services rendered are often net of overpayment recoveries for claims paid previously, as contractually allowed. claim overpayment recoveries can result from many different factors, including retroactive enrollment activity, audits of provider billings, and/or payment errors. changes in patterns of claim overpayment recoveries can be unpredictable and result in completion factor volatility, as they often impact older dates of service. the receipt cycle time measures the average length of time between when a medical claim was initially incurred and when the claim form was received. increases in electronic claim submissions from providers decrease the receipt cycle time. if claims are submitted or processed on a faster (slower) pace than prior periods, the actual claim may be more (less) complete than originally estimated using our completion factors, which may result in reserves that are higher (lower) than required.
medical cost trends potentially are more volatile than other segments of the economy. the drivers of medical cost trends include increases in the utilization of hospital facilities, physician services, new higher priced technologies and medical procedures, and new prescription drugs and therapies, as well as the inflationary effect on the cost per unit of
69
each of these expense components. other external factors such as government-mandated benefits or other regulatory changes, the tort liability system, increases in medical services capacity, direct to consumer advertising for prescription drugs and medical services, an aging population, lifestyle changes including diet and smoking, catastrophes, and epidemics also may impact medical cost trends. internal factors such as system conversions, claims processing cycle times, changes in medical management practices and changes in provider contracts also may impact our ability to accurately predict estimates of historical completion factors or medical cost trends. all of these factors are considered in estimating ibnr and in estimating the per member per month claims trend for purposes of determining the reserve for the most recent three months. additionally, we continually prepare and review follow-up studies to assess the reasonableness of the estimates generated by our process and methods over time. the results of these studies are also considered in determining the reserve for the most recent three months. each of these factors requires significant judgment by management.
the completion and claims per member per month trend factors are the most significant factors impacting the ibnr estimate. the portion of ibnr estimated using completion factors for claims incurred prior to the most recent three months is generally less variable than the portion of ibnr estimated using trend factors. the following table illustrates the sensitivity of these factors assuming moderate adverse experience and the estimated potential impact on our operating results caused by reasonably likely changes in these factors based on december 31, 2014 data:
completion factor (a):                         claims trend factor (b):
factor             decrease in                  factor              decrease in change (c)             benefits payable         change (c)              benefits payable
(dollars in millions)
1.40%             $(357)                      (4.00)%              $(381)
1.20%             $(306)                      (3.50)%              $(333)
1.00%             $(255)                      (3.00)%              $(286)
0.80%             $(204)                      (2.50)%              $(238)
0.60%             $(153)                      (2.25)%              $(214)
0.40%             $(102)                      (2.00)%              $(190)
0.20%             $(51)                       (1.50)%              $(143)
(a)   reflects estimated potential changes in benefits payable at december 31, 2014 caused by changes in completion factors for incurred months prior to the most recent three months.
(b)   reflects estimated potential changes in benefits payable at december 31, 2014 caused by changes in annualized claims trend used for the estimation of per member per month incurred claims for the most recent three months.
(c)   the factor change indicated represents the percentage point change.
70
the following table provides a historical perspective regarding the accrual and payment of our benefits payable, excluding military services. components of the total incurred claims for each year include amounts accrued for current year estimated benefits expense as well as adjustments to prior year estimated accruals.
2014                                                   2013                2012
(in millions)
balances at january 1        $3,893              $3,775              $3,415
acquisitions                      -                   5                  66
incurred related to:
current year                 38,641              32,711              30,198
prior years                    (518   )            (474   )            (257   )
total incurred               38,123              32,237              29,941
paid related to:
current year                (34,357   )         (29,103   )         (26,738   )
prior years                  (3,262   )          (3,021   )          (2,909   )
total paid                  (37,619   )         (32,124   )         (29,647   )
reinsurance recoverable          78                   -                   -
balances at december 31      $4,475              $3,893              $3,775
the following table summarizes the changes in estimate for incurred claims related to prior years attributable to our key assumptions. as previously described, our key assumptions consist of trend and completion factors estimated using an assumption of moderately adverse conditions. the amounts below represent the difference between our original estimates and the actual benefits expense ultimately incurred as determined from subsequent claim payments.
favorable development by changes in key assumptions
2014                                                     2013                                     2012
amount              factor               amount              factor               amount              factor change (a)                               change (a)                               change (a)
(dollars in millions)
trend factors        $(266     )         (3.7    )%           $(233     )         (3.4    )%           $(138     )         (2.4    )%
completion factors   (252      )    1.2          %            (241      )    1.2          %            (119      )    0.7          %
total                $(518     )                              $(474     )                              $(257     )
(a)   the factor change indicated represents the percentage point change.
as previously discussed, our reserving practice is to consistently recognize the actuarial best estimate of our ultimate liability for claims. actuarial standards require the use of assumptions based on moderately adverse experience, which generally results in favorable reserve development, or reserves that are considered redundant. we experienced favorable medical claims reserve development related to prior fiscal years of $518 million in 2014, $474 million in 2013, and $257 million in 2012. the table below details our favorable medical claims reserve development related to prior fiscal years by segment for 2014, 2013, and 2012.
favorable medical claims reserve                           change development
2014                                    2013                2012                           2014   2013
(in millions)
retail segment           $(385     )         $(332     )         $(192     )        $(53      )       $(140     )
employer group segment   (132      )         (138      )         (48       )              6           (90       )
other businesses         (1        )         (4        )         (17       )              3       13
total                    $(518     )         $(474     )         $(257     )        $(44      )       $(217     )
71
the favorable medical claims reserve development for 2014, 2013, and 2012 primarily reflects the consistent application of trend and completion factors estimated using an assumption of moderately adverse conditions. in addition, the favorable medical claims reserve development during 2014 and 2013 reflects increased membership and better than originally expected utilization across most of our major business lines and increased financial recoveries. the increase in financial recoveries primarily resulted from claim audit process enhancements as well as increased volume of claim audits and expanded audit scope. all lines of business benefited from these improvements.
we continually adjust our historical trend and completion factor experience with our knowledge of recent events that may impact current trends and completion factors when establishing our reserves. because our reserving practice is to consistently recognize the actuarial best point estimate using an assumption of moderately adverse conditions as required by actuarial standards, there is a reasonable possibility that variances between actual trend and completion factors and those assumed in our december 31, 2014 estimates would fall towards the middle of the ranges previously presented in our sensitivity table.
benefits expense associated with military services and provisions associated with future policy benefits excluded from the previous table was as follows for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012:
2014                                            2013                2012
(in millions)
military services          $11              $(27   )            $908
future policy benefits      32               354                 136
total                      $43              $327              $1,044
due to the transition to the current tricare south region contract on april 1, 2012, which is accounted for as an administrative services only contract as more fully described in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data, there was no military services benefits payable at december 31, 2014 or 2013. this transition is also the primary reason for the decline in military services benefits expense from 2012 to 2013.
future policy benefits payable of $2.3 billion and $2.2 billion at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, represent liabilities for long-duration insurance policies including long-term care insurance, life insurance, annuities, and certain health and other supplemental policies sold to individuals for which some of the premium received in the earlier years is intended to pay anticipated benefits to be incurred in future years. at policy issuance, these reserves are recognized on a net level premium method based on interest rates, mortality, morbidity, and maintenance expense assumptions. interest rates are based on our expected net investment returns on the investment portfolio supporting the reserves for these blocks of business. mortality, a measure of expected death, and morbidity, a measure of health status, assumptions are based on published actuarial tables, modified based upon actual experience. the assumptions used to determine the liability for future policy benefits are established and locked in at the time each contract is issued and only change if our expected future experience deteriorates to the point that the level of the liability, together with the present value of future gross premiums, are not adequate to provide for future expected policy benefits and maintenance costs (i.e. the loss recognition date). because these policies have long-term claim payout periods, there is a greater risk of significant variability in claims costs, either positive or negative. we perform loss recognition tests at least annually in the fourth quarter, and more frequently if adverse events or changes in circumstances indicate that the level of the liability, together with the present value of future gross premiums, may not be adequate to provide for future expected policy benefits and maintenance costs.
future policy benefits payable include $1.5 billion at december 31, 2014 and $1.4 billion at december 31, 2013 associated with a non-strategic closed block of long-term care insurance policies acquired in connection with the 2007 acquisition of kmg. approximately 32,700 policies remain in force as of december 31, 2014. no new policies have been written since 2005 under this closed block. future policy benefits payable includes amounts charged to accumulated other comprehensive income for an additional liability that would exist on our closed-block of long-term care insurance policies if unrealized gains on the sale of the investments backing such products had been realized and the proceeds reinvested at then current yields. there was $123 million of additional liability at december 31, 2014 and no additional
72
liability at december 31, 2013. amounts charged to accumulated other comprehensive income are net of applicable deferred taxes.
long-term care insurance policies provide nursing home and home health coverage for which premiums are collected many years in advance of benefits paid, if any. therefore, our actual claims experience will emerge many years after assumptions have been established. the risk of a deviation of the actual interest, morbidity, mortality, and maintenance expense assumptions from those assumed in our reserves are particularly significant to our closed block of long-term care insurance policies. a prolonged period during which interest rates remain at levels lower than those anticipated in our reserving would result in shortfalls in investment income on assets supporting our obligation under long term care policies because the long duration of the policy obligations exceeds the duration of the supporting investment assets. further, we monitor the loss experience of these long-term care insurance policies and, when necessary, apply for premium rate increases through a regulatory filing and approval process in the jurisdictions in which such products were sold. to the extent premium rate increases and/or loss experience vary from our loss recognition date assumptions, future adjustments to reserves could be required.
during 2013, we recorded a loss for a premium deficiency with respect to our closed block of long-term care insurance policies. the premium deficiency was based on current and anticipated experience that had deteriorated from our locked-in assumptions from the previous december 31, 2010 loss recognition date, particularly as they related to emerging experience due to an increase in life expectancies and utilization of home health care services. based on this deterioration, and combined with lower interest rates, we determined that our existing future policy benefits payable, together with the present value of future gross premiums, associated with our closed-block of long-term care insurance policies were not adequate to provide for future policy benefits and maintenance costs under these policies; therefore we unlocked and modified our assumptions based on current expectations. accordingly, during 2013 we recorded $243 million of additional benefits expense, with a corresponding increase in future policy benefits payable of $350 million partially offset by a related reinsurance recoverable of $107 million included in other long-term assets.
during 2012, we recorded a change in estimate associated with future policy benefits payable for our closed-block of long-term care insurance policies resulting in additional benefits expense of $29 million and a corresponding increase in future policy benefits payable. this change in estimate was based on current claim experience demonstrating an increase in the length of the time policyholders already in payment status remained in such status. future policy benefits payable was increased to cover future payments to policyholders currently in payment status.
for our closed block of long-term care policies, actuarial assumptions used to estimate reserves are inherently uncertain due to the potential changes in trends in mortality, morbidity, persistency (the percentage of policies remaining in-force) and interest rates. as a result, our long term care reserves may be subject to material increases if these trends develop adversely to our expectations. the estimated increase in reserves and additional benefit expense from hypothetically modeling adverse variations in our actuarial assumptions, in the aggregate, could be up to $300 million, net of reinsurance. although such hypothetical revisions are not currently appropriate, we believe they could occur based on past variances in experience and our expectation of the ranges of future experience that could reasonably occur. generally accepted accounting principles do not allow us to unlock our assumptions for favorable items. this hypothetical modeling does not contemplate a divestiture situation. we are evaluating alternatives related to our closed block of long term care policies. while no decision has been made with respect to any course of action, if we were to divest this business, it is reasonably likely that we would have to recognize a material loss and that loss could exceed the amount provided above.
in addition, future policy benefits payable includes amounts of $210 million at december 31, 2014, $215 million at december 31, 2013, and $220 million at december 31, 2012 which are subject to 100% coinsurance agreements as more fully described in note 19 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data, and as such are offset by a related reinsurance recoverable included in other long-term assets.
73
revenue recognition we generally establish one-year commercial membership contracts with employer groups, subject to cancellation by the employer group on 30-day written notice. our medicare contracts with cms renew annually. our military services contracts with the federal government and our contracts with various state medicaid programs generally are multi-year contracts subject to annual renewal provisions.
our commercial contracts establish rates on a per employee basis for each month of coverage based on the type of coverage purchased (single to family coverage options). our medicare and medicaid contracts also establish monthly rates per member. however, our medicare contracts also have additional provisions as outlined in the following separate section.
premiums revenue and administrative services only, or aso, fees are estimated by multiplying the membership covered under the various contracts by the contractual rates. in addition, we adjust revenues for estimated changes in an employer's enrollment and individuals that ultimately may fail to pay, and for estimated rebates under the minimum benefit ratios required under the health care reform law. . enrollment changes not yet processed or not yet reported by an employer group or the government, also known as retroactive membership adjustments, are estimated based on available data and historical trends. we routinely monitor the collectibility of specific accounts, the aging of receivables, historical retroactivity trends, estimated rebates, as well as prevailing and anticipated economic conditions, and reflect any required adjustments in the current period's revenue.
we bill and collect premium remittances from employer groups and members in our medicare and other individual products monthly. we receive monthly premiums from the federal government and various states according to government specified payment rates and various contractual terms. changes in revenues from cms for our medicare products resulting from the periodic changes in risk-adjustment scores derived from medical diagnoses for our membership are recognized when the amounts become determinable and the collectibility is reasonably assured.
medicare risk-adjustment provisions cms utilizes a risk-adjustment model which apportions premiums paid to medicare advantage plans according to health severity. the risk-adjustment model pays more for enrollees with predictably higher costs. under the risk-adjustment methodology, all medicare advantage plans must collect and submit the necessary diagnosis code information from hospital inpatient, hospital outpatient, and physician providers to cms within prescribed deadlines. the cms risk-adjustment model uses this diagnosis data to calculate the risk-adjusted premium payment to medicare advantage plans. rates paid to medicare advantage plans are established under an actuarial bid model, including a process that bases our payments on a comparison of our beneficiaries' risk scores, derived from medical diagnoses, to those enrolled in the government's medicare ffs program. we generally rely on providers, including certain providers in our network who are our employees, to code their claim submissions with appropriate diagnoses, which we send to cms as the basis for our payment received from cms under the actuarial risk-adjustment model. we also rely on providers to appropriately document all medical data, including the diagnosis data submitted with claims. we estimate risk-adjustment revenues based on medical diagnoses for our membership. the risk-adjustment model is more fully described in item 1. - business under the section titled "individual medicare."
74
investment securities investment securities totaled $9.5 billion, or 41% of total assets at december 31, 2014, and $9.8 billion, or 47% of total assets at december 31, 2013. debt securities, detailed below, comprised this entire investment portfolio at december 31, 2014 and 2013. the fair value of debt securities were as follows at december 31, 2014 and 2013:
december 31, 2014           percentage           december 31, 2013           percentage of total                                         of total
(dollars in millions)
u.s. treasury and other u.s. government corporations and agencies:
u.s. treasury and agency obligations                                              $374                  3.9       %                $584                  6.0       %
mortgage-backed securities                                                       1,498                 15.7       %               1,820                 18.6       %
tax-exempt municipal securities                                                  3,068                 32.1       %               2,971                 30.3       %
mortgage-backed securities:
residential                                                                         17                  0.2       %                  22                  0.2       %
commercial                                                                         843                  8.8       %                 673                  6.9       %
asset-backed securities                                                             29                  0.3       %                  63                  0.6       %
corporate debt securities                                                        3,718                 39.0       %               3,667                 37.4       %
total debt securities                                                           $9,547                100.0       %              $9,800                100.0       %
approximately 96% of our debt securities were investment-grade quality, with a weighted average credit rating of aa- by s&p at december 31, 2014. most of the debt securities that were below investment-grade were rated bb, the higher end of the below investment-grade rating scale. our investment policy limits investments in a single issuer and requires diversification among various asset types.
tax-exempt municipal securities included pre-refunded bonds of $199 million at december 31, 2014 and $222 million at december 31, 2013. these pre-refunded bonds were secured by an escrow fund consisting of u.s. government obligations sufficient to pay off all amounts outstanding at maturity. the ratings of these pre-refunded bonds generally assume the rating of the government obligations at the time the fund is established. tax-exempt municipal securities that were not pre-refunded were diversified among general obligation bonds of u.s. states and local municipalities as well as special revenue bonds. general obligation bonds, which are backed by the taxing power and full faith of the issuer, accounted for $1.0 billion of these municipals in the portfolio. special revenue bonds, issued by a municipality to finance a specific public works project such as utilities, water and sewer, transportation, or education, and supported by the revenues of that project, accounted for $1.8 billion of these municipals. our general obligation bonds are diversified across the u.s. with no individual state exceeding 11%. in addition, certain monoline insurers guarantee the timely repayment of bond principal and interest when a bond issuer defaults and generally provide credit enhancement for bond issues related to our tax-exempt municipal securities. we have no direct exposure to these monoline insurers. we owned $484 million and $548 million at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, of tax-exempt securities guaranteed by monoline insurers. the equivalent weighted average s&p credit rating of these tax-exempt securities without the guarantee from the monoline insurer was aa.
our direct exposure to subprime mortgage lending is limited to investment in residential mortgage-backed securities and asset-backed securities backed by home equity loans. the fair value of securities backed by alt-a and subprime loans was $1 million at december 31, 2014 and 2013. there are no collateralized debt obligations or structured investment vehicles in our investment portfolio. the percentage of corporate securities associated with the financial services industry was 21% at december 31, 2014 and 23% at december 31, 2013.
gross unrealized losses and fair values aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position were as follows at december 31, 2014:
75
less than 12 months                         12 months or more                                    total fair        gross                         fair        gross                          fair      gross value        unrealized                   value        unrealized                    value      unrealized losses                                    losses                                   losses
(in millions)
december 31, 2014
u.s. treasury and other u.s. government corporations and agencies:
u.s. treasury and agency obligations          $79             $-                        $80             $(1         )              $159          $(1         )
mortgage-backed securities                     22             -                         320             (5          )               342          (5          )
tax-exempt municipal securities               131             (1          )             118             (2          )               249          (3          )
mortgage-backed securities:
residential                                     1             -                           4             -                             5          -
commercial                                     31             (1          )             267             (18         )               298          (19         )
asset-backed securities                        13             -                           -             -                            13          -
corporate debt securities                     219             (6          )             128             (7          )               347          (13         )
total debt securities                        $496             $(8         )            $917             $(33        )            $1,413          $(41        )
under the other-than-temporary impairment model for debt securities held, we recognize an impairment loss in income in an amount equal to the full difference between the amortized cost basis and the fair value when we have the intent to sell the debt security or it is more likely than not we will be required to sell the debt security before recovery of our amortized cost basis. however, if we do not intend to sell the debt security, we evaluate the expected cash flows to be received as compared to amortized cost and determine if a credit loss has occurred. in the event of a credit loss, only the amount of the impairment associated with the credit loss is recognized currently in income with the remainder of the loss recognized in other comprehensive income.
when we do not intend to sell a security in an unrealized loss position, potential other-than-temporary impairment is considered using a variety of factors, including the length of time and extent to which the fair value has been less than cost; adverse conditions specifically related to the industry, geographic area or financial condition of the issuer or underlying collateral of a security; payment structure of the security; changes in credit rating of the security by the rating agencies; the volatility of the fair value changes; and changes in fair value of the security after the balance sheet date. for debt securities, we take into account expectations of relevant market and economic data. for example, with respect to mortgage and asset-backed securities, such data includes underlying loan level data and structural features such as seniority and other forms of credit enhancements. a decline in fair value is considered other-than-temporary when we do not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security. we estimate the amount of the credit loss component of a debt security as the difference between the amortized cost and the present value of the expected cash flows of the security. the present value is determined using the best estimate of future cash flows discounted at the implicit interest rate at the date of purchase. the risks inherent in assessing the impairment of an investment include the risk that market factors may differ from our expectations, facts and circumstances factored into our assessment may change with the passage of time, or we may decide to subsequently sell the investment. the determination of whether a decline in the value of an investment is other than temporary requires us to exercise significant diligence and judgment. the discovery of new information and the passage of time can significantly change these judgments. the status of the general economic environment and significant changes in the national securities markets influence the determination of fair value and the assessment of investment impairment. there is a continuing risk that declines in fair value may occur and additional material realized losses from sales or other-than-temporary impairments may be recorded in future periods.
the recoverability of our non-agency residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities is supported by factors such as seniority, underlying collateral characteristics and credit enhancements. these residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities at december 31, 2014 primarily were composed of senior tranches having high
76
credit support, with over 99% of the collateral consisting of prime loans. the weighted average credit rating of all commercial mortgage-backed securities was aa+ at december 31, 2014.
all issuers of securities we own that were trading at an unrealized loss at december 31, 2014 remain current on all contractual payments. after taking into account these and other factors previously described, we believe these unrealized losses primarily were caused by an increase in market interest rates in the current markets than when the securities were purchased. at december 31, 2014, we did not intend to sell the securities with an unrealized loss position in accumulated other comprehensive income, and it is not likely that we will be required to sell these securities before recovery of their amortized cost basis. as a result, we believe that the securities with an unrealized loss were not other-than-temporarily impaired at december 31, 2014. there were no material other-than-temporary impairments in 2014, 2013, or 2012.
goodwill and long-lived assets at december 31, 2014, goodwill and other long-lived assets represented 24% of total assets and 59% of total stockholders' equity, compared to 27% and 61%, respectively, at december 31, 2013.
we are required to test at least annually for impairment at a level of reporting referred to as the reporting unit, and more frequently if adverse events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset may be impaired. a reporting unit either is our operating segments or one level below the operating segments, referred to as a component, which comprise our reportable segments. a component is considered a reporting unit if the component constitutes a business for which discrete financial information is available that is regularly reviewed by management. we are required to aggregate the components of an operating segment into one reporting unit if they have similar economic characteristics. goodwill is assigned to the reporting unit that is expected to benefit from a specific acquisition. the carrying amount of goodwill for our reportable segments has been retrospectively adjusted to conform to the 2014 segment change discussed in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8. - financial statements and supplementary data.
we use a two-step process to review goodwill for impairment. the first step is a screen for potential impairment, and the second step measures the amount of impairment, if any. our strategy, long-range business plan, and annual planning process support our goodwill impairment tests. these tests are performed, at a minimum, annually in the fourth quarter, and are based on an evaluation of future discounted cash flows. we rely on this discounted cash flow analysis to determine fair value. however outcomes from the discounted cash flow analysis are compared to other market approach valuation methodologies for reasonableness. we use discount rates that correspond to a market-based weighted-average cost of capital and terminal growth rates that correspond to long-term growth prospects, consistent with the long-term inflation rate. key assumptions in our cash flow projections, including changes in membership, premium yields, medical and operating cost trends, and certain government contract extensions, are consistent with those utilized in our long-range business plan and annual planning process. if these assumptions differ from actual, including the impact of the health care reform law, the estimates underlying our goodwill impairment tests could be adversely affected. goodwill impairment tests completed in each of the last three years did not result in an impairment loss. the fair value of our reporting units with significant goodwill exceeded carrying amounts by a substantial margin. a 100 basis point increase in the discount rate would not have a significant impact on the amount of margin for any of our reporting units with significant goodwill.
long-lived assets consist of property and equipment and other finite-lived intangible assets. these assets are depreciated or amortized over their estimated useful life, and are subject to impairment reviews. we periodically review long-lived assets whenever adverse events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. in assessing recoverability, we must make assumptions regarding estimated future cash flows and other factors to determine if an impairment loss may exist, and, if so, estimate fair value. we also must estimate and make assumptions regarding the useful life we assign to our long-lived assets. if these estimates or their related assumptions change in the future, we may be required to record impairment losses or change the useful life, including accelerating depreciation or amortization for these assets. there were no material impairment losses in the last three years.
77
