item 1a. risk factors risk factors we operate in a rapidly changing environment that involves a number of risks, some of which are beyond our control. you should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below together with the other information included in this annual report on form 10-k, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k, in evaluating our company. the occurrence of any of the following risks may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.
risks relating to our business the potential loss or delay of our large contracts or of multiple contracts could adversely affect our results.
most of our customers can terminate our contracts upon 30 to 90 days notice. our customers may delay, terminate or reduce the scope of our contracts for a variety of reasons beyond our control, including but not limited to:
•   decisions to forego or terminate a particular trial;

•   lack of available financing, budgetary limits or changing priorities;

•   actions by regulatory authorities;

•   production problems resulting in shortages of the drug being tested;

•   failure of products being tested to satisfy safety requirements or efficacy criteria;

•   unexpected or undesired clinical results for products;

•   insufficient patient enrollment in a trial;

•   insufficient investigator recruitment;

•   shift of business to a competitor or internal resources;

•   product withdrawal following market launch; or

•   shut down of manufacturing facilities.

as a result, contract terminations, delays and alterations are a regular part of our business. in the event of termination, our contracts often provide for fees for winding down the project, but these fees may not be sufficient for us to maintain our margins, and termination may result in lower resource utilization rates. in addition, we may not realize the full benefits of our backlog of contractually committed services if our customers cancel, delay or reduce their commitments under our contracts with them, which may occur if, among other things, a customer decides to shift its business to a competitor or revoke our status as a preferred provider. thus, the loss or delay of a large contract or the loss or delay of multiple contracts could adversely affect our service revenues and profitability. we believe the risk of loss or delay of multiple contracts potentially has greater effect where we are party to broader partnering arrangements with global biopharmaceutical companies.
our financial results may be adversely affected if we underprice our contracts, overrun our cost estimates or fail to receive approval for or experience delays in documenting change orders.
most of our contracts are either fee for service contracts or fixed-fee contracts. our past financial results have been, and our future financial results may be, adversely impacted if we initially underprice our contracts or otherwise overrun our cost estimates and are unable to successfully negotiate a change order. change orders typically occur when the scope of work we perform needs to be modified from that originally contemplated by
21
our contract with the customer. modifications can occur, for example, when there is a change in a key trial assumption or parameter or a significant change in timing. where we are not successful in converting out-of-scope work into change orders under our current contracts, we bear the cost of the additional work. such underpricing, significant cost overruns or delay in documentation of change orders could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
the relationship of backlog to revenues varies over time.
backlog represents future service revenues from work not yet completed or performed under signed contracts, letters of intent and, in some cases, written pre-contract commitments. once work begins on a project, revenue is recognized over the duration of the project. projects may be terminated or delayed by the customer or delayed by regulatory authorities for reasons beyond our control. to the extent projects are delayed, the timing of our revenue could be affected. in the event that a customer cancels a contract, we typically would be entitled to receive payment for all services performed up to the cancellation date and subsequent customer-authorized services related to terminating the canceled project. typically, however, we have no contractual right to the full amount of the revenue reflected in our backlog in the event of a contract cancellation. the duration of the projects included in our backlog, and the related revenue recognition, range from a few weeks to many years. our backlog may not be indicative of our future revenues, and we may not realize all the anticipated future revenue reflected in our backlog. a number of factors may affect backlog, including:
•   the size, complexity and duration of the projects;

•   the cancellation or delay of projects; and

•   change in the scope of work during the course of a project.

our backlog at december 31, 2014 was $11,244 million compared to backlog of $9,855 million at december 31, 2013. although an increase in backlog will generally result in an increase in revenues to be recognized over time (depending on the level of cancellations), an increase in backlog at a particular point in time does not necessarily correspond directly to an increase in revenues during a particular period. the extent to which contracts in backlog will result in revenue depends on many factors, including but not limited to delivery against projected schedules, the need for scope changes (change orders), contract cancellations and the nature, duration, size, complexity and phase of the contracts, each of which factors can vary significantly from time to time. our $11,244 million of backlog at december 31, 2014 included approximately $7,593 million of backlog that we do not expect to generate revenue in 2015 as compared to our $9,855 million of backlog at december 31, 2013, which included approximately $6,342 million of backlog that we did not expect to generate revenue in 2014.
the rate at which our backlog converts to revenue may vary over time for a variety of reasons. the revenue recognition on larger, more global projects could be slower than on smaller, less global projects for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to an extended period of negotiation between the time the project is awarded to us and the actual execution of the contract, as well as an increased timeframe for obtaining the necessary regulatory approvals. additionally, the increased complexity of trials and the need to enroll precise patient populations could extend the length of trials causing revenue to be recognized over a longer period of time. further, delayed projects will remain in backlog, unless otherwise canceled by the customer, and will not generate revenue at the rate originally expected. thus, the relationship of backlog to realized revenues may vary over time.
our business depends on the continued effectiveness and availability of our information systems, including the information systems we use to provide our services to our customers, and failures of these systems may materially limit our operations.
due to the global nature of our business and our reliance on information systems to provide our services, we intend to increase our use of web-enabled and other integrated information systems in delivering our services. we also provide access to similar information systems to certain of our customers in connection with the services
22
we provide them. as the breadth and complexity of our information systems continue to grow, we will increasingly be exposed to the risks inherent in the development, integration and ongoing operation of evolving information systems, including:
•   disruption, impairment or failure of data centers, telecommunications facilities or other key infrastructure platforms;

•   security breaches of, cyber attacks on and other failures or malfunctions in our critical application systems or their associated hardware; and

•   excessive costs, excessive delays or other deficiencies in systems development and deployment.

the materialization of any of these risks may impede the processing of data, the delivery of databases and services, and the day-to-day management of our business and could result in the corruption, loss or unauthorized disclosure of proprietary, confidential or other data. while we have disaster recovery plans in place, they might not adequately protect us in the event of a system failure. despite any precautions we take, damage from fire, floods, hurricanes, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, break-ins and similar events at our various computer facilities could result in interruptions in the flow of data to our servers and from our servers to our customers. corruption or loss of data may result in the need to repeat a trial at no cost to the customer, but at significant cost to us, the termination of a contract or damage to our reputation. additionally, significant delays in system enhancements or inadequate performance of new or upgraded systems once completed could damage our reputation and harm our business. finally, long-term disruptions in the infrastructure caused by events such as natural disasters, the outbreak of war, the escalation of hostilities and acts of terrorism, particularly involving cities in which we have offices, could adversely affect our businesses. although we carry property and business interruption insurance, our coverage might not be adequate to compensate us for all losses that may occur.
unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential data, whether through systems failure or employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation, could damage our reputation and cause us to lose customers. similarly, we have been and expect that we will continue to be subject to attempts to gain unauthorized access to or through our information systems or those we develop for our customers, whether by our employees or third parties, including a cyber attack by computer programmers and hackers who may develop and deploy viruses, worms or other malicious software programs. to date these attacks have not had a material impact on our operations or financial results. nonetheless, successful attacks in the future could result in negative publicity, significant remediation costs, legal liability and damage to our reputation and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. in addition, our liability insurance might not be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against claims related to security breaches, cyber attacks and other related breaches.
we may be adversely affected by customer or therapeutic concentration.
although we did not have any customer that represented 10% or more of our service revenues in 2014, 2013, or 2012, we derive the majority of our revenues from a number of large customers. if any large customer decreases or terminates its relationship with us, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
additionally, conducting multiple clinical trials for different customers in a single therapeutic class involving drugs with the same or similar chemical action has in the past and may in the future adversely affect our business if some or all of the trials are canceled because of new scientific information or regulatory judgments that affect the drugs as a class or if industry consolidation results in the rationalization of drug development pipelines. similarly, marketing and selling drugs for different biopharmaceutical companies with similar chemical actions subjects us to risk if new scientific information or regulatory judgment prejudices the drugs as a class, which may lead to compelled or voluntary prescription limitations or withdrawal of some or all of such drugs from the market.
23
our business is subject to international economic, political and other risks that could negatively affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we have significant operations in foreign countries that may require complex arrangements to deliver services on global contracts for our customers. additionally, we have established operations in locations remote from our most developed business centers. as a result, we are subject to heightened risks inherent in conducting business internationally, including the following:
•   conducting a single trial across multiple countries is complex, and issues in one country, such as a failure to comply with local regulations or restrictions, may affect the progress of the trial in the other countries, for example, by limiting the amount of data necessary for a trial to proceed, resulting in delays or potential cancellation of contracts, which in turn may result in loss of revenue;

•   the united states or foreign countries could enact legislation or impose regulations or other restrictions, including unfavorable labor regulations, tax policies or economic sanctions, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to conduct business in or expatriate profits from the countries in which we operate;

•   foreign countries are expanding or may expand their regulatory framework with respect to patient informed consent, protection and compensation in clinical trials, which could delay or inhibit our ability to conduct trials in such jurisdictions;

•   the regulatory or judicial authorities of foreign countries may not enforce legal rights and recognize business procedures in a manner in which we are accustomed or would reasonably expect;

•   changes in political and economic conditions may lead to changes in the business environment in which we operate, as well as changes in foreign currency exchange rates;

•   potential violations of local laws or anti-bribery laws, such as the united states foreign corrupt practices act, or the fcpa, and the uk bribery act, may cause difficulty in staffing and managing foreign operations, as well as significant consequences to us if those laws are violated;

•   customers in foreign jurisdictions may have longer payment cycles, and it may be more difficult to collect receivables in foreign jurisdictions; and

•   natural disasters, pandemics or international conflict, including terrorist acts, could interrupt our services, endanger our personnel or cause project delays or loss of trial materials or results.

these risks and uncertainties could negatively impact our ability to, among other things, perform large, global projects for our customers. furthermore, our ability to deal with these issues could be affected by applicable united states laws and the need to protect our assets. any such risks could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
due to the global nature of our business, we may be exposed to liabilities under the united states foreign corrupt practices act and various non-u.s. anti-corruption laws, and any allegation or determination that we violated these laws could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we are required to comply with the united states foreign corrupt practices act, or the fcpa, and other u.s. and non-u.s. anti-corruption laws, which prohibit companies from engaging in bribery including corruptly or improperly offering, promising, or providing money or anything else of value to non-u.s. officials and certain other recipients. in addition, the fcpa imposes certain books, records, and accounting control obligations on public companies and other issuers. we operate in parts of the world in which corruption can be common and compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. our global operations face the risk of unauthorized payments or offers being made by employees, consultants, sales agents, and other business partners outside of our control or without our authorization. it is our policy to implement safeguards to prohibit these practices by our employees and business partners with respect to our operations. however, irrespective of these safeguards, or as a result of monitoring compliance with such safeguards, it is possible that we or certain
24
other parties may discover or receive information at some point that certain employees, consultants, sales agents, or other business partners may have engaged in corrupt conduct for which we might be held responsible. violations of the fcpa or other non-u.s. anti-corruption laws may result in restatements of, or irregularities in, our financial statements as well as severe criminal or civil sanctions, and we may be subject to other liabilities, which could negatively affect our business, operating results and financial condition. in some cases, companies that violate the fcpa may be debarred by the u.s. government and/or lose their u.s. export privileges. changes in anti-corruption laws or enforcement priorities could also result in increased compliance requirements and related costs which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, the u.s. or other governments may seek to hold us liable for successor liability fcpa violations or violations of other anti-corruption laws committed by companies in which we invest or that we acquired or will acquire.
if we are unable to successfully develop and market new services or enter new markets, our growth, results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected.
a key element of our growth strategy is the successful development and marketing of new services or entering new markets that complement or expand our existing business. as we develop new services or enter new markets, including services targeted at participants in the broader healthcare industry, we may not have or adequately build the competencies necessary to perform such services satisfactorily, may not receive market acceptance for such services or may face increased competition. if we are unable to succeed in developing new services, entering new markets or attracting a customer base for our new services or in new markets, we will be unable to implement this element of our growth strategy, and our future business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.
upgrading the information systems that support our operating processes and evolving the technology platform for our services pose risks to our business.
continued efficient operation of our business requires that we implement standardized global business processes and evolve our information systems to enable this implementation. we have continued to undertake significant programs to optimize business processes with respect to our services. our inability to effectively manage the implementation and adapt to new processes designed into these new or upgraded systems in a timely and cost-effective manner may result in disruption to our business and negatively affect our operations.
we have entered into agreements with certain vendors to provide systems development and integration services that develop or license to us the it platform for programs to optimize our business processes. if such vendors fail to perform as required or if there are substantial delays in developing, implementing and updating the it platform, our customer delivery may be impaired, and we may have to make substantial further investments, internally or with third parties, to achieve our objectives. additionally, our progress may be limited by parties with existing or claimed patents who seek to enjoin us from using preferred technology or seek license payments from us.
meeting our objectives is dependent on a number of factors which may not take place as we anticipate, including obtaining adequate technology-enabled services, creating it-enabled services that our customers will find desirable and implementing our business model with respect to these services. also, increased it-related expenditures may negatively impact our profitability.
if we fail to perform our services in accordance with contractual requirements, regulatory standards and ethical considerations, we could be subject to significant costs or liability and our reputation could be harmed.
we contract with biopharmaceutical companies to perform a wide range of services to assist them in bringing new drugs to market. our services include monitoring clinical trials, data and laboratory analysis, edc, patient recruitment and other related services. such services are complex and subject to contractual requirements, regulatory standards and ethical considerations. for example, we must adhere to regulatory requirements such as the fda and current gcp, glp and gmp requirements. if we fail to perform our services in accordance with
25
these requirements, regulatory agencies may take action against us for failure to comply with applicable regulations governing clinical trials or sales and marketing practices. such actions may include sanctions, such as injunctions or failure of such regulatory authorities to grant marketing approval of products, delay, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, license revocation, product seizures or recalls, operational restrictions, civil or criminal penalties or prosecutions, damages or fines. customers may also bring claims against us for breach of our contractual obligations and patients in the clinical trials and patients taking drugs approved on the basis of those trials may bring personal injury claims against us for negligence. any such action could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and reputation.
such consequences could arise if, among other things, the following occur:
improper performance of our services. the performance of clinical development services is complex and time-consuming. for example, we may make mistakes in conducting a clinical trial that could negatively impact or obviate the usefulness of the trial or cause the results of the trial to be reported improperly. if the trial results are compromised, we could be subject to significant costs or liability, which could have an adverse impact on our ability to perform our services. as examples:
•   non-compliance generally could result in the termination of ongoing clinical trials or sales and marketing projects or the disqualification of data for submission to regulatory authorities;

•   compromise of data from a particular trial, such as failure to verify that informed consent was obtained from patients, could require us to repeat the trial under the terms of our contract at no further cost to our customer, but at a substantial cost to us; and

•   breach of a contractual term could result in liability for damages or termination of the contract.

large clinical trials can cost hundreds of millions of dollars, and while we endeavor to contractually limit our exposure to such risks, improper performance of our services could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, damage our reputation and result in the cancellation of current contracts by or failure to obtain future contracts from the affected customer or other customers.
investigation of customers. from time to time, one or more of our customers are audited or investigated by regulatory authorities or enforcement agencies with respect to regulatory compliance of their clinical trials, programs or the marketing and sale of their drugs. in these situations, we have often provided services to our customers with respect to the clinical trials, programs or activities being audited or investigated, and we are called upon to respond to requests for information by the authorities and agencies. there is a risk that either our customers or regulatory authorities could claim that we performed our services improperly or that we are responsible for clinical trial or program compliance. if our customers or regulatory authorities make such claims against us and prove them, we could be subject to damages, fines or penalties. in addition, negative publicity regarding regulatory compliance of our customers’ clinical trials, programs or drugs could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation.
insufficient customer funding to complete a clinical trial. as noted above, clinical trials can cost hundreds of millions of dollars. there is a risk that we may initiate a clinical trial for a customer, and then the customer becomes unwilling or unable to fund the completion of the trial. in such a situation, notwithstanding the customer’s ability or willingness to pay for or otherwise facilitate the completion of the trial, we may be ethically bound to complete or wind down the trial at our own expense.
our research and development services could subject us to potential liability that may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
our business involves the testing of new drugs on patients in clinical trials and, if marketing approval is granted, the availability of these drugs to be prescribed to patients. our involvement in the clinical trials and development process creates a risk of liability for personal injury to or death of patients, particularly those with life-threatening illnesses, resulting from adverse reactions to the drugs administered during testing or after product launch, respectively. for example, we have from time to time been sued and may be sued in the future by
26
individuals alleging personal injury due to their participation in clinical trials and seeking damages from us under a variety of legal theories. although we maintain the types and amounts of insurance customary in the industries and countries in which we operate, if we are required to pay damages or incur defense costs in connection with any personal injury claim that is outside the scope of indemnification agreements we have with our customers, if any indemnification agreement is not performed in accordance with its terms or if our liability exceeds the amount of any applicable indemnification limits or available insurance coverage, our financial condition, results of operations and reputation could be materially and adversely affected. currently, we maintain professional liability insurance, including products liability for completed operations coverage, with annual aggregate limits in excess of $50.0 million. in the future, we may not be able to get adequate insurance for these types of risks at reasonable rates.
we also contract with physicians to serve as investigators in conducting clinical trials. if the investigators commit errors or make omissions during a clinical trial that result in harm to trial patients or after a clinical trial to a patient using the drug after it has received regulatory approval, claims for personal injury or products liability damages may result. additionally, if the investigators engage in fraudulent behavior, trial data may be compromised, which may require us to repeat the clinical trial or subject us to liability. we do not believe we are legally responsible for the medical care rendered by such third-party investigators, and we would vigorously defend any claims brought against us. however, it is possible we could be found liable for claims with respect to the actions of third-party investigators.
some of our services involve direct interaction with clinical trial subjects or volunteers and operation of phase i clinical facilities, which could create potential liability that may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we operate two facilities where phase i clinical trials are conducted, which ordinarily involve testing an investigational drug on a limited number of healthy individuals, typically 20 to 80 persons, to determine such drug’s basic safety. failure to operate such a facility in accordance with applicable regulations could result in that facility being shut down, which could disrupt our operations. additionally, we face risks associated with adverse events resulting from the administration of such drugs to healthy volunteers and the professional malpractice of medical care providers. occasionally, physicians employed at our phase i clinical facilities act as principal investigators in later-phase trials at those same facilities. we also directly employ nurses and other trained employees who assist in implementing the testing involved in our clinical trials, such as drawing blood from healthy volunteers. any professional malpractice or negligence by such investigators, nurses or other employees could potentially result in liability to us in the event of personal injury to or death of a healthy volunteer in clinical trials. this liability, particularly if it were to exceed the limits of any indemnification agreements and insurance coverage we may have, may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and reputation.
our commercial services could result in liability to us if a drug causes harm to a patient. while we are generally indemnified and insured against such risks, we may still suffer financial losses.
when we market drugs under contract for a biopharmaceutical company, we could suffer liability for harm allegedly caused by those drugs, either as a result of a lawsuit against the biopharmaceutical company to which we are joined, a lawsuit naming us or any of our subsidiaries or an action launched by a regulatory body. while we are indemnified by the biopharmaceutical company for the action of the drugs we market on its behalf, and we carry insurance to cover harm caused by our negligence in performing services, it is possible that we could nonetheless incur financial losses, regulatory penalties or both. in particular, any claim could result in potential liability for us if the claim is outside the scope of the indemnification agreement we have with the biopharmaceutical company, the biopharmaceutical company does not abide by the indemnification agreement as required or the liability exceeds the amount of any applicable indemnification limits or available insurance coverage. such a finding could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and reputation. furthermore, negative publicity associated with harm caused by drugs we helped to market could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation.
27
our insurance may not cover all of our indemnification obligations and other liabilities associated with our operations.
we maintain insurance designed to provide coverage for ordinary risks associated with our operations and our ordinary indemnification obligations with annual aggregate limits in excess of $50.0 million. the coverage provided by such insurance may not be adequate for all claims we may make or may be contested by our insurance carriers. if our insurance is not adequate or available to pay liabilities associated with our operations, or if we are unable to purchase adequate insurance at reasonable rates in the future, our profitability may be adversely impacted.
if we are unable to attract suitable investigators and patients for our clinical trials, our clinical development business might suffer.
the recruitment of investigators and patients for clinical trials is essential to our business. investigators are typically located at hospitals, clinics or other sites and supervise the administration of the investigational drug to patients during the course of a clinical trial. patients generally include people from the communities in which the clinical trials are conducted. our clinical development business could be adversely affected if we are unable to attract suitable and willing investigators or patients for clinical trials on a consistent basis. for example, if we are unable to engage investigators to conduct clinical trials as planned or enroll sufficient patients in clinical trials, we might need to expend additional funds to obtain access to resources or else be compelled to delay or modify the clinical trial plans, which may result in additional costs to us.
if we lose the services of key personnel or are unable to recruit experienced personnel, our business could be adversely affected.
our success substantially depends on the collective performance, contributions and expertise of our senior management team and other key personnel including qualified management, professional, scientific and technical operating staff and qualified sales representatives for our contract sales services. there is significant competition for qualified personnel, particularly those with higher educational degrees, such as a medical degree, a ph.d. or an equivalent degree, in the biopharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical services industries. the departure of any key executive, or our inability to continue to identify, attract and retain qualified personnel or replace any departed personnel in a timely fashion, may impact our ability to grow our business and compete effectively in our industry and may negatively affect our ability to meet financial and operational goals.
exchange rate fluctuations may affect our results of operations and financial condition.
in 2014, approximately 38% of our service revenues were denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar. because a large portion of our service revenues and expenses are denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar and our financial statements are reported in united states dollars, changes in foreign currency exchange rates could significantly affect our results of operations and financial condition. exchange rate fluctuations between local currencies and the united states dollar create risk in several ways, including:
foreign currency translation risk. the revenue and expenses of our foreign operations are generally denominated in local currencies and translated into united states dollars for financial reporting purposes. accordingly, exchange rate fluctuations will affect the translation of foreign results into united states dollars for purposes of reporting our consolidated results.
foreign currency transaction risk. we are subject to foreign currency transaction risk for fluctuations in exchange rates during the period of time between the consummation and cash settlement of a transaction. we earn revenue from our service contracts over a period of several months and, in some cases, over several years. accordingly, exchange rate fluctuations during this period may affect our profitability with respect to such contracts.
28
we may limit these risks through exchange rate fluctuation provisions stated in our service contracts, or we may hedge our transaction risk with foreign currency exchange contracts or options. we have not, however, hedged 100% of our foreign currency transaction risk, and we may experience fluctuations in financial results from our operations outside the united states and foreign currency transaction risk associated with our service contracts.
disruptions in the credit and capital markets and unfavorable general economic conditions could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
disruptions in the credit and capital markets could have negative effects on our business that may be difficult to predict or anticipate, including the ability of our customers, vendors, contractors and financing sources to meet their contractual obligations. although we are unable to quantify the impact it has had on us, we are aware of a limited number of instances during the past several years where cancellations, changes in scope and failure to pay timely were attributable, at least in part, to difficulty in our customers’ ability to obtain financing. in the future such actions by our customers could, if they involve a significant amount of business with us, have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
our effective income tax rate may fluctuate, which may adversely affect our operations, earnings and earnings per share.
our effective income tax rate is influenced by our projected profitability in the various taxing jurisdictions in which we operate. changes in the distribution of profits and losses among taxing jurisdictions may have a significant impact on our effective income tax rate, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our net income and earnings per share. factors that may affect our effective income tax rate include, but are not limited to:
•   the requirement to exclude from our quarterly worldwide effective income tax calculations losses in jurisdictions where no income tax benefit can be recognized;

•   actual and projected full year pre-tax income;

•   the repatriation of foreign earnings to the united states;

•   changes in tax laws in various taxing jurisdictions;

•   audits by taxing authorities; and

•   the establishment of valuation allowances against deferred income tax assets if we determined that it is more likely than not that future income tax benefits will not be realized.

these changes may cause fluctuations in our effective income tax rate that could adversely affect our results of operations and cause fluctuations in our earnings and earnings per share.
we have only a limited ability to protect our intellectual property rights, and these rights are important to our success.
our success depends, in part, upon our ability to develop, use and protect our proprietary methodologies, analytics, systems, technologies and other intellectual property. existing laws of the various countries in which we provide services or solutions offer only limited protection of our intellectual property rights, and the protection in some countries may be very limited. we rely upon a combination of trade secrets, confidentiality policies, nondisclosure, invention assignment and other contractual arrangements, and patent, copyright and trademark laws, to protect our intellectual property rights. these laws are subject to change at any time and certain agreements may not be fully enforceable, which could further restrict our ability to protect our innovations. our intellectual property rights may not prevent competitors from independently developing services similar to or duplicative of ours. further, the steps we take in this regard might not be adequate to prevent or deter infringement or other misappropriation of our intellectual property by competitors, former
29
employees or other third parties, and we might not be able to detect unauthorized use of, or take appropriate and timely steps to enforce, our intellectual property rights. enforcing our rights might also require considerable time, money and oversight, and we may not be successful in enforcing our rights.
depending on the circumstances, we might need to grant a specific customer greater rights in intellectual property developed in connection with a contract than we otherwise generally do. in certain situations, we might forego all rights to the use of intellectual property we create, which would limit our ability to reuse that intellectual property for other customers. any limitation on our ability to provide a service or solution could cause us to lose revenue-generating opportunities and require us to incur additional expenses to develop or license new or modified solutions for future projects.
our relationships with existing or potential customers who are in competition with each other may adversely impact the degree to which other customers or potential customers use our services, which may adversely affect our results of operations.
the biopharmaceutical industry is highly competitive, with biopharmaceutical companies each seeking to persuade payers, providers and patients that their drug therapies are better and more cost-effective than competing therapies marketed or being developed by competing firms. in addition to the adverse competitive interests that biopharmaceutical companies have with each other, biopharmaceutical companies also have adverse interests with respect to drug selection and reimbursement with other participants in the healthcare industry, including payers and providers. biopharmaceutical companies also compete to be first to market with new drug therapies. we regularly provide services to biopharmaceutical companies who compete with each other, and we sometimes provide services or funding to such customers regarding competing drugs in development. our existing or future relationships with our biopharmaceutical customers may therefore deter other biopharmaceutical customers from using our services or may result in our customers seeking to place limits on our ability to serve other biopharmaceutical industry participants. in addition, our further expansion into the broader healthcare market may adversely impact our relationships with biopharmaceutical customers, and such customers may elect not to use our services, reduce the scope of services that we provide to them or seek to place restrictions on our ability to serve customers in the broader healthcare market with interests that are adverse to theirs. any loss of customers or reductions in the level of revenues from a customer could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, business and prospects.
if we are unable to successfully identify, acquire and integrate existing businesses, services and technologies, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted.
we anticipate that a portion of our future growth may come from acquiring existing businesses, services or technologies. the success of any acquisition will depend upon, among other things, our ability to effectively integrate acquired personnel, operations, products and technologies into our business and to retain the key personnel and customers of our acquired businesses. in addition, we may be unable to identify suitable acquisition opportunities or obtain any necessary financing on commercially acceptable terms. we may also spend time and money investigating and negotiating with potential acquisition targets but not complete the transaction. any future acquisition could involve other risks, including, among others, the assumption of additional liabilities and expenses, difficulties and expenses in connection with integrating the acquired companies and achieving the expected benefits, issuances of potentially dilutive securities or interest-bearing debt, loss of key employees of the acquired companies, transaction costs, diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns and, with respect to the acquisition of foreign companies, the inability to overcome differences in foreign business practices, language and customs. our failure to identify potential acquisitions, complete targeted acquisitions and integrate completed acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
30
investments in our customers’ businesses or drugs and our related commercial rights strategies could have a negative impact on our financial performance.
we may enter into arrangements with our customers or other drug companies in which we take on some of the risk of the potential success or failure of their businesses or drugs, including making strategic investments in our customers or other drug companies, providing financing to customers or other drug companies or acquiring an interest in the revenues from customers’ drugs or in entities developing a limited number of drugs. as of december 31, 2014, we had approximately $38.0 million of such arrangements, and we were also committed to invest an additional $25.0 million in the novaquest pharma opportunities fund iii, l.p., a private equity fund that seeks to enter into similar risk-based arrangements. our financial results would be adversely affected if these investments or the underlying drugs result in losses or do not achieve the level of success that we anticipate and/or our return or payment from the drug investment or financing is less than our direct and indirect costs with respect to these arrangements.
our results of operations may be adversely affected if we fail to realize the full value of our goodwill and intangible assets.
as of december 31, 2014, we had goodwill and net intangible assets of $744.7 million, which constituted approximately 22.5% of our total assets at the end of this period. we assess the realizability of our indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill annually and conduct an interim evaluation whenever events or changes in circumstances, such as operating losses or a significant decline in earnings associated with the acquired business or asset, indicate that these assets may be impaired. our ability to realize the value of the goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets will depend on the future cash flows of the businesses we have acquired, which in turn depend in part on how well we have integrated these businesses into our own business. if we are not able to realize the value of the goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, we may be required to incur material charges relating to the impairment of those assets. such impairment charges could materially and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
we face risks arising from the restructuring of our operations.
from time to time, we have adopted restructuring plans to improve our operating efficiency through various means such as reduction of overcapacity, elimination of non-billable support roles or other realignment of resources. for example, in 2014, our board approved restructuring plans of up to $13 million which resulted in a reduction of approximately 250 positions. in february 2013, our board approved a restructuring plan of up to $15 million which resulted in a reduction of approximately 400 positions. restructuring presents significant potential risks of events occurring that could adversely affect us, including a decrease in employee morale, the failure to achieve targeted cost savings and the failure to meet operational targets and customer requirements due to the loss of employees and any work stoppages that might occur.
we depend on third parties for critical support services.
we depend on third parties for support services vital to our business. such support services include, but are not limited to, third-party transportation providers, suppliers of drugs for patients participating in clinical trials, suppliers of kits for use in our central laboratory business, suppliers of reagents for use in our testing equipment and providers of maintenance contracts for our equipment. the failure of any of these third parties to adequately provide the critical support services could have a material adverse effect on our business.
risks relating to our industry the biopharmaceutical services industry is highly competitive.
the biopharmaceutical services industry is highly competitive. we often compete for business with other biopharmaceutical services companies, internal discovery departments, development departments, and sales and marketing departments within our customers, some of which could be considered large biopharmaceutical services companies in their own right with greater resources than ours. we also compete with universities and
31
teaching hospitals. if we do not compete successfully, our business will suffer. the industry is highly fragmented, with numerous smaller specialized companies and a handful of full-service companies with global capabilities similar to ours. increased competition has led to price and other forms of competition, such as acceptance of less favorable contract terms, that could adversely affect our operating results. there are few barriers to entry for smaller specialized companies considering entering the industry. because of their size and focus, these companies might compete effectively against larger companies such as us, which could have a material adverse impact on our business.
outsourcing trends in the biopharmaceutical industry and changes in aggregate spending and r&d budgets could adversely affect our operating results and growth rate.
economic factors and industry trends that affect biopharmaceutical companies affect our business. biopharmaceutical companies continue to seek long-term strategic collaborations with global cros with favorable pricing terms. competition for these collaborations is intense and we may decide to forego an opportunity or we may not be selected, in which case a competitor may enter into the collaboration and our business with the customer, if any, may be limited. in addition, if the biopharmaceutical industry reduces its outsourcing of clinical trials and sales and marketing projects or such outsourcing fails to grow at projected rates, our operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. we may also be negatively impacted by consolidation and other factors in the biopharmaceutical industry, which may slow decision making by our customers or result in the delay or cancellation of clinical trials. our commercial services may be affected by reductions in new drug launches and increases in the number of drugs losing patent protection. all of these events could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.
we may be affected by healthcare reform and potential additional reforms.
the united states congress continues to consider healthcare reform legislation and impose health industry cost containment measures, which may significantly impact the biopharmaceutical industry. in addition, numerous government bodies are considering or have adopted various healthcare reforms and may undertake, or are in the process of undertaking, efforts to control growing healthcare costs through legislation, regulation and voluntary agreements with medical care providers and biopharmaceutical companies. we are uncertain as to the effects of these recent reforms on our business and are unable to predict what legislative proposals, if any, will be adopted in the future. if regulatory cost containment efforts limit the profitability of new drugs, our customers may reduce their r&d spending or promotional, marketing and sales expenditures, which could reduce the business they outsource to us. similarly, if regulatory requirements are relaxed or simplified drug approval procedures are adopted, the demand for our services could decrease.
government bodies may also adopt healthcare legislation or regulations that are more burdensome than existing regulations. for example, product safety concerns and recommendations by the drug safety oversight board could change the regulatory environment for drug products, and new or heightened regulatory requirements may increase our expenses or limit our ability to offer some of our services. additionally, new or heightened regulatory requirements may have a negative impact on the ability of our customers to conduct industry-sponsored clinical trials, which could reduce the need for our services.
actions by government regulators or customers to limit a prescription’s scope or withdraw an approved drug from the market could adversely affect our business and result in a loss of revenues.
government regulators have the authority, after approving a drug, to limit its scope of prescription or withdraw it from the market completely based on safety concerns. similarly, customers may act to voluntarily limit the scope of prescription of drugs or withdraw them from the market. in the past, we have provided services with respect to drugs that have been limited and/or withdrawn. if we are providing services to customers for drugs that are limited or withdrawn, we may be required to narrow the scope of or terminate our services with respect to such drugs, which would prevent us from earning the full amount of service revenues anticipated under the related service contracts with negative impacts to our financial results.
32
current and proposed laws and regulations regarding the protection of personal data could result in increased risks of liability or increased cost to us or could limit our service offerings.
the confidentiality, collection, use and disclosure of personal data, including clinical trial patient-specific information, are subject to governmental regulation generally in the country that the personal data were collected or used. for example, united states federal regulations under the health insurance portability and accountability act of 1996, or hipaa, and as amended in 2014 by the health information technology for economic and clinical health (“hitech”) act, require individuals’ written authorization, in addition to any required informed consent, before protected health information may be used for research. such regulations specify standards for deidentifications and for limited data sets. we are both directly and indirectly affected by the privacy provisions surrounding individual authorizations because many investigators with whom we are involved in clinical trials are directly subject to them as a hipaa “covered entity” and because we obtain identifiable health information from third parties that are subject to such regulations. as there are some instances where we are a hipaa “business associate” of a “covered entity,” we can also be directly liable for mishandling protected health information. under hipaa’s enforcement scheme, we can be subject to up to $1.5 million in annual civil penalties for each hipaa violation.
in the european union, or eu, personal data includes any information that relates to an identified or identifiable natural person with health information carrying additional obligations, including obtaining the explicit consent from the individual for collection, use or disclosure of the information. in addition, we are subject to eu rules with respect to cross-border transfers of such data out of the eu. the united states, the eu and its member states, and other countries where we have operations, such as japan, south korea, malaysia, the philippines, russia and singapore, continue to issue new privacy and data protection rules and regulations that relate to personal data and health information. failure to comply with certain certification/registration and annual re-certification/registration provisions associated with these data protection and privacy regulations and rules in various jurisdictions, or to resolve any serious privacy complaints, could subject us to regulatory sanctions, criminal prosecution or civil liability. federal, state and foreign governments are contemplating or have proposed or adopted additional legislation governing the collection, possession, use or dissemination of personal data, such as personal health information, and personal financial data as well as security breach notification rules for loss or theft of such data. additional legislation or regulation of this type might, among other things, require us to implement new security measures and processes or bring within the legislation or regulation de-identified health or other personal data, each of which may require substantial expenditures or limit our ability to offer some of our services. additionally, if we violate applicable laws, regulations or duties relating to the use, privacy or security of personal data, we could be subject to civil liability or criminal prosecution, be forced to alter our business practices and suffer reputational harm. in the next few years, the european data protection framework may be revised as a generally applicable data regulation. the text has not yet been finalized, but it contains new provisions specifically directed at the processing of health information, sanctions of up to 5% of worldwide gross revenue and extra-territoriality measures intended to bring non-eu companies under the proposed regulation.
if we do not keep pace with rapid technological changes, our services may become less competitive or obsolete.
the biopharmaceutical industry generally, and drug development and clinical research more specifically, are subject to rapid technological changes. our current competitors or other businesses might develop technologies or services that are more effective or commercially attractive than, or render obsolete, our current or future technologies and services. if our competitors introduce superior technologies or services and if we cannot make enhancements to remain competitive, our competitive position would be harmed. if we are unable to compete successfully, we may lose customers or be unable to attract new customers, which could lead to a decrease in our revenue and financial condition.
33
the biopharmaceutical industry has a history of patent and other intellectual property litigation, and we might be involved in costly intellectual property lawsuits.
the biopharmaceutical industry has a history of intellectual property litigation, and these lawsuits will likely continue in the future. accordingly, we may face patent infringement suits by companies that have patents for similar business processes or other suits alleging infringement of their intellectual property rights. legal proceedings relating to intellectual property could be expensive, take significant time and divert management’s attention from other business concerns, regardless of the outcome of the litigation. if we do not prevail in an infringement lawsuit brought against us, we might have to pay substantial damages, and we could be required to stop the infringing activity or obtain a license to use technology on unfavorable terms.
risks relating to our indebtedness our substantial debt could adversely affect our financial condition.
as of december 31, 2014, we had $3.306 billion in total assets, $4.010 billion in total liabilities and a shareholders’ deficit of $704 million. included within total liabilities was $2.293 billion of total indebtedness, excluding $400.0 million of additional available borrowings under our revolving credit facility and $25.0 million of additional available borrowings under our receivables financing facility. our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition and thus make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our credit facilities. if our cash flow is not sufficient to service our debt and adequately fund our business, we may be required to seek further additional financing or refinancing or dispose of assets. we may not be able to influence any of these alternatives on satisfactory terms or at all. our substantial indebtedness could also:
•   increase our vulnerability to adverse general economic and industry conditions;

•   require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flows to fund working capital, investments, acquisitions, capital expenditures, r&amp;d efforts and other general corporate purposes;

•   limit our ability to make required payments under our existing contractual commitments, including our existing long-term indebtedness;

•   limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate;

•   place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt;

•   cause us to incur substantial fees from time to time in connection with debt amendments or refinancings;

•   increase our exposure to rising interest rates because a portion of our borrowings is at variable interest rates; and

•   limit our ability to borrow additional funds or to borrow on terms that are satisfactory to us.

despite our level of indebtedness, we are able to incur more debt and undertake additional obligations. incurring such debt or undertaking such additional obligations could further exacerbate the risks to our financial condition.
although our credit agreement, which governs the senior credit facilities of our wholly owned subsidiary through which we conduct our operations, quintiles transnational corp., or quintiles transnational, contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions and the indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could increase. in addition, the receivables financing agreement for our special purpose subsidiary, quintiles funding, llc, or quintiles funding, limits borrowing based on the amount of receivables purchased by quintiles funding from certain of our other subsidiaries, but when supported by the value of such purchased receivables, the debt under
34
our receivables financing facility can increase. we have $400.0 million available for borrowing under our senior secured revolving credit facility and $25.0 million of additional available borrowings under our receivables financing facility.
while the credit agreement also contains restrictions on our and our restricted subsidiaries’ ability to make loans and investments, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, and the investments incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial.
if we do not comply with the covenants governing our credit facilities, we may not have the funds necessary to pay all of our indebtedness that could become due.
the credit agreement governing our senior secured credit facilities requires us to comply with certain covenants. in particular, our credit agreement prohibits us from incurring any additional indebtedness, except in specified circumstances, or amending the terms of agreements relating to certain existing junior indebtedness, if any, in a manner materially adverse to the lenders under our credit agreement, without lender approval. further, our credit agreement contains customary covenants, including covenants that restrict our ability to acquire and dispose of assets, engage in mergers or reorganizations, pay dividends or make investments. in addition, our credit agreement requires us to make mandatory principal prepayments in certain circumstances, including with a portion of our excess cash flow if quintiles transnational’s total leverage ratio (as defined in the credit agreement) exceeds certain levels. a violation of any of these covenants could cause an event of default under our credit agreement.
the receivables financing agreement for our receivables financing facility requires certain of our subsidiaries to transfer receivables with adequate value to the lender under that facility to support repayment of amounts outstanding. in the event such transferred receivables are insufficient to support such outstanding amounts, we will be required to make prepayments under the receivables financing agreement. failure to make such prepayments or violations of the covenants in the receivables financing agreement could cause an event of default under the receivables financing agreement.
if we default on our senior secured credit agreement or our receivables financing agreement as a result of our failure to pay principal or interest when due, our material breach of any representation, warranty or covenant, or any other reason, all outstanding amounts could become immediately due and payable under either or both of such agreements. in such case, we may not have sufficient funds to repay all the outstanding amounts. in addition, or in the alternative, the lenders under our senior secured credit agreement could exercise their rights under the security documents entered into in connection with the senior secured credit agreement. any acceleration of amounts due under the credit agreement governing our outstanding indebtedness or the substantial exercise by the lenders under our senior secured credit agreement of their rights under the security documents would likely have a material adverse effect on us.
interest rate fluctuations may affect our results of operations and financial condition.
because we have variable rate debt, fluctuations in interest rates affect our business. we attempt to minimize interest rate risk and lower our overall borrowing costs through the utilization of derivative financial instruments, primarily interest rate swaps. we have entered into interest rate swaps with financial institutions that have reset dates and critical terms that match those of our senior secured term loan credit facility. accordingly, any change in market value associated with the interest rate swaps is offset by the opposite market impact on the related debt. as of december 31, 2014, we had approximately $2.0 billion of total indebtedness with variable interest at the greater of the three month libor or 1.25%, plus 2.50%, or 3.75% at december 31, 2014, of which $910.0 million, or 44.8%, was hedged at a fixed rate of 2.57%, leaving approximately $1.1 billion of unhedged variable rate debt. as of december 31, 2014, we also had $275.0 million of total indebtedness under our receivables financing facility with variable interest at libor plus 1.05%, or 1.22% at december 31, 2014. because we do not attempt to hedge all of our variable rate debt, we may incur higher interest costs for the
35
portion of our variable rate debt which is not hedged. each quarter-point increase or decrease in the variable interest rate would result in our interest expense changing by approximately $3.5 million per year under our unhedged variable rate debt.
risks relating to ownership of our common stock although we are no longer a “controlled company” within the meaning of the nyse rules, we are relying on exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements during a one year transition period.
we are no longer a “controlled company” within the meaning of the corporate governance standards contained in section 303a of the nyse listed company manual. consequently, as of november 10, 2014 the nyse rules require that we:
•   appoint at least a majority of independent directors to our compensation and nominating and governance committees within 90 days;

•   appoint a majority of independent directors to our board within one year; and

•   appoint compensation and nominating and governance committees composed entirely of independent directors within one year.

we intend to utilize the transition periods described above to achieve full compliance with these nyse requirements. as a result, at this time, we do not have a majority of independent directors, and our compensation and nominating and governance committees do not consist entirely of independent directors. accordingly, you do not, and during these transition periods you will not, have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of the nyse. in addition, if we are unable to comply with the heightened corporate governance requirements prior to the prescribed nyse deadlines, we may incur penalties or our shares could be delisted.
provisions of our corporate governance documents could make an acquisition of our company more difficult and may prevent attempts by our shareholders to replace or remove our current management, even if beneficial to our shareholders.
provisions of our articles of incorporation and our bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control of our company that shareholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which you might otherwise receive a premium for your shares. these provisions could also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock, thereby depressing the market price of our common stock. in addition, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our shareholders to replace or remove members of our board. because our board is responsible for appointing the members of our management team, these provisions could in turn frustrate or prevent any attempt to replace or remove current members of our management team. among others, these provisions include (1) our ability to issue preferred stock without shareholder approval, (2) the requirement that our shareholders may not act without a meeting, (3) requirements for advance notification of shareholder nominations and proposals contained in our bylaws, (4) the absence of cumulative voting for our directors, (5) requirements for shareholder approval of certain business combinations and (6) the limitations on director nominations contained in our shareholders agreement.
our operating results and share price may be volatile, which could cause the value of our shareholders’ investments to decline.
our quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate in the future, and such fluctuations may be significant. in addition, securities markets worldwide have experienced, and are likely to continue to experience, significant price and volume fluctuations. this market volatility, as well as general economic, market or political conditions, could subject the market price of our shares to wide price fluctuations regardless of our operating performance. our operating results and the trading price of our shares may fluctuate in response to various factors, including:
•   market conditions in the broader stock market;

•   actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly and annual financial and operating results;

36
•   introduction of new products or services by us or our competitors;

•   issuance of new or changed securities analysts’ reports or recommendations;

•   sales, or anticipated sales, of large blocks of our stock;

•   additions or departures of key personnel;

•   regulatory or political developments;

•   litigation and governmental investigations;

•   changing economic conditions; and

•   exchange rate fluctuations.

these and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, may cause our operating results and the market price for our shares to fluctuate substantially. while we believe that operating results for any particular quarter are not necessarily a meaningful indication of future results, fluctuations in our quarterly operating results could limit or prevent investors from readily selling their shares and may otherwise negatively affect the market price and liquidity of our shares. in addition, in the past, when the market price of a stock has been volatile, holders of that stock have sometimes instituted securities class action litigation against the company that issued the stock. if any of our shareholders brought a lawsuit against us, we could incur substantial costs defending the lawsuit. such a lawsuit could also divert the time and attention of our management from our business, which could significantly harm our profitability and reputation.
there may be sales of a substantial amount of our common stock by our current shareholders, and these sales could cause the price of our common stock to fall.
as of february 5, 2015, there were 124,315,113 shares of common stock outstanding. approximately 41.5% of our outstanding common stock is held by parties to the shareholders agreement.
sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales will occur, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and make it difficult for us to raise funds through securities offerings in the future.
shareholders that are a party to an amended and restated registration rights agreement, or the registration rights agreement, may require us to register their shares for resale under the federal securities laws. under the registration rights agreement, we are required to pay the registration expenses associated with the registration of such shares, not including the underwriting discounts, commissions and transfer taxes. registration of those shares would allow those shareholders to immediately resell their shares in the public market. any such sales or the anticipation of such sales may cause the market price of our common stock to decline.
since we have no current plans to pay regular cash dividends on our common stock, shareholders may not receive any return on investment unless they sell their common stock for a price greater than that which they paid for it.
although we have previously declared dividends to our shareholders, we do not currently anticipate paying any regular cash dividends on our common stock. any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of our board and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors that our board may deem relevant. in addition, our ability to pay dividends is, and may be, limited by covenants of existing and any future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur, including under our existing credit facilities. therefore, any return on investment in our common stock is solely dependent upon the appreciation of the price of our common stock on the open market, which may not occur. see part ii, item 5 “market for registrant’s common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities—policy” for more detail.
37
the parties to the shareholders agreement have significant influence over us, including decisions that require the approval of our shareholders, which could limit your ability to influence the outcome of matters submitted to shareholders for a vote.
the parties to the shareholders agreement own approximately 41.5% of the outstanding shares of our common stock. among other things, the shareholders agreement requires such shareholders to vote in favor of certain nominees to our board. as a result, this group potentially has the ability to influence, or in some situations, possibly control our decisions to enter into any corporate transaction (and the terms thereof) and the ability to prevent any change in the composition of our board and any transaction that requires shareholder approval regardless of whether others believe that such change or transaction is in our best interests. additionally, the parties to the shareholders agreement are in the business of making investments in companies and may from time to time acquire and hold interests in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us. one or more of the parties to the shareholders agreement may also pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. so long as the parties to the shareholders agreement continue to own a significant amount of our equity, if they exercise their shareholder rights collectively, they will be able to significantly influence our decisions.
our amended and restated articles of incorporation contain a provision renouncing any interest and expectancy in certain corporate opportunities identified by certain of our affiliates, even if such corporate opportunities are ones that we might reasonably be deemed to have pursued or had the ability or desire to pursue.
our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide for the allocation of certain corporate opportunities between us, on the one hand, and certain of our shareholders, on the other hand. as set forth in our amended and restated articles of incorporation, neither such shareholders, nor any director, officer, shareholder, member, manager, or employee of such shareholders, have any fiduciary duty or any other duty to refrain from engaging, directly or indirectly, in the same business activities or similar business activities or lines of business in which we operate. to the full extent permitted by applicable law, we have renounced any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, business opportunities that are from time to time presented to certain of our shareholders, even if the opportunity is one that we might reasonably deem to have pursued or had the ability or desire to pursue, if granted, the opportunity to do so, and each such shareholders shall have no duty to communicate or offer such business opportunity to us and, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, shall not be liable to us or, to the extent applicable, any of its or their shareholders, for breach of any fiduciary or other duty, as a director or officer or otherwise, by reason of the fact that such shareholders pursues or acquires such business opportunity, directs such business opportunity to another person or fails to present such business opportunity, or information regarding such business opportunity, to us. therefore, a director or officer of our company who also serves as a director, officer, member, manager, or employee of such shareholders may pursue certain business opportunities, including acquisitions, that may be complementary to our business and, as a result, such opportunities may not be available to us. these potential conflicts of interest could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or prospects if attractive corporate opportunities are allocated by such shareholders to themselves or their other affiliates instead of to us.
item 7. management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations you should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this annual report, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. you should read the “risk factors” section of this annual report for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis.
overview our business is currently organized in two reportable segments, product development and integrated healthcare services.
for the year ended december 31, 2014, our service revenues increased $357.5 million, or 9.4%, to $4.2 billion at actual foreign exchange rates compared to 2013. our growth in service revenues excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations (“constant currency”) was $383.2 million, or 10.1%, with $183.2 million, or 6.3%, growth in the product development segment and $200.0 million, or 22.5%, growth in the integrated healthcare services segment.
for the year ended december 31, 2014, income from operations was $590.4 million; net income attributable to quintiles transnational holdings inc. was $356.4 million; and diluted earnings per share was $2.72.
net new business was $5,602 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. this net new business contributed to an ending backlog of $11,244 million at december 31, 2014. “net new business” and “backlog” are defined under “net new business reporting and backlog” in part i, item 1, “business” of this annual report on form 10-k.
product development product development provides services and expertise that allow biopharmaceutical companies to outsource the clinical development process from first-in-man trials to post-launch monitoring. our comprehensive service offerings provide the support and functional expertise necessary at each stage of development, as well as the systems and analytical capabilities to help our customers improve product development efficiency and effectiveness. product development is comprised of clinical solutions and services and consulting. clinical solutions and services provides services necessary to develop biopharmaceutical products. these services include project management and clinical monitoring functions for conducting multi-site trials (generally phase ii-iv) (collectively “core clinical”). these also include clinical trial support services that improve clinical trial decision-making, such as global laboratories, data management, biostatistical, safety and pharmacovigilance, early clinical development trials (generally phase i), and strategic planning and design services, which help improve decisions and performance. we also provide functional resourcing services that cover a range of areas. consulting provides strategy and management consulting services based on life science expertise and advanced analytics, as well as regulatory and compliance consulting services.
integrated healthcare services integrated healthcare services provides a broad array of services including commercial services, such as providing contract pharmaceutical sales forces in key geographic markets, as well as a growing number of healthcare business services for the broader healthcare sector. our customized commercialization services are designed to accelerate the commercial success of biopharmaceutical and other health-related products. service offerings include commercial services (sales representatives, strategy, marketing communications and other areas related to commercialization), real-world and late phase research (drug therapy analysis, real-world research and
45
evidence-based medicine, including research studies to prove a drug’s value), other healthcare services (comparative and cost-effectiveness research capabilities, decision support services, medication adherence and health outcome optimization services, and web-based systems for measuring quality improvement), and ehr implementation and advisory services.
on july 1, 2014, we completed the acquisition of encore for approximately $91.5 million in cash (net of approximately $2.2 million of acquired cash).
industry outlook the potential of the cro market served by product development is primarily a function of two variables: biopharmaceutical r&d spending and the proportion of this spending that is outsourced (outsourcing penetration). we expect outsourced clinical development to cros to increase 6%-8% annually from 2014 to 2017. of this annual growth, we believe that up to 2% will be derived from increased r&d expenditures, with the remainder coming from increased outsourcing penetration. we estimate that overall outsourcing penetration in 2014 was 39%. we believe that our customers will continue to outsource a greater part of their activities to transform their value chain away from a vertically integrated model and focus on their core competencies to lower risk and improve return, with a focus on selecting outsourcing partners that are able to demonstrate the ability to provide flexible and efficient delivery models that leverage patient data to help biopharmaceutical companies deliver more effective patient outcomes. we believe that increased demand will create new opportunities for biopharmaceutical services companies, particularly those with a global reach.
integrated healthcare services historically has focused on biopharmaceutical companies seeking to commercialize their products. the total market served by integrated healthcare services is diverse, which makes it difficult to estimate the current amount of outsourced integrated healthcare services and the expected growth in such services. however, based on our knowledge of these markets we believe that, while the rate of outsourcing penetration varies by market within integrated healthcare services, the overall outsourcing penetration of the estimated $98 billion addressable market is approximately 23%. we believe that the market for real-world and late phase research and other healthcare services will evolve and expand, and as a result, there will be opportunities to grow our revenues and expand our service offerings. as business models continue to evolve in the healthcare sector, we believe that the growth rate for outsourcing across the integrated healthcare services markets to increase 6%-8% annually from 2014 to 2017.
acquisitions we completed a number of acquisitions in 2012, 2013 and 2014 to enhance our capabilities and offerings in certain areas. in august 2012, we acquired expression analysis, inc. for $39.7 million to enhance our genetic sequencing and advanced bioinformatics expertise. in september 2013, we acquired novella clinical inc., or novella, for approximately $146.6 million (net of approximately $26.2 million of acquired cash) (with contingent consideration of up to $21.0 million) to complement our clinical service offerings through its focus on emerging companies and by adding expertise in oncology and medical devices. in july 2014, we completed the acquisition of encore for approximately $91.5 million in cash (net of approximately $2.2 million of acquired cash) to enhance our ehr expertise. see note 14 to our audited consolidated financial statements found elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information with respect to these acquisitions. the results of operations of acquired businesses have been included since the date of acquisition and were not significant to our consolidated results of operations.
sources of revenue total revenues are comprised of service revenues and revenues from reimbursed expenses. service revenues primarily include the revenue we earn from providing product development and commercialization services to our customers, with product development services representing 74.4% of our 2014 service revenues and
46
integrated healthcare services representing 25.6% of our 2014 service revenues. reimbursed expenses are comprised principally of payments to physicians (investigators) who oversee clinical trials and travel expenses for our clinical monitors and sales representatives. reimbursed expenses may fluctuate from period-to-period due, in part, to where we are in the lifecycle of the many contracts that are in progress at a particular point in time. for instance, these pass-through costs tend to be higher during the early phases of clinical trials as a result of patient recruitment efforts. as reimbursed expenses are pass-through costs to our customers with little to no profit and we believe that the fluctuations from period to period are not meaningful to our underlying performance, we do not provide analysis of the fluctuations in these items or their impact on our financial results.
costs and expenses our costs and expenses are comprised primarily of our costs of revenues and selling, general and administrative expenses.
our costs of revenues consist of service costs and reimbursed expenses. service costs include compensation and benefits for billable employees, depreciation of assets used in generating revenue and other expenses directly related to service contracts such as courier fees, laboratory supplies, professional services, travel expenses and the cost of products sold under distribution agreements. as noted above, reimbursed expenses are comprised principally of payments to physicians (investigators) who oversee clinical trials and travel expenses for our clinical monitors and sales representatives.
selling, general and administrative expenses include costs related to administrative functions including compensation and benefits, travel, professional services, training and expenses for advertising, it, facilities and depreciation and amortization.
foreign currency fluctuations the impact from foreign currency fluctuations and constant currency information assumes constant foreign currency exchange rates based on the rates in effect for the comparable prior-year period were used in translation. we believe that providing the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency rates on certain financial results can facilitate analysis of period-to-period comparisons of business performance.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013 and the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the year ended december 31, 2012
backlog and net new business we began 2014 with backlog of $9,855 million, which was 13% higher than at the beginning of 2013. backlog at december 31, 2014 was $11,244 million.
net new business grew 14% in 2014 to $5,602 million from $4,899 million in 2013, driven by growth in both product development and integrated healthcare services. product development’s net new business increased 16% to $4,374 million in 2014 as compared to $3,772 million in 2013, led by higher growth in net new business for functional resourcing services, which included the renewal of two five-year contracts for clinical services and data management services, growth in net new business for core clinical services in asia, as well as net new business generated from the novella acquisition and clinical trial support services, including early clinical development and lifecycle safety. integrated healthcare services’ net new business increased 9% to $1,228 million in 2014 as compared to $1,127 million in 2013, related primarily to growth in commercial services in north america, an increase in new business from real-world and late phase research services, and net new business from the encore acquisition.
47
net new business grew 9% in 2013 to $4,899 million from $4,501 million in 2012, driven by growth in both product development and integrated healthcare services. product development’s net new business increased 9% to $3,772 million in 2013 as compared to $3,474 million in 2012, led by increases in core clinical in north america and europe (including projects awarded under two sole provider arrangements signed in 2013) and data management services (which benefited from functional resourcing and the sole provider arrangements signed during 2013). integrated healthcare services’ net new business grew 10% in 2013 to $1,127 million from $1,027 million in 2012 due to an increase in north america and europe.
our backlog at december 31, 2014 was $11,244 million compared to backlog of $9,855 million at december 31, 2013. although an increase in backlog will generally result in an increase in revenues to be recognized over time (depending on the level of contract modifications), an increase in backlog at a particular point in time does not necessarily correspond directly to an increase in revenues during a particular period. the extent to which contracts in backlog will result in revenue depends on many factors, including but not limited to delivery against projected schedules, the need for scope changes (change orders), contract cancellations and the nature, duration, size, complexity and phase of the contracts, each of which factors can vary significantly from time to time. revenue recognition occurs over extended periods of time and is subject to unanticipated delays. fluctuations in our reported backlog and net new business levels may result from the fact that we may receive a small number of relatively large orders in any given reporting period that may be included in our backlog and net new business. because of these large orders, our backlog and net new business in that reporting period may reach levels that may not be sustained in subsequent reporting periods. as we increasingly compete for and enter into large contracts that are more global in nature, we expect the rate at which our backlog and net new business convert into revenue to increase, or lengthen. our $11,244 million of backlog at december 31, 2014 included approximately $7,593 million of backlog that we do not expect to generate revenue in 2015 as compared to our $9,855 million of backlog at december 31, 2013, which included approximately $6,342 million of backlog that we did not expect to generate revenue in 2014. our ability to grow revenues in the near term at rates comparable to our recent historical results will depend on many factors, including but not limited to the factors affecting the rate at which revenues are derived from backlog, continued growth in net new business that will generate revenue and factors not within our control such as economic conditions and trends in the industry in which we do business.
service revenues change year ended december 31,                                             2014 vs. 2013                          2013 vs. 2012
2014                   2013                    2012                     $                     %                $                     %
(dollars in millions)
service revenues       $4,165.8                $3,808.3                $3,692.3            $357.5                9.4       %      $116.0                3.1       %
in 2014, our service revenues increased $357.5 million, or 9.4%, as compared to 2013. this increase is comprised of constant currency revenue growth of approximately $383.2 million, or 10.1%, offset by a negative impact of approximately $25.7 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency service revenue growth, which includes the impact from the novella and encore acquisitions, is comprised of a $183.2 million increase in product development and a $200.0 million increase in integrated healthcare services.
in 2013, our service revenues increased $116.0 million, or 3.1%, as compared to 2012. this increase is comprised of constant currency revenue growth of approximately $186.6 million, or 5.1%, partially offset by a negative impact of approximately $70.6 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency revenue growth, which includes the impact from business combinations completed in 2012 and 2013, is comprised of a $214.6 million increase in product development, partially offset by a decrease of $28.0 million in integrated healthcare services.
48
costs of revenue, service costs year ended december 31,
2014                   2013                    2012
(dollars in millions)
costs of revenue, service costs          $2,684.1                $2,471.4                $2,459.4
% of service revenues                        64.4    %               64.9    %               66.6   %
when compared to 2013, service costs in 2014 increased $212.7 million. the increase included a constant currency increase in expenses of approximately $253.5 million, or 10.3%, partially offset by a positive impact of approximately $40.8 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency service costs growth was due to incremental costs resulting from the novella and encore acquisitions and increases in compensation and related expenses due to (1) an increase in billable headcount needed to support our higher volume of revenue, (2) annual merit increases, and (3) a reduction of an accrual for statutory profit sharing of approximately $5.4 million in 2013 as a result of guidance handed down by an administrative court in france. these increases in compensation and related expenses were partially offset by a $10.6 million increase in the benefit from research and development grants primarily from france and austria as well as efficiencies gained from restructuring activities taken in prior years.
when compared to 2012, service costs in 2013 increased $12.0 million. the increase included a constant currency increase in expenses of approximately $85.0 million, or 3.5%, partially offset by a positive impact of approximately $73.0 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency service costs growth was due to annual merit increases in compensation and related expenses, partially offset by cost efficiencies gained from restructuring actions taken in prior years, as well as incremental costs resulting from the business combinations completed in 2012 and 2013. these increases were partially offset by a decline in other expenses directly related to our service contracts, as well as by a reduction of an accrual for statutory profit sharing of approximately $5.4 million in 2013 as a result of guidance handed down by an administrative court in france.
selling, general and administrative year ended december 31,
2014                 2013                  2012
(dollars in millions)
selling, general and administrative          $882.3                $860.5                $817.8
% of service revenues                          21.2    %             22.6    %             22.1   %
the $21.8 million increase in selling, general and administrative expenses in 2014 was due to a constant currency increase of $29.3 million, or 3.4%, partially offset by a decrease of $7.5 million from a positive foreign currency impact. the constant currency increase was primarily due to (1) incremental costs from the novella and encore acquisitions, (2) an increase in share-based compensation and (3) increases in compensation and related expenses resulting primarily from annual merit increases and an increase in headcount. these increases were partially offset by expenses incurred in 2013 that did not recur in 2014 including a $25.0 million fee paid in connection with the termination of our management agreement with affiliates of certain of our shareholders, $10.0 million of severance expense associated with cost reduction programs, executive separation costs of approximately $5.3 million, and a $1.5 million fee paid in connection with the modification of an agreement for the business usage of an airplane owned by gf management company, llc, or gfm, a company controlled by our executive chairman.
the $42.7 million increase in selling, general and administrative expenses in 2013 was due to a constant currency increase of $59.0 million, or 7.2%, partially offset by a decrease of $16.3 million from a positive foreign currency impact. the constant currency increase was primarily due to (1) expenses incurred related to a
49
$25.0 million fee paid in connection with the termination of our management agreement with affiliates of certain of our shareholders, and a $1.5 million fee paid in connection with the modification of an agreement for the business usage of an airplane owned by gfm, (2) severance accruals of approximately $10.0 million related to overhead cost reduction programs to be carried out in 2014, (3) executive separation costs of approximately $5.3 million, (4) the impact from the business combinations completed in 2012 and 2013, (5) increases in compensation and related expenses resulting primarily from annual merit increases, and (6) growth related increases in facilities costs and depreciation and amortization. these increases were partially offset by lower travel costs, lower share-based compensation and the fact that 2012 included expenses related to a bonus paid to certain option holders in connection with dividends paid to our shareholders (totaling $11.3 million), which did not recur in 2013. the lower share-based compensation was as a result of the fact that expense from recent stock option grants was more than offset by a $13.6 million decline in expense related to the repricing of certain stock options in 2012 that did not recur in 2013.
restructuring costs year ended december 31,
2014               2013                2012
(in millions)
restructuring costs       $9.0                $14.1               $18.7
during 2014, we recognized $9.0 million of restructuring charges, net of reversals for changes in estimates which was primarily related to our 2014 restructuring plans to better align our resources with our strategic direction, which resulted in a reduction of approximately 250 positions. we believe that these plans will result in annualized cost savings of approximately $20.0 to $25.0 million.
during 2013, we recognized $14.1 million of restructuring charges, net of reversals for changes in estimates which was primarily related to our february 2013 restructuring plan to migrate the delivery of services and to reduce anticipated overcapacity in selected areas, which resulted in a reduction of approximately 400 positions. we believe that this plan has resulted in annual cost savings of approximately $15.0 to $20.0 million.
during 2012, we recognized $18.7 million of restructuring charges, net of reversals for changes in estimates which was primarily related to our may 2012 restructuring plan to reduce staffing overcapacity and to rationalize non-billable support roles, which resulted in a reduction of approximately 280 positions, primarily in europe. we believe that this plan has resulted in annual cost savings of approximately $15.0 to $25.0 million.
interest income and interest expense year ended december 31,
2014                 2013                  2012
(in millions)
interest income        $(3.4       )         $(3.9       )         $(3.1       )
interest expense       $100.6                $123.5                $134.4
interest income includes interest received from bank balances and investments.
interest expense during 2014 was lower than 2013 in part due to a decrease in the average rate of interest. the average rate of interest on the term loan under our senior secured credit facility during 2014 was lower than it was during 2013 due to a reduction in the interest rate pursuant to the terms and conditions in the credit agreement as well as from the refinancing transaction we completed in the fourth quarter of 2013. in addition to the lower average rate of interest, interest expense during 2014 also benefited from a decrease in the average debt outstanding as a result of the repayment of the $300.0 million term loan, which quintiles transnational holdings
50
inc. obtained in february 2012 and paid in full in may 2013, the pay down of $50.0 million of outstanding indebtedness under our senior secured credit facilities in may 2013, the mandatory prepayment of $33.8 million of outstanding indebtedness under our senior secured credit facilities in the first quarter of 2013, and the $25.0 million prepayment of outstanding indebtedness under our senior secured credit facilities in december 2014. these repayments more than offset the impact on the average debt outstanding of the $275.0 million term loan issued under the receivables financing facility in december 2014 and the $150.0 million draw on our line of credit in 2014, which was repaid with the proceeds of the receivables financing facility term loan.
interest expense for 2013 was lower than 2012 primarily due to a decrease in the average debt outstanding in 2013 compared to 2012 resulting from the repayment of the $300.0 million term loan, which quintiles transnational holdings inc. obtained in february 2012 and paid in full in may 2013, the pay down of $50.0 million of outstanding indebtedness under our senior secured credit facilities in may 2013, and the mandatory prepayment of $33.8 million of outstanding indebtedness under our senior secured credit facilities in the first quarter of 2013, offset by the increase that resulted from the $175.0 million term loan b-1, which our wholly-owned subsidiary, quintiles transnational, obtained under the credit agreement governing our senior secured credit facilities in october 2012. in addition, the average rate of interest in 2013 on the term loans under our senior secured credit facilities was lower than it was in 2012 due to (1) a 50 basis point decrease in the interest rate on the term loan b-2 beginning in august 2013, pursuant to the terms and conditions in the credit agreement, and (2) the reductions in the interest rate that resulted from the refinancing transactions in the fourth quarters of 2012 and 2013.
loss on extinguishment of debt year ended december 31,
2014               2013                2012
(in millions)
loss on extinguishment of debt       $—                  $19.8               $1.3
in december 2013, we recognized a $3.3 million loss on extinguishment of debt on a portion of the debt retired related to the refinancing of our senior secured credit facilities. the loss on extinguishment of debt included $1.6 million of unamortized debt issuance costs, $1.6 million of unamortized discount and $25,000 of fees and expenses.
in may 2013, we recognized a $16.5 million loss on extinguishment of debt related to payment of all amounts outstanding under the $300.0 million term loan and a $50.0 million pay down of outstanding indebtedness under our senior secured credit facilities. the loss on extinguishment of debt included $5.6 million of unamortized debt issuance costs, $4.8 million of unamortized discount and $6.1 million of fees and expenses.
in 2012, we recognized a $1.3 million loss on extinguishment of debt on a portion of the debt retired related to our 2012 refinancing. the loss on extinguishment of debt included $634,000 of unamortized debt issuance costs, $631,000 of unamortized discount and $10,000 of fees and expenses.
see “—liquidity and capital resources” for more information on these transactions.
other (income) expense, net year ended december 31,
2014               2013                2012
(in millions)
other (income) expense, net       $(9.0     )         $(0.2     )         $(3.6     )
51
other (income) expense, net for 2014 included income of approximately $8.6 million due to changes in the estimated fair value of contingent consideration from an acquisition as well as a gain from the sale of marketable equity securities of approximately $5.0 million, partially offset by other expenses, primarily consisting of $4.9 million of foreign currency net losses.
other (income) expense, net for 2013 included income of approximately $3.5 million due to changes in the estimated fair value of contingent consideration for two of our acquisitions completed in 2011. in addition, 2013 included approximately $4.0 million of foreign currency net losses.
other (income) expense, net for 2012 included income of approximately $4.6 million due to changes in the estimated fair value of contingent consideration for two of our acquisitions completed in 2011. in addition, 2012 included approximately $1.1 million of foreign currency net losses.
income tax expense year ended december 31,
2014                 2013                2012
(dollars in millions)
income tax expense                 $150.1               $96.0               $93.4
effective income tax rate            29.9    %           29.7    %           34.9   %
the effective income tax rate for 2013 was negatively impacted by the settlement of certain intercompany notes in 2013 that had previously been considered long-term investments, which resulted in $11.1 million of income tax expense. this negative impact was primarily offset by our change in assertion regarding the undistributed earnings of most of our foreign subsidiaries that are considered to be indefinitely reinvested outside of the united states. prior to june 2013, we had not considered the majority of the undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries to be indefinitely reinvested. accordingly, 2012 was negatively impacted by income taxes provided on most of the earnings of the foreign subsidiaries, as a deferred income tax liability was recorded for the anticipated income tax costs of repatriating those earnings in the future. we reevaluated this assertion following the ipo, as a portion of the ipo proceeds were used to pay down debt held in the united states as well as the fact we do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future, which had been significant in the past. given our current debt balance, and related interest expense and the change in approach related to payment of dividends, we expect to be able to support the cash needs of our domestic subsidiaries without repatriating cash from the affected foreign subsidiaries. we expect to utilize the cash generated outside of the united states to fund growth outside of the united states. as a result of the assertion change, we recorded an $8.1 million income tax benefit in the second quarter of 2013 to reverse the deferred income tax liability previously recorded on undistributed foreign earnings prior to 2013 that are now considered indefinitely reinvested outside of the united states.
equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates year ended december 31,
2014               2013                2012
(in millions)
equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates       $4.4                $(1.1     )         $2.6
equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates in 2014 increased as compared to 2013 primarily due to gains from our investment in the novaquest pharma opportunities fund iii, l.p., partially offset by losses and write-downs incurred on another equity method investment.
52
segments service revenues and income from operations by segment are as follows (dollars in millions):
service revenues                                               income from operations                                   operating profit margin
2014                     2013                     2012                 2014                    2013                     2012                    2014               2013                2012
product development                           $3,097.8                 $2,919.7                 $2,728.7             $645.2                   $562.3                   $477.9              20.8   %            19.3   %            17.5   %
integrated healthcare services                 1,068.0                    888.6                    963.6               64.8                     42.1                     60.5               6.1                 4.7                 6.3
total segments                                 4,165.8                  3,808.3                  3,692.3              710.0                    604.4                    538.4              17.0   %            15.9   %            14.6   %
general corporate and unallocated                                                                                    (110.6   )               (128.0   )               (123.3   )
restructuring costs                                                                                                    (9.0   )                (14.1   )                (18.7   )
consolidated                                  $4,165.8                 $3,808.3                 $3,692.3             $590.4                   $462.3                   $396.4
certain costs are not allocated to our segments and are reported as general corporate and unallocated expenses. these costs primarily consist of share-based compensation and expenses for corporate office functions such as senior leadership, finance, human resources, it, facilities and legal, as well as certain expenses incurred in the second quarter of 2013 including the $25.0 million fee incurred in connection with the termination of the management agreement with affiliates of certain shareholders and the $1.5 million fee paid in connection with the modification of an agreement for the business usage of an airplane owned by gfm. we do not allocate restructuring or impairment charges to our segments.
product development change
2014                     2013                     2012                                        2014 vs. 2013                          2013 vs. 2012
(dollars in millions)
service revenues                                $3,097.8                 $2,919.7                 $2,728.7             $178.1                 6.1   %         $191.0                 7.0   %
costs of revenue, service costs                  1,820.9                  1,752.8                  1,683.3               68.1                 3.9               69.5                 4.1
as a percentage of service revenues                 58.8   %                 60.0   %                 61.7   %
selling, general and administrative                631.7                    604.6                    567.5               27.1                 4.5               37.1                 6.5
as a percentage of service revenues                 20.4   %                 20.7   %                 20.8   %
segment income from operations                    $645.2                   $562.3                   $477.9              $82.9                14.8   %          $84.4                17.7   %
as a percentage of service revenues                 20.8   %                 19.3   %                 17.5   %
service revenues
2014 compared to 2013
product development’s service revenues were $3.1 billion in 2014, an increase of $178.1 million, or 6.1%, over 2013. this increase was comprised of constant currency service revenue growth of $183.2 million, or 6.3%, offset by a negative impact of approximately $5.1 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency service revenue growth was primarily a result of a volume-related increase of $100.2 million in clinical solutions and services and $89.6 million from the novella acquisition, which were partially offset by a decrease of $6.6 from consulting services.
the volume-related service revenue growth was primarily from clinical solutions and services and was related to an increase in clinical solutions provided on a functional resource basis, clinical trial support services, core clinical services in asia and japan, and global laboratories services. this growth was due largely to execution on the higher backlog in place as we entered 2014. the rate of year-over-year revenue growth was negatively impacted by the wind-down of a large clinical solutions project delivered throughout 2013.
53
2013 compared to 2012
product development’s service revenues were $2.9 billion in 2013, an increase of $191.0 million, or 7.0%, over 2012. this increase is comprised of constant currency service revenue growth of $214.6 million, or 7.9%, partially offset by a negative impact of approximately $23.6 million due to the effect of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency service revenue growth was primarily a result of a volume-related increase of $191.4 million in clinical solutions and services and $52.4 million from businesses acquired in the third quarters of 2012 and 2013, which were partially offset by a decrease of $29.2 million from consulting services.
our clinical solutions and services growth for 2013 was concentrated in europe and the americas. this growth was due largely to growth in the overall market as well as a consistent history of year-over-year growth in net new business, including strong inflow of net new business in 2013. this growth was tempered by a decrease in service revenues from consulting services resulting primarily from the winding down of a project assisting a customer on a regulatory compliance matter, and from a large clinical solutions project on which we were executing in 2012 and 2013, but that was winding down in 2013.
costs of revenue, service costs
2014 compared to 2013
product development’s service costs increased approximately $68.1 million in 2014 over 2013. this increase was comprised of a $94.0 million constant currency increase, or 5.4%, partially offset by a reduction of $25.9 million from the positive effect of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency service costs growth was due to (1) incremental costs resulting from the novella acquisition, (2) an increase in billable headcount and other expenses directly related to our service contracts to support our higher volume of revenue, and (3) a reduction of an accrual for statutory profit sharing of approximately $5.4 million in 2013 as a result of guidance handed down by an administrative court in france. these increases in service costs were partially offset by a $10.6 million increase in the benefit from research and development grants primarily from france and austria as well as efficiencies gained from restructuring activities taken in prior years. as a percent of service revenues, product development’s service costs were 58.8% and 60.0% in 2014 and 2013, respectively. the decrease in service costs as a percentage of service revenues was primarily a result of a closer alignment of resources with project requirements, including cost efficiencies gained from restructuring actions taken in prior years.
2013 compared to 2012
product development’s service costs were higher by approximately $69.5 million in 2013, which was comprised of a $105.9 million constant currency increase, or 6.3%, partially offset by a reduction of $36.4 million from the positive effect of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency service costs growth was due to increases in compensation and related expenses resulting from an increase in billable headcount needed to support our higher volume of revenue as well as annual merit increases in compensation, partially offset by cost efficiencies gained from restructuring actions taken in prior years and incremental costs resulting from the business combinations completed in 2012 and 2013. the increase in compensation and related expenses was partially offset by a reduction of an accrual for statutory profit sharing of approximately $5.4 million in 2013 as a result of guidance handed down by an administrative court in france and lower third party and travel costs. as a percent of service revenues, product development’s service costs were 60.0% and 61.7% in 2013 and 2012, respectively. the decrease in service costs as a percentage of service revenues was primarily a result of a closer alignment of resources with project requirements, including cost efficiencies gained from restructuring actions taken in prior years, as well as the impact related to the profit sharing accrual reversal in europe.
selling, general and administrative
2014 compared to 2013
as a percent of service revenues, product development’s selling, general and administrative expenses were 20.4% and 20.7% in 2014 and 2013, respectively. product development’s selling, general and administrative
54
expenses increased approximately $27.1 million, or 4.5%, in 2014 as compared to 2013. this increase was primarily caused by the impact from the novella acquisition, increases in compensation and related expenses resulting from annual merit increases and an increase in headcount, and a growth related increase in it costs. these increases were partially offset by $8.4 million of costs incurred in 2013 that did not recur in 2014 for severance associated with cost reduction programs as well as a positive impact of approximately $6.5 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations.
2013 compared to 2012
as a percent of service revenues, product development’s selling, general and administrative expenses were 20.7% and 20.8% in 2013 and 2012, respectively. product development’s selling, general and administrative expenses increased approximately $37.1 million in 2013 as compared to 2012. this increase was primarily caused by increases in compensation and related expenses resulting from annual merit increases, facilities costs, depreciation and amortization, incremental costs for severance accruals of approximately $8.4 million related to overhead cost reduction programs, and the impact from the business combinations completed in 2012 and 2013. these increases were partially offset by a positive foreign currency impact of approximately $11.2 million.
integrated healthcare services change
2014                  2013                2012                                   2014 vs. 2013          2013 vs. 2012
(dollars in millions)
service revenues                             $1,068.0              $888.6              $963.6             $179.4                20.2   %      $(75.0        )               (7.8   %)
costs of revenue, service costs                 863.2               718.6               776.0              144.6                20.1                (57.4   )               (7.4   )
as a percentage of service revenues              80.8   %            80.9   %            80.5   %
selling, general and administrative             140.0               127.9               127.1               12.1                 9.5          0.8                     0.6
as a percentage of service revenues              13.1   %            14.4   %            13.2   %
segment income from operations                  $64.8               $42.1               $60.5              $22.7                53.8   %      $(18.4        )              (30.4   %)
as a percentage of service revenues               6.1   %             4.7   %             6.3   %
service revenues
2014 compared to 2013
integrated healthcare services’ service revenues were $1.1 billion in 2014, an increase of $179.4 million, or 20.2%, compared to 2013. this increase is comprised of constant currency service revenue growth of $200.0 million, or 22.5%, partially offset by a negative impact of approximately $20.6 million due to the effect of foreign currency fluctuations. the increase in constant currency service revenues was driven by $35.4 million from the encore acquisition and an increase in commercial services in north america and japan, as well as growth in real-world and late phase research services. these increases were partially offset by a decline in europe due to lower revenue from an agreement to distribute pharmaceutical products in italy as well as lower commercial services revenues. the agreement to distribute pharmaceutical products in italy ended in the fourth quarter of 2014.
2013 compared to 2012
integrated healthcare services’ service revenues were $888.6 million in 2013, a decrease of $75.0 million, or 7.8%, compared to 2012. this decrease was primarily due to a negative impact of approximately $47.0 million due to the effect of foreign currency fluctuations coupled with a constant currency service revenue decrease of $28.0 million, or 2.9%. the decline in constant currency service revenues occurred primarily in commercial services in north america as revenues generated from strong new business in 2013 had not yet reached a level sufficient to offset the impact from scope reductions and cancellations that occurred in prior periods.
55
costs of revenue, service costs
2014 compared to 2013
integrated healthcare services’ service costs in 2014 increased approximately $144.6 million as compared to 2013. this increase was comprised of a $159.5 million constant currency increase, or 22.2%, partially offset by a reduction of $14.9 million from the positive effect of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency increase was primarily due to the impact from the encore acquisition and increases in compensation and related expenses resulting from an increase in billable headcount needed to support the higher volume of revenue and annual merit compensation increases. these increases in compensation and related expenses were partially offset by a decline in other expenses directly related to the agreement to distribute pharmaceutical products in italy, which ended in the fourth quarter of 2014.
2013 compared to 2012
integrated healthcare services’ service costs in 2013 were lower by approximately $57.4 million as compared to 2012. this decrease was comprised of a reduction of $36.6 million from a positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations and a $20.8 million constant currency decrease. the constant currency decrease was primarily related to a decrease in compensation and related expenses driven mainly by a decrease in billable headcount.
selling, general and administrative
2014 compared to 2013
integrated healthcare services’ selling, general and administrative expenses in 2014 were higher as compared to 2013 primarily caused by the impact from the encore acquisition and higher compensation and related expenses. the increase in compensation and related expenses resulted from annual merit increases and an increase in headcount. these increases were partially offset by $1.6 million of costs incurred in 2013 that did not recur in 2014 for severance associated with cost reduction programs as well as a positive impact of approximately $900,000 from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations.
2013 compared to 2012
integrated healthcare services’ selling, general and administrative expenses in 2013 were slightly higher as compared to 2012 primarily due to higher compensation and related expenses, it costs, and facility costs as well as severance of approximately $1.6 million related to overhead cost reduction programs. these increases were mostly offset by lower depreciation and amortization expense and a reduction of approximately $4.1 million from the positive effect of foreign currency fluctuations.
liquidity and capital resources overview we assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate cash to fund our operating, investing and financing activities. our principal source of liquidity is operating cash flows. in addition to operating cash flows, other significant factors that affect our overall management of liquidity include: capital expenditures, acquisitions, investments, debt service requirements, dividends, equity repurchases, adequacy of our revolving credit facility and access to the capital markets.
we manage our worldwide cash requirements by monitoring the funds available among our subsidiaries and determining the extent to which those funds can be accessed on a cost effective basis. the repatriation of cash balances from certain of our subsidiaries could have adverse income tax consequences. in 2013, we changed our assertion regarding the earnings of most of our foreign subsidiaries and now consider them indefinitely reinvested outside of the united states. making this assertion limits our ability to repatriate cash from our foreign
56
subsidiaries for the foreseeable future. in making this assertion, we determined that the cash flows expected to be generated in the united states should be sufficient to fund our operating requirements and debt service obligations in the united states and that we intend to use the cash generated by the affected foreign subsidiaries to fund growth outside of the united states. a future distribution or change in this assertion could result in additional tax liability.
we had a cash balance of $867.4 million at december 31, 2014 ($210.9 million of which was in the united states), an increase from $778.1 million at december 31, 2013.
on may 14, 2013, we completed the ipo of our common stock at a price to the public of $40.00 per share. we issued and sold 13,125,000 shares of common stock in the ipo and received proceeds of approximately $489.6 million, after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and related expenses. we used the net proceeds from the ipo as follows: (1) we repaid approximately $358.9 million of debt, including accrued interest and related fees and expenses, (2) we paid a one-time fee of $25.0 million to terminate our management agreement with our private equity sponsors, and (3) we used the remaining portion of the net proceeds, together with cash on hand, to complete the acquisition of novella for approximately $146.6 million in cash (net of approximately $26.2 million of acquired cash).
on october 30, 2013, our board approved the repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to $125.0 million of either our common stock or vested in-the-money employee stock options, or a combination thereof. through december 31, 2014, we have used $65.5 million of cash to purchase $59.1 million of stock options and $6.4 million of common stock under the repurchase program. we have used and intend to continue to use cash on hand to fund the repurchase program. the repurchase program does not obligate us to repurchase any particular amount of common stock or vested in-the-money employee stock options and it can be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time. repurchases of vested in-the-money employee stock options were made through transactions between us and our employees (other than our executive officers, who were not eligible to participate in the program) and this aspect of the repurchase program expired in november 2013. the repurchase program for common stock does not have an end date. additional information regarding the repurchase program is presented in part ii, item 5 “market for registrant’s common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities” and note 12 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
on may 28, 2014, we completed the repurchase of 3,287,209 shares of our common stock for $50.23 per share from tpg quintiles holdco, l.p., one of our existing shareholders, in a private transaction for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $165.1 million. the repurchase price per share of common stock was equal to 98% of the closing market price of our common stock on the nyse on may 27, 2014 (which was $51.26). we funded this private repurchase transaction with cash on hand. this private repurchase transaction was separate from and in addition to the repurchase program.
on july 1, 2014, we completed the acquisition of encore for approximately $91.5 million in cash (net of approximately $2.2 million of acquired cash). encore has operations in the united states, and its business is primarily focused on providing ehr implementation and advisory services to healthcare providers.
on november 10, 2014, we completed the repurchase of 4,303,666 shares of our common stock for $58.09 per share for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $250.0 million. we funded this repurchase transaction with a combination of cash on hand and a $150.0 million draw on our revolving credit facility. this repurchase transaction was separate from and in addition to the repurchase program.
based on our current operating plan, we believe that our available cash and cash equivalents, future cash flows from operations and our ability to access funds under our revolving credit and receivables financing facility will enable us to fund our operating requirements and capital expenditures and meet debt obligations for at least the next 12 months. we regularly evaluate our debt arrangements, as well as market conditions, and from time to time we may explore opportunities to modify our existing debt arrangements or pursue additional financing arrangements that could result in the issuance of new debt securities by us or our affiliates. we may use our existing cash, cash generated from operations or dispositions of assets or businesses and/or proceeds from any
57
new financing arrangements or issuances of debt or equity securities to repay or reduce some of our outstanding obligations, to repurchase shares from our shareholders or for other purposes. as part of our ongoing business strategy, we also are continually evaluating new acquisition, expansion and investment possibilities or other strategic growth opportunities, as well as potential dispositions of assets or businesses, as appropriate, including dispositions that may cause us to recognize a loss on certain assets. should we elect to pursue any such transaction, we may seek to obtain debt or equity financing to facilitate those activities. our ability to enter into any such potential transactions and our use of cash or proceeds is limited to varying degrees by the terms and restrictions contained in our senior secured credit facilities. we cannot provide assurances that we will be able to complete any such alternative financing arrangements or other transactions on favorable terms or at all.
senior secured credit agreement on december 20, 2013, we entered into an amendment to our senior secured credit agreement to provide a new term loan b-3 with a syndicate of banks for an aggregate principal amount of $2.061 billion due in 2018. the proceeds from the term loan b-3 were used to repay the then outstanding balances of the term loan b-1 and term loan b-2 and related fees and expenses. the term loan b-3 bears interest at the greater of libor or 1.25% plus 2.5%, which is 75 and 25 basis points lower than the interest rates that were in effect on the retired term loan b-1 and term loan b-2, respectively. quarterly principal payments on the term loan b-3 are $5.15 million, which commenced on september 30, 2014 and continue through march 31, 2018, with the balance of the term loan b-3 to be repaid at final maturity on june 8, 2018. optional prepayments of the term loan b-3 are applied to reduce principal payments in direct order of maturity. the credit facility arrangements are collateralized by substantially all of the assets of quintiles transnational and the assets of quintiles transnational’s domestic subsidiaries including 100% of the equity interests of substantially all of quintiles transnational’s domestic subsidiaries and 65% of the equity interests of substantially all of the first-tier foreign subsidiaries of quintiles transnational and its domestic subsidiaries (in each case other than certain excluded subsidiaries as defined in the credit agreement). beginning with fiscal year ending december 31, 2014, we are required to apply 50% of excess cash flow (as defined in the credit agreement), subject to a reduction to 25% or 0% depending upon quintiles transnational’s total leverage ratio, for prepayment of the term loan b-3, with any such prepayment to be applied, first, in direct order of maturities, to reduce the term loan b-3 principal payments due within eight quarters of such prepayment, then on a pro rata basis to reduce the other principal payments due prior to the maturity date, and then to reduce the principal payments due on the maturity date. the amendment also provided additional flexibility for us to enter into certain securitization financing transactions such as the receivables financing facility transaction we entered into in december 2014. other terms and covenants of the term loan b-3 are the same as the terms and covenants of our term loan b-1 and term loan b-2 prior to the amendment. in connection with this amendment to the credit agreement, in 2013 we recognized a $3.3 million loss on extinguishment of debt which included approximately $1.6 million of unamortized debt issuance costs, approximately $1.6 million of unamortized discount and approximately $25,000 of related fees and expenses.
on november 7, 2014, we entered into an amendment to our senior secured credit agreement that increased our first lien revolving credit facility from $300.0 million to $400.0 million and extended the maturity date for most of the first lien revolving credit facility by six months. the $100.0 million increase will mature in december 2017 along with $282.5 million of the existing $300.0 million first lien revolving credit facility. in addition, the maturity date for the aggregate of $382.5 million of the first lien revolving credit facility may be further extended to june 2019 without lender consent in connection with certain extensions of the maturity date of the term loan b-3 under the senior secured credit facilities. the maturity date for the remaining $17.5 million of the existing $300.0 million first lien revolving credit facility was not altered and continues to be june 2017. the other terms of the senior secured credit agreement were not altered by the amendment.
receivables financing facility on december 5, 2014, we entered into a four-year arrangement to securitize certain of our accounts receivable. under the receivables financing facility, certain of our accounts receivable are sold on a non-recourse
58
basis by certain of our consolidated subsidiaries to another of our consolidated subsidiaries, a bankruptcy-remote special purpose entity, or spe. the spe obtained a term loan and revolving loan commitment from a third party lender, secured by liens on the assets of the spe, to finance the purchase of the accounts receivable, which included a $275.0 million term loan and a $25.0 million revolving loan commitment. the revolving loan commitment may be increased by an additional $35.0 million as amounts are repaid under the term loan. quintiles transnational has guaranteed the performance of the obligations of existing and future subsidiaries that sell and service the accounts receivable under the receivables financing facility. the assets of the spe are not available to satisfy any of our obligations or any obligations of our subsidiaries. the interest rate under the receivables financing facility is a reserve-adjusted libor rate for amounts outstanding on the term loan and a reserve-adjusted libor market index rate for amounts outstanding on the revolving loan. interest is payable monthly. as of december 31, 2014, the full $25.0 million of revolving loan commitment was available under the receivables financing facility. we used the proceeds from the term loan under the receivables financing facility to repay in full the amount outstanding on the revolving credit facility under our senior secured credit agreement ($150.0 million), to repay $25.0 million of the term loan b-3 under our senior secured credit agreement, to pay related fees and expenses and the remainder was used for general working capital purposes.
restrictive covenants the credit agreement governing the quintiles transnational senior secured credit facilities contains usual and customary restrictive covenants (subject to significant exceptions) that place limitations on quintiles transnational’s ability, and the ability of quintiles transnational’s restricted subsidiaries, to incur liens; engage in acquisitions, loans and other investments; incur additional indebtedness; merge, dissolve, liquidate or consolidate with or into other persons; sell or otherwise dispose of assets; declare dividends, including to quintiles holdings, and make other restricted payments; engage in businesses that are not related to quintiles transnational’s and its restricted subsidiaries’ existing business; transact with affiliates; enter into agreements that restrict subsidiaries from paying intercompany dividends or completing intercompany property transfers or that restrict the ability to create liens in favor of quintiles transnational’s lenders; amend or otherwise modify organizational documents or terms and conditions of junior financing documents, if any; change the fiscal year of quintiles transnational; prepay, redeem or purchase junior financing, if any; designate any other indebtedness as “designated senior indebtedness” or “senior secured financing”; and engage in sale and leaseback transactions. the credit agreement also contains one financial covenant, which is a total leverage ratio financial covenant that provides for a maximum ratio of consolidated debt, as defined in the credit agreement, to consolidated ebitda, as defined in the credit agreement, for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters, measured as of the end of such period, of 5.50 to 1.00 in 2013, 5.25 to 1.00 in 2014, 5.00 to 1.00 in 2015, and 4.75 to 1.00 in 2016 and thereafter, and applies at any time quintiles transnational makes a revolving loan borrowing, a swingline loan borrowing or issues a letter of credit, and for so long as any revolving loan, swingline loan, unreimbursed drawing under any letter of credit or undrawn letter of credit remains outstanding. in 2014, 2013 and 2012, we believe we were in compliance with our debt covenants.
the agreement governing the receivables financing facility contains certain usual and customary covenants and termination events for a securitization transaction, including certain financial reporting covenants and requirements to maintain the existence of the spe separate from quintiles transnational and its other affiliates. an occurrence of an event of default or a termination event under this facility may give rise to the right of the third party lender to terminate this facility.
see note 10 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k for additional details regarding our credit arrangements.
59
years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012
cash flow from operating activities year ended december 31,
2014                 2013                  2012
(in millions)
net cash provided by operating activities       $431.8                $393.4                $335.7
2014 compared to 2013
cash provided by operating activities increased by $38.4 million in 2014 as compared to 2013. the increase in operating cash flow reflects an increase in net income, lower payments for interest ($21.6 million), and lower cash used in days sales outstanding, or dso, ($21.1 million) in 2014 as compared to 2013. this lower cash used in dso reflects a two-day increase in dso in 2014 compared to a five-day increase in 2013. dso can shift significantly at each reporting period depending on the timing of cash receipts under contractual payment terms relative to the recognition of revenue over a project lifecycle. in addition, net income for 2013 included cash expenses totaling $32.5 million for a fee paid in connection with the termination of our management agreement with affiliates of certain of our shareholders ($25.0 million), a fee paid in connection with the modification of an agreement for the business usage of an airplane owned by gfm ($1.5 million), and a termination fee for the repayment of the $300.0 million term loan ($6.0 million), which did not recur in 2014. these increases in operating cash flow were partially offset by higher payments for income taxes ($67.9 million) and higher cash used for incentive compensation.
2013 compared to 2012
cash provided by operating activities increased by $57.7 million in 2013 as compared to 2012. the increase in operating cash flow reflects lower payments for income taxes ($33.0 million) and interest ($11.6 million) in 2013. in addition, net income increased despite including cash expenses totaling $32.5 million for a fee paid in connection with the termination of our management agreement with affiliates of certain of our shareholders ($25.0 million), a fee paid in connection with the modification of an agreement for the business usage of an airplane owned by gfm ($1.5 million), and a termination fee for the repayment of the $300.0 million term loan ($6.0 million). these improvements in operating cash flow were partially offset by higher cash used in dso ($74.1 million). this higher cash used reflected a five-day increase in dso in 2013. the net impact on cash from the increase in dso resulted from the fact that we have continued to experience a trend toward longer payment terms on our contracts.
cash flow from investing activities year ended december 31,
2014                 2013                  2012
(in millions)
net cash used in investing activities       $(173.1     )         $(236.2     )         $(132.2     )
2014 compared to 2013
cash used in investing activities decreased by $63.1 million to $173.1 million in 2014, as compared to $236.2 million in 2013. this decline in the use of cash in 2014 was primarily related to lower cash used for the acquisition of businesses. cash used to acquire businesses in 2014 was $92.2 million, consisting primarily of the acquisition of encore, as compared to 2013 which included the acquisition of novella for approximately $145.0 million. also contributing to the decline was lower cash used to acquire property, equipment and software and an increase in proceeds from the sale of equity securities.
60
2013 compared to 2012
cash used in investing activities increased by $104.0 million to $236.2 million in 2013, as compared to $132.2 million in 2012. the uses of cash in 2013 consisted primarily of the acquisition of novella for approximately $145.0 million, acquisitions of property, equipment and software and cash used to fund investments in unconsolidated affiliates.
cash flow from financing activities year ended december 31,
2014                 2013                2012
(in millions)
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities       $(130.3     )         $71.0               $(146.9     )
2014 compared to 2013
net cash used in financing activities was $130.3 million in 2014, as compared to cash provided by financing activities of $71.0 million in 2013. the cash used in financing activities in 2014 was primarily related to the repurchase of common stock ($415.1 million), partially offset by the proceeds from issuance of debt ($275.0 million) and the proceeds from stock issued under employee stock purchase and option plans ($35.2 million). the repurchase of common stock was funded, in part, by a $150.0 million draw on our line of credit under our senior secured credit facility. this line of credit draw was repaid in full in 2014 from the proceeds of a $275.0 million term loan under our receivables financing facility, which closed in december 2014. the proceeds from the $275.0 million term loan were also used to repay $25.0 million of outstanding indebtedness on the term loan b-3 under our senior secured credit facility.
2013 compared to 2012
net cash provided by financing activities increased by $217.9 million to $71.0 million in 2013, as compared to cash used of $146.9 million in 2012. the increase in cash provided by financing activities in 2013 was primarily related to (1) the net proceeds of our ipo ($489.6 million), (2) lower cash used for dividends (zero paid in 2013 as compared to $567.9 million paid in 2012) and (3) cash received upon the exercise of stock options ($12.2 million). these increases in financing cash flows were partially offset by $822.3 million higher net use of cash for debt (cash used to pay debt and debt issue costs, less proceeds from the issuance of debt), which was a use of cash of $386.5 million in 2013, as compared to cash provided of $435.8 million in 2012, and $57.1 million of cash used to repurchase common stock and stock options in 2013 under the repurchase program. the increase in net cash used for debt in 2013 was primarily as a result of repayment of all amounts outstanding under the $300.0 million term loan (which was issued in 2012) and $83.8 million of repayments on our senior secured credit facilities, which included a voluntary pay down of $50.0 million and a mandatory prepayment of $33.8 million as a result of excess cash flow (as defined in the credit agreement).
contractual obligations and commitments below is a summary of our future payment commitments by year under contractual obligations as of december 31, 2014 (in millions):
2015              2016-2017     2018-2019   thereafter            total long-term debt, including interest (1)                 $83.5        $204.9      $2,300.2   $—                 $2,588.6
obligations under capital leases                         0.1          —             —              —               0.1
operating leases                                        91.1         125.1          54.1   80.8                  351.1
purchase obligations (2)                                 3.4           1.3          —              —               4.7
commitments to unconsolidated affiliates (3)             2.5          —             —              —               2.5
defined benefit plans (4)                                5.6          —             —              —               5.6
uncertain income tax positions (5)                       1.6          —             —              —               1.6
contingent consideration (6)                             1.5          —             —              —               1.5
total                                                 $189.3        $331.3      $2,354.3   $80.8              $2,955.7
61
(1)   interest payments on floating rate debt for the senior secured credit agreement and receivables financing facility are based on the interest rates in effect on december 31, 2014.

(2)   purchase obligations are defined as agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased, fixed, minimum or variable pricing provisions and the approximate timing of the transactions.

(3)   we are currently committed to invest $50.0 million in the novaquest pharma opportunities fund iii, l.p. as of december 31, 2014, we have funded approximately $25.0 million of this commitment and we have approximately
$25.0 million remaining to be funded. in february 2015, we committed to invest up to $20.0 million in a new private equity fund, novaquest pharma opportunities fund iv, l.p.

(4)                  we made cash contributions totaling approximately $8.6 million to our defined benefit plans in 2014, and we estimate that we will make contributions totaling approximately $5.6 million in 2015. due to the potential impact of future plan investment performance, changes in interest rates, changes in other economic and demographic assumptions and changes in legislation in foreign jurisdictions, we are not able to reasonably estimate the timing and amount of contributions that may be required to fund our defined benefit plans for periods beyond 2015.

(5)   as of december 31, 2014, our liability related to uncertain income tax positions was approximately $44.6 million, $43.0 million of which has not been included in the above table as we are unable to predict when these liabilities will be paid due to the uncertainties in the timing of the settlement of the income tax positions.

(6)   contingent consideration payable in connection with acquisitions.

application of critical accounting policies note 1 to the consolidated financial statements provided elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k describes the significant accounting policies used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. the preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. we evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis and make changes to the estimates and related disclosures as experience develops or new information becomes known. actual results may differ from those estimates.
we believe the following critical accounting policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition we recognize revenue when all of the following conditions are satisfied: (1) there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, (2) the service offering has been delivered to the customer, (3) the collection of fees is probable and (4) the arrangement consideration is fixed or determinable. we do not recognize revenue with respect to start-up activities including contract and scope negotiation, feasibility analysis and conflict of interest review associated with contracts. the costs for these activities are expensed as incurred. for contracts in which portions of revenue are contingent upon the occurrence of uncertain future events we recognize the revenue only after it has been earned and the contingency has been resolved.
the majority of our revenue is recognized based on objective contractual criteria and does not require significant estimates or judgments. however, at any point in time we are working on thousands of active customer projects, which are governed by individual contracts. most projects are customized based on the needs of the customer, the type of services being provided, therapeutic indication of the drug, geographic locations and other variables. project specific terms related to pricing, billing terms and the scope and type of services to be provided are generally negotiated and contracted on a project-by-project basis. changes in the scope of work are common, especially under long-term contracts, and generally result in a change in contract value. in such situations, we enter into negotiations for a contract amendment to reflect the change in scope and the related
62
price. depending on the complexity of the amendment, the negotiation process can take from a few weeks for a simple adjustment to several months for a complex amendment. management may authorize the project team to commence work on activities outside the contract scope while we negotiate and finalize the contract amendment. in these limited cases, if we are not able to obtain a contract amendment from the customer, our profit margin on the arrangement may be impacted. this result occurs because our costs of delivery are expensed as they are incurred, while revenue is not recognized unless the customer has agreed to the changes in scope and renegotiated pricing terms, the contract value is amended and all other revenue recognition criteria are met.
for arrangements that include multiple elements, arrangement consideration is allocated to units of accounting based on the relative selling price. the best evidence of selling price of a unit of accounting is vendor-specific objective evidence, or vsoe, which is the price we charge when the deliverable is sold separately. when vsoe is not available to determine selling price, we use relevant third-party evidence, or tpe, of selling price, if available. when neither vsoe nor tpe of selling price exists, we use our best estimate of selling price considering all relevant information that is available without undue cost and effort.
most contracts are terminable upon 30 to 90 days notice by the customer. our risk of material loss in these situations is mitigated as these contracts generally require payment to us for expenses to wind down the trial or project, fees earned to date and, in some cases, a termination fee or a payment of some portion of the fees or profits that could have been earned under the contract if it had not been terminated early. in addition, our contract terms provide for payment terms that generally correspond with performance of the services. termination fees are included in service revenues when realization is assured.
accounts receivable and unbilled services accounts receivable represents amounts billed to customers. revenues recognized in excess of billings are classified as unbilled services. the realization of these amounts is based on the customer’s willingness and ability to pay us. we have an allowance for doubtful accounts based on management’s estimate of probable losses we expect to incur resulting from a customer failing to pay us. our allowance for doubtful accounts, and losses from customers failing to pay us, have not been material to our results of operations. if any of these estimates change or actual results differs from expected results, then an adjustment is recorded in the period in which the amounts become reasonably estimable. these adjustments could have a material effect on our results of operations.
investments in unconsolidated affiliates—equity method investments we have investments in unconsolidated affiliates that are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. periodically, we review our investments for a decline in value which we believe may be other than temporary. should we identify such a decline, we will record a loss through earnings to establish a new cost basis for the investment. these losses could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
income taxes certain items of income and expense are not recognized on our income tax returns and financial statements in the same year, which creates timing differences. the income tax effect of these timing differences results in (1) deferred income tax assets that create a reduction in future income taxes and (2) deferred income tax liabilities that create an increase in future income taxes. recognition of deferred income tax assets is based on management’s belief that it is more likely than not that the income tax benefit associated with certain temporary differences, income tax operating loss and capital loss carryforwards and income tax credits, would be realized. we recorded a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred income tax assets for those deferred income tax items for which it was more likely than not that realization would not occur. we determined the amount of the valuation allowance based, in part, on our assessment of future taxable income and in light of our ongoing income tax strategies. if our estimate of future taxable income or tax strategies changes at any time in the future, we would record an adjustment to our valuation allowance. recording such an adjustment could have a material effect on our financial position.
63
income tax expense is based on the distribution of profit before income tax among the various taxing jurisdictions in which we operate, adjusted as required by the income tax laws of each taxing jurisdiction. changes in the distribution of profits and losses among taxing jurisdictions may have a significant impact on our effective income tax rate. beginning in 2013, we consider the undistributed earnings of most of our foreign subsidiaries to be indefinitely reinvested outside of the united states. accordingly, we have not provided a deferred income tax liability related to those undistributed earnings.
business combinations we use the acquisition method to account for business combinations, and accordingly, the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree are recorded at their estimated fair values on the date of the acquisition. we use significant judgments, estimates and assumptions in determining the estimated fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed and noncontrolling interest including expected future cash flows; discount rates that reflect the risk associated with the expected future cash flows; and estimated useful lives.
when a business combination involves contingent consideration, we recognize a liability equal to the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration obligation at the date of the acquisition. the estimate of fair value of a contingent consideration liability requires subjective assumptions to be made regarding future business results including revenues and net new business, discount rates that reflect the risk associated with the expected future cash flows and probabilities assigned to various potential business result scenarios. we periodically reassess the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration over the term of the arrangement. any resulting changes are recognized in earnings and could have a material effect on our results of operations.
goodwill, tangible and identifiable intangible assets we have recorded and allocated to our reporting units the excess of the cost over the fair value of the net assets acquired, known as goodwill. the recoverability of the goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are evaluated annually for impairment, or if and when events or circumstances indicate a possible impairment. goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized. we review the carrying values of other identifiable intangible assets if the facts and circumstances indicate a possible impairment. based upon our 2014 annual testing, we believe that the risk of a significant impairment to goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets is currently very low. other identifiable intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives.
for goodwill, we perform a qualitative analysis to determine whether it is more likely than not that the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than its book value. this includes a qualitative analysis of macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, internal cost factors, financial performance, fair value history and other company specific events. if this qualitative analysis indicates that it is more likely than not that estimated fair value is less than the book value for the respective reporting unit, we apply a two-step impairment test in which we determine whether the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is in excess of its carrying value. if the carrying value of the net assets assigned to the reporting unit exceeds the estimated fair value of the reporting unit, we perform the second step of the impairment test to determine the implied estimated fair value of the reporting unit’s goodwill. we determine the implied estimated fair value of goodwill by determining the present value of the estimated future cash flows for each reporting unit and comparing the reporting unit’s risk profile and growth prospects to selected, reasonably similar publicly traded companies. the inherent subjectivity of applying a discounted cash flow and market comparables approach to valuing our assets and liabilities could have a significant impact on our analysis. any future impairment could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
for indefinite-lived intangible assets, we perform a qualitative analysis to determine whether it is more likely than not that the estimated fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying value. if this qualitative analysis indicates that it is more likely than not that the estimated fair value is less than the
64
carrying value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset, we determine the estimated fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset (trade name) by determining the present value of the estimated royalty payments on an after-tax basis that it would be required to pay the owner for the right to use such trade name. if the carrying amount exceeds the estimated fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess. any future impairment could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
we review the carrying values of property and equipment if the facts and circumstances suggest that a potential impairment may have occurred. if this review indicates that carrying values will not be recoverable, as determined based on undiscounted cash flows over the remaining depreciation or amortization period, we will reduce carrying values to estimated fair value. the inherent subjectivity of our estimates of future cash flows could have a significant impact on our analysis. any future write-offs of long-lived assets could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
share-based compensation we measure compensation cost for most share-based payment awards (stock options and stock appreciation rights) granted to employees and non-employee directors at fair value using the black-scholes-merton option-pricing model. share-based compensation expense includes share-based awards granted to employees and non-employee directors and has been reported in selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of income based upon the classification of the individuals who were granted share-based awards.
the black-scholes-merton option-pricing model requires the use of subjective assumptions, including share price volatility, the expected life of the award, risk-free interest rate and the fair value of the underlying common shares on the date of grant. in developing our assumptions, we take into account the following:
•                     as a result of our status as a private company prior to our ipo, we do not have sufficient history to estimate the volatility of our common share price. we calculate expected volatility based on reported data for selected reasonably similar publicly traded companies for which the historical information is available. we plan to continue to use the guideline peer group volatility information until the historical volatility of our common shares is relevant to measure expected volatility for future award grants;

•   we determine the risk-free interest rate by reference to implied yields available from united states treasury securities with a remaining term equal to the expected life assumed at the date of grant;

•   we estimate the dividend yield to be zero as we do not currently anticipate paying any future dividends;

•   we estimate the average expected life of the award based on our historical experience; and

•   we estimate forfeitures based on our historical analysis of actual forfeitures.

