item 1a. risk factors we operate in a highly competitive and rapidly changing environment that involves numerous risks and uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. in addition, we and our clients are affected by global economic conditions. the following sections discuss many, but not all, of the risks and uncertainties that may affect our future performance, but is not intended to be all-inclusive. any of the risks described below could have a material adverse impact on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows, and could therefore have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. additionally risks not currently known to us or that we now deem immaterial may also harm us and negatively affect your investment.
risks related to our business our operating results could be negatively impacted by global economic conditions. our business is impacted by general economic conditions and trends, in the u.s and abroad. u.s. economic data continues to be mixed, but the overall economy continues to grow and unemployment continues to fall. however, economic growth continues to be uneven globally, with continuing weakness across europe and emerging markets, as recent geopolitical events add to the uncertainty. these conditions could negatively and materially affect future demand for our products and services. such difficulties could include the ability to maintain client retention, wallet retention and consulting utilization rates, achieve contract value and consulting backlog growth, attract attendees and exhibitors to our events or obtain new clients. such developments could negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
we face significant competition and our failure to compete successfully could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. we face direct competition from a significant number of independent providers of information products and services, including information available on the internet free of charge. we also compete indirectly against consulting firms and other information providers, including electronic and print media companies, some of which may have greater financial, information gathering and marketing resources than we do. these indirect competitors could also choose to compete directly with us in the future. in addition, low barriers to entry exist in the markets in which we do business. as a result, new competitors may emerge and existing competitors may start to provide additional or complementary services. additionally, technological advances may provide increased competition from a variety of sources.
there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully compete against current and future competitors and our failure to do so could result in loss of market share, diminished value in our products and services, reduced pricing and increased marketing expenditures. furthermore, we may not be successful if we cannot compete effectively on quality of research and analysis, timely
6
delivery of information, customer service, and the ability to offer products to meet changing market needs for information and analysis, or price.
we may not be able to maintain the quality of our existing products and services. we operate in a rapidly evolving market, and our success depends upon our ability to deliver high quality and timely research and analysis to our clients. any failure to continue to provide credible and reliable information that is useful to our clients could have a material adverse effect on future business and operating results. further, if our data, viewpoints, or predictions prove to be wrong or are not substantiated by appropriate research, our reputation may suffer and demand for our products and services may decline. in addition, we must continue to improve our methods for delivering our products and services in a cost-effective manner, including via the internet and mobile applications. failure to maintain state of the art electronic delivery capabilities could adversely affect our future business and operating results.
we may not be able to enhance and develop our existing products and services, or introduce the new products and services that are needed to remain competitive. the market for our products and services is characterized by rapidly changing needs for information and analysis on the it industry as a whole. the development of new products is a complex and time-consuming process. nonetheless, to maintain our competitive position, we must continue to anticipate the needs of our client organizations, develop, enhance and improve our existing as well as new products and services to address those needs, deliver all products and services in a timely, user-friendly and state of the art manner, and appropriately position and price new products and services relative to the marketplace and our costs of developing them. any failure to achieve successful client acceptance of new products and services could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial position. additionally, significant delays in new product or services releases or significant problems in creating new products or services could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial position.
we depend on renewals of subscription-based services and sales of new subscription-based services for a significant portion of our revenue, and our failure to renew at historical rates or generate new sales of such services could lead to a decrease in our revenues. a large portion of our success depends on our ability to generate renewals of our subscription-based research products and services and new sales of such products and services, both to new clients and existing clients. these products and services constituted 72% and 71% of our total revenues for 2014 and 2013, respectively. generating new sales of our subscription-based products and services, both to new and existing clients, is a challenging, costly, and often time consuming process. if we are unable to generate new sales, due to competition or other factors, our revenues will be adversely affected.
the majority of our research subscription agreements are for twelve months. however, we do enter into multi-year agreements, which have been increasing in frequency. our ability to maintain contract renewals is subject to numerous factors, including the following:
•   delivering high-quality and timely analysis and advice to our clients;
•   understanding and anticipating market trends and the changing needs of our clients; and
•   delivering products and services of the quality and timeliness necessary to withstand competition.
additionally, as we continue to adjust our products and service offerings to meet our clients' continuing needs, we may shift the type and pricing of our products which may impact client renewal rates. while our research enterprise client retention rate was 85% at december 31, 2014 and 83% at december 31, 2013, there can be no guarantee that we will continue to maintain this rate of client renewals.
we depend on non-recurring consulting engagements and our failure to secure new engagements could lead to a decrease in our revenues. consulting segment revenues constituted 17% of our total revenues in 2014 and 18% in 2013. consulting engagements typically are project-based and non-recurring. our ability to replace consulting engagements is subject to numerous factors, including the following:
•   delivering consistent, high-quality consulting services to our clients;
•   tailoring our consulting services to the changing needs of our clients; and
•   our ability to match the skills and competencies of our consulting staff to the skills required for the fulfillment of existing or potential consulting engagements.
7
any material decline in our ability to replace consulting arrangements could have an adverse impact on our revenues and our financial condition. in addition, revenue in our contract optimization business can fluctuate from period to period.
the profitability and success of our conferences, symposia and events could be adversely affected by external factors beyond our control. the market for desirable dates and locations for conferences, symposia and events is highly competitive. if we cannot secure desirable dates and suitable venues for our conferences, symposia and events their profitability could suffer, and our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. in addition, because our events are scheduled in advance and held at specific locations, the success of these events can be affected by circumstances outside of our control, such as labor strikes, transportation shutdowns and travel restrictions, economic slowdowns, reductions in government spending, geo-political crises, terrorist attacks, weather, natural disasters, communicable diseases, and other occurrences impacting the global, regional, or national economies, the occurrence of any of which could negatively impact the success of the event. we also face the challenge of procuring venues that are sizeable enough at a reasonable cost to accommodate some of our major events.
our sales to governments are subject to appropriations and may be terminated. we derive significant revenues from research and consulting contracts with the u.s. government and its respective agencies, numerous state and local governments and their respective agencies, and foreign governments and their agencies. at december 31, 2014 and 2013, approximately $310.0 million and $283.0 million, respectively, of our total contracts were attributable to government entities. we believe substantially all of the amounts attributable to government entities at december 31, 2014 will be filled in 2015. our u.s. government contracts are subject to the approval of appropriations by the u.s. congress to fund the agencies contracting for our services. additionally, our contracts at the state and local levels, as well as foreign government contracts, are subject to various governmental authorizations and funding approvals and mechanisms. in general, most if not all of these contracts may be terminated at any time without cause or penalty ("termination for convenience"). similarly, contracts with u.s. federal, state and local, and foreign governments and their respective agencies are subject to increasingly complex bidding procedures, compliance requirements and intense competition. should appropriations for the governments and agencies that contract with us be curtailed, or should our government contracts be terminated for convenience, we may experience a significant loss of segment and consolidated revenues.
we may not be able to attract and retain qualified personnel which could jeopardize our future growth plans, as well as the quality of our products and services. our success depends heavily upon the quality of our senior management, research analysts, consultants, sales and other key personnel. we face competition for qualified professionals from, among others, technology companies, market research firms, consulting firms, financial services companies and electronic and print media companies, some of which have a greater ability to attract and compensate these professionals. recent improvements in the u.s economy have heightened this competition. additionally, some of the personnel that we attempt to hire are subject to non-compete agreements that could impede our short-term recruitment efforts. any inability to retain key personnel, or to hire and train additional qualified personnel to support the evolving needs of clients or the projected growth in our business, could adversely affect the quality of our products and services, as well as future business and operating results.
we may not be able to maintain the equity in our brand name. we believe that our "gartner" brand, including our independence, is critical to our efforts to attract and retain clients and that the importance of brand recognition will increase as competition increases. we may expand our marketing activities to promote and strengthen the gartner brand and may need to increase our marketing budget, hire additional marketing and public relations personnel, and expend additional sums to protect our brand and otherwise increase expenditures to create and maintain client brand loyalty. if we fail to effectively promote and maintain the gartner brand, or incur excessive expenses in doing so, our future business and operating results could be adversely impacted.
our international operations expose us to a variety of operational risks which could negatively impact our future revenue and growth. we have clients in over 90 countries and a substantial amount of our revenues is earned outside of the u.s. our operating results are subject to the risks inherent in international business activities, including general political and economic conditions in each country, changes in market demand as a result of tariffs and other trade barriers, challenges in staffing and managing foreign operations, changes in regulatory requirements, compliance with numerous foreign laws and regulations, differences between u.s. and foreign tax rates and laws, and the difficulty of enforcing client agreements, collecting accounts receivable and protecting intellectual property rights in international jurisdictions. furthermore, we rely on local distributors or sales agents in some international locations. if any of these arrangements are terminated by our agent or us, we may not be able to replace the arrangement on beneficial terms or on a timely basis, or clients of the local distributor or sales agent may not want to continue to do business with us or our new agent.
we are exposed to volatility in foreign currency exchange rates from our international operations. revenues earned outside the u.s. are typically transacted in local currencies, which may fluctuate significantly against the u.s. dollar. while we may use forward exchange contracts to a limited extent to seek to mitigate foreign currency risk, our revenues and results of operations could be adversely affected by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations. additionally, our effective tax rate is increased as the u.s dollar strengthens against foreign currencies, which could impact our operating results.
8
natural disasters or geo-political events may disrupt our business. a major weather event, terrorist attack, earthquake, flood, volcanic activity, or other catastrophic disaster could significantly disrupt our operations. such events could cause delays in initiating or completing sales, impede delivery of our products and services to our clients, disrupt other critical client-facing and business processes, or dislocate our critical internal functions and personnel. our corporate headquarters is located approximately 30 miles from new york city, and we have an operations center located in ft. myers, florida, a hurricane-prone area. we also operate in numerous international locations, and we have offices in a number of major cities across the globe. abrupt political change, terrorist activity, communicable diseases, and armed conflict pose a risk of general economic disruption in affected countries and regions, which may negatively impact our sales and increase our operating costs. additionally, these conditions also may add uncertainty to the timing and budget decisions of our clients. such events could significantly harm our ability to conduct normal business operations and negatively impact our financial condition and operating results.
privacy concerns could damage our reputation and deter current and potential clients from using our products and services or attending our events. concerns relating to global data privacy have the potential to damage our reputation and deter current and prospective clients from using our products and services or attending our events. in the ordinary course of our business and in accordance with applicable laws, we collect personal information (i) from our employees (ii) from the users of our products and services, including event attendees; and (iii) from prospective clients. we collect only basic personal information from our clients and prospects (name, email address, job title) and do not as a rule collect sensitive personal information like ssns and credit card numbers.
even if unfounded, concerns about our practices with regard to the collection, use, disclosure, or security of this personal information or other data privacy related matters, could damage our reputation and adversely affect our operating results. in addition, because many of our products and services are web-based, the amount of data we store on our servers (including personal information) has been increasing. any systems failure or compromise of our security that results in the disclosure of our users' personal data could seriously limit the consumption of our products and services and the attendance at our events, as well as harm our reputation and brand and, therefore, our business.
in addition, while we are a safe harbor certified company and while we have implemented a company-wide privacy compliance program, regulatory authorities around the world continue to adopt new laws, regulations and penalties concerning data privacy. the interpretation and application of these laws in the u.s., europe and elsewhere are often uncertain, inconsistent and ever changing. it is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data privacy practices. complying with these various laws could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business.
internet and critical internal computer system failures, cyber-attacks, or compromises of our systems or security could damage our reputation and harm our business. a significant portion of our business is conducted over the internet and we rely heavily on computer systems to conduct our operations. individuals, groups, and state-sponsored organizations may take steps that pose threats to our operations, our computer systems, our employees, and our customers. they may develop and deploy malicious software to gain access to our networks and attempt to steal confidential information, launch distributed denial of service attacks, or attempt other coordinated disruptions. these threats are constantly evolving and becoming more sophisticated, thereby increasing the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. a cyber-attack, widespread internet failure, or disruption of our critical information technology systems through denial of service, viruses, or other events could cause delays in initiating or completing sales, impede delivery of our products and services to our clients, disrupt other critical client-facing or business processes, or dislocate our critical internal functions. such events could significantly harm our ability to conduct normal business operations and negatively impact our financial results.
we take steps to secure our management information systems, including our computer systems, intranet, proprietary websites, email and other telecommunications and data networks, and we carefully scrutinize the security of outsourced website and service providers prior to retaining their services. however, the security measures implemented by us or by our outside service providers may not be effective and our systems (and those of our outside service providers) may be vulnerable to theft, loss, damage and interruption from a number of potential sources and events, including unauthorized access or security breaches, cyber-attacks, computer viruses, power loss, or other disruptive events. our reputation, brand, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected if, as a result of a significant cyber event or other technology-related catastrophe, our operations are disrupted or shutdown; our confidential, proprietary information is stolen or disclosed; we incur costs or are required to pay fines in connection with stolen customer, employee, or other confidential information; we are required to dedicate significant resources to system repairs or increase cyber security protection; or we otherwise incur significant litigation or other costs as a result of these occurrences.
we may experience outages and disruptions of our online services if we fail to maintain an adequate operations infrastructure. our increasing user traffic and complexity of our products and services demand more computing power. we have spent and expect
9
to continue to spend substantial amounts to maintain data centers and equipment, to upgrade our technology and network infrastructure to handle increased traffic on our websites, and to deliver our products and services through emerging channels, such as mobile applications. however, any inefficiencies or operational failures could diminish the quality of our products, services, and user experience, resulting in damage to our reputation and loss of current and potential users, subscribers, and advertisers, potentially harming our financial condition and operating results.
our outstanding debt obligation could impact our financial condition or future operating results. we have a credit arrangement that provides for a five-year, $400.0 million term loan and a $1.1 billion revolving credit facility (the "2014 credit agreement"). in addition, the credit arrangement contains an expansion feature by which the term loan and revolving facility may be increased, at our option and under certain conditions, by up to an additional $500.0 million in the aggregate. at december 31, 2014, we had a total of $400.0 million outstanding under the term loan of the 2014 credit agreement.
the affirmative, negative and financial covenants of the 2014 credit agreement could limit our future financial flexibility. additionally, a failure to comply with these covenants could result in acceleration of all amounts outstanding under the arrangement, which would materially impact our financial condition unless accommodations could be negotiated with our lenders. no assurance can be given that we would be successful in doing so in this current financial climate, or that any accommodations that we were able to negotiate would be on terms as favorable as those presently contained in the credit arrangement. the associated debt service costs of this credit arrangement could impair our future operating results. the outstanding debt may limit the amount of cash or additional credit available to us, which could restrain our ability to expand or enhance products and services, respond to competitive pressures or pursue future business opportunities requiring substantial investments of additional capital.
we may require additional cash resources which may not be available on favorable terms or at all. we believe that our existing cash balances, projected cash flow from operations, and the borrowing capacity we have under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund our plans for the next 12 months and the foreseeable future.
however, we may require additional cash resources due to changed business conditions, implementation of our strategy and stock repurchase program, to repay indebtedness or to pursue future business opportunities requiring substantial investments of additional capital, including acquisitions. if our existing financial resources are insufficient to satisfy our requirements, we may seek additional borrowings or issue debt. prevailing credit and debt market conditions may negatively affect debt availability and cost, and, as a result, financing may not be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. in addition, the incurrence of additional indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations and could require us to agree to operating and financial covenants that would further restrict our operations.
if we are unable to enforce and protect our intellectual property rights our competitive position may be harmed. we rely on a combination of copyright, trademark, trade secret, patent, confidentiality, non-compete and other contractual provisions to protect our intellectual property rights. despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights, unauthorized third parties may obtain and use technology or other information that we regard as proprietary. our intellectual property rights may not survive a legal challenge to their validity or provide significant protection for us. the laws of certain countries, particularly in emerging markets, do not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the united states. accordingly, we may not be able to protect our intellectual property against unauthorized third-party copying or use, which could adversely affect our competitive position. additionally, there can be no assurance that another party will not assert that we have infringed its intellectual property rights.
our employees are subject to non-compete agreements to the extent permitted under applicable law. when the non-competition period expires, former employees may compete against us. if a former employee chooses to compete against us prior to the expiration of the non-competition period, we seek to enforce these non-compete provisions but there is no assurance that we will be successful in our efforts.
we have grown, and may continue to grow, through acquisitions and strategic investments, which could involve substantial risks. we have made and may continue to make acquisitions of, or significant investments in, businesses that offer complementary products and services or otherwise support our growth objectives. the risks involved in each acquisition or investment include the possibility of paying more than the value we derive from the acquisition, dilution of the interests of our current stockholders should we issue stock in the acquisition, decreased working capital, increased indebtedness, the assumption of undisclosed liabilities and unknown and unforeseen risks, the ability to retain key personnel of the acquired company, the inability to integrate the business of the acquired company, the time to train the sales force to market and sell the products of the acquired business, the potential disruption of our ongoing business and the distraction of management from our day to day business. the realization of any of these risks could adversely affect our business. additionally, we face competition in identifying acquisition targets and consummating acquisitions.
10
we face risks related to litigation. we are, and in the future may be, subject to a variety of legal actions, such as employment, breach of contract, intellectual property-related, and business torts, including claims of unfair trade practices and misappropriation of trade secrets. given the nature of our business, we are also subject to defamation (including libel and slander), negligence, or other claims relating to the information we publish. regardless of the merits and despite vigorous efforts to defend any such claim can affect our reputation, and responding to any such claim could be time consuming, result in costly litigation and require us to enter into settlements, royalty and licensing agreements which may not be offered or available on reasonable terms. if a claim is made against us which we cannot defend or resolve on reasonable terms, our business, brand, and financial results could be materially and adversely affected.
we face risks related to taxation. we are a global company with operations and clients in over 90 countries. a substantial amount of our earnings is generated outside of the u.s. and taxed at rates significantly less than the u.s. statutory federal income tax rate. our effective tax rate, financial position and results of operations could be adversely affected by earnings being higher than anticipated in jurisdictions with higher statutory tax rates and, conversely, lower than anticipated in jurisdictions that have lower statutory tax rates, by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and/or by changes in tax laws or accounting principles and their interpretation by relevant authorities.
at the present time, the united states and other countries where we do business have either changed or are actively considering changes in their tax, accounting and other related laws. in the united states, proposed tax law changes, particularly those directed at taxing unremitted and future foreign earnings, could increase our effective tax rate. in addition, ireland recently modified its tax residency rules. while, at the present time, these changes are not effective until 2020 for many companies with irish resident operations, including gartner, the new rules could increase our effective tax rate at that future date. likewise, certain international organizations such as the organization for economic development and cooperation, are actively considering proposals, certain of which, if enacted by foreign governments, could significantly increase our tax obligations in many countries where we do business. these actual, potential, and other changes, both individually and collectively, could materially increase our effective tax rate and negatively impact our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.
in addition, our tax filings for various years are subject to examination by domestic and international taxing authorities and, during the ordinary course of business, we are under audit by tax authorities. although we believe that our tax filings and related accruals are reasonable, the final resolution of tax audits may be materially different from what is reflected in our historical tax provisions and accruals and could have a material adverse effect on our effective tax rate, financial position, results of operations, and cash flows, particularly in major taxing jurisdictions including, but not limited to: the united states, ireland, india, canada, united kingdom, japan, france, and italy.
our corporate compliance program cannot guarantee that we are in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. we operate in a number of countries, including emerging markets, and as a result we are required to comply with numerous, and in many cases, changing international and u.s. federal, state and local laws and regulations. as a result, we have developed and instituted a corporate compliance program which includes the creation of appropriate policies defining employee behavior that mandate adherence to laws, employee training, annual affirmations, monitoring and enforcement. however, if any employee fails to comply with, or intentionally disregards, any of these laws, regulations or our policies, a range of liabilities could result for the employee and for the company, including, but not limited to, significant penalties and fines, sanctions and/or litigation, and the expenses associated with defending and resolving any of the foregoing, any of which could have a negative impact on our reputation and business.
risks related to our common stock our operating results may fluctuate from period to period and may not meet the expectations of investors or the financial guidance we have given, which may cause the price of our common stock to decline. our quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate in the future as a result of many factors, including the timing of the execution of research contracts, the extent of completion of consulting engagements, the timing of symposia and other events, the amount of new business generated, the mix of domestic and international business, currency fluctuations, changes in market demand for our products and services, the timing of the development, introduction and marketing of new products and services, and competition in the industry. an inability to generate sufficient earnings and cash flow, and achieve our forecasts, may impact our operating and other activities. the potential fluctuations in our operating results could cause period-to-period comparisons of operating results not to be meaningful and may provide an unreliable indication of future operating results. furthermore, our operating results may not meet the expectations of investors or the financial guidance we have previously provided. if this occurs, the price of our common stock could decline.
our stock price may be impacted by factors outside of our control and you may not be able to resell shares of our common stock at or above the price you paid. the price of our common stock is subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, developments in the industries in which we do business, general economic conditions, general market conditions, geo-
11
political events, changes in the nature and composition of our stockholder base, changes in securities analysts' recommendations regarding our securities and our performance relative to securities analysts' expectations for any quarterly period, as well as other factors outside of our control including any and all factors that move the securities markets generally. these factors may adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
future sales of our common stock in the public market could lower our stock price. sales of a substantial number of shares of common stock in the public market by our current stockholders, or the threat that substantial sales may occur, could cause the market price of our common stock to decrease significantly or make it difficult for us to raise additional capital by selling stock. furthermore, we have various equity incentive plans that provide for awards in the form of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units and other stock-based awards which have the effect of adding shares of common stock into the public market. at the present time, we are executing against a board-approved share repurchase program to reduce the number of outstanding shares of our common stock. at december 31, 2014, $413.3 million remained available for share purchases under this program. no assurance can be given that we will continue these activities in the future when the program is completed, or in the event that the price of our common stock reaches levels at which repurchases are not accretive.
as of december 31, 2014, the aggregate number of shares of our common stock issuable pursuant to outstanding grants and awards under these plans was approximately 2.9 million shares (approximately 0.6 million of which have vested). in addition, at the present time, approximately 8.0 million shares may be issued in connection with future awards under our equity incentive plans. shares of common stock issued under these plans are freely transferable and have been registered under the securities act of 1933, as amended (the "securities act"), except for any shares held by affiliates (as that term is defined in rule 144 under the securities act) which are subject to certain limitations. we cannot predict the size of future issuances of our common stock or the effect, if any, that future issuances and sales of shares of our common stock will have on the market price of our common stock.
interests of certain of our significant stockholders may conflict with yours. to our knowledge, as of the date hereof, and based upon publicly-available sec filings, four institutional investors each presently hold over 5% of our common stock. while no stockholder or institutional investor individually holds a majority of our outstanding shares, these significant stockholders may be able, either individually or acting together, to exercise significant influence over matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors, amendment of our certificate of incorporation, adoption or amendment of equity plans and approval of significant transactions such as mergers, acquisitions, consolidations and sales or purchases of assets. in addition, in the event of a proposed acquisition of the company by a third party, this concentration of ownership may delay or prevent a change of control in us. accordingly, the interests of these stockholders may not always coincide with our interests or the interests of other stockholders, or otherwise be in the best interests of us or all stockholders.
our anti-takeover protections may discourage or prevent a change of control, even if a change in control would be beneficial to our stockholders. provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws and delaware law may make it difficult for any party to acquire control of us in a transaction not approved by our board of directors. these provisions include:
•   the ability of our board of directors to issue and determine the terms of preferred stock;
•   advance notice requirements for inclusion of stockholder proposals at stockholder meetings; and
•   the anti-takeover provisions of delaware law.
these provisions could discourage or prevent a change of control or change in management that might provide stockholders with a premium to the market price of their common stock.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the purpose of the following management's discussion and analysis ("md&a") is to help facilitate the understanding of significant factors influencing the operating results, financial condition and cash flows of gartner, inc. additionally, the md&a also conveys our expectations of the potential impact of known trends, events or uncertainties that may impact future results. you should read this discussion in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this report. historical results and percentage relationships are not necessarily indicative of operating results for future periods. references to "the company," "we," "our," and "us" are to gartner, inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries.
forward-looking statements in addition to historical information, this annual report on form 10-k contains certain forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements are any statements other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions or strategies regarding the future. in some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as "may," "will," "expect," "should," "could," "believe," "plan," "anticipate," "estimate," "predict," "potential," "continue," or other words of similar meaning.
forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in, or implied by, the forward-looking statements. factors that might cause such a difference include, but are not limited to, those discussed in part 1, item 1a, risk factors. readers should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect management's opinion only as of the date on which they were made. except as required by law, we disclaim any obligation to review or update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances as they occur. readers should review carefully any risk factors described in other reports we filed with the sec.
business overview gartner, inc. is the world's leading information technology research and advisory company that helps executives use technology to build, guide and grow their enterprises. we offer independent and objective research and analysis on the information technology, computer hardware, software, communications and related technology industries. we provide comprehensive coverage of the it industry to thousands of client organizations across the globe. our client base consists primarily of cios and other senior it and executives from a wide variety of business enterprises, government agencies and the investment community.
we have three business segments: research, consulting and events.
•   research provides objective insight on critical and timely technology and supply chain initiatives for cios, other it professionals, supply chain leaders, digital marketing professionals, technology companies and the institutional investment community through reports, briefings, proprietary tools, access to our analysts, peer networking services and membership programs that enable our clients to make better decisions about their it, supply chain and digital marketing investments.
•   consulting provides customized solutions to unique client needs through on-site, day-to-day support, as well as proprietary tools for measuring and improving it performance with a focus on cost, performance, efficiency, and quality.
•   events provides it, supply chain, and business professionals the opportunity to attend various symposia, conferences and exhibitions to learn, contribute and network with their peers. from our flagship event symposium/itxpo, to summits focused on specific technologies and industries, to experimental workshop-style seminars, our events distill the latest gartner research into applicable insight and advice.
16
business measurements we believe the following business measurements are important performance indicators for our business segments:
business segment   business measurements research           contract value represents the value attributable to all of our subscription-related research products that recognize revenue on a ratable basis. contract value is calculated as the annualized value of all subscription research contracts in effect at a specific point in time, without regard to the duration of the contract.
client retention rate represents a measure of client satisfaction and renewed business relationships at a specific point in time. client retention is calculated on a percentage basis by dividing our current clients, who were also clients a year ago, by all clients from a year ago.
wallet retention rate represents a measure of the amount of contract value we have retained with clients over a twelve-month period. wallet retention is calculated on a percentage basis by dividing the contract value of clients, who were clients one year earlier, by the total contract value from a year earlier, excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange. when wallet retention exceeds client retention, it is an indication of retention of higher-spending clients, or increased spending by retained clients, or both.
consulting         consulting backlog represents future revenue to be derived from in-process consulting, measurement and strategic advisory services engagements.
utilization rate represents a measure of productivity of our consultants. utilization rates are calculated for billable headcount on a percentage basis by dividing total hours billed by total hours available to bill.
billing rate represents earned billable revenue divided by total billable hours.
average annualized revenue per billable headcount represents a measure of the revenue generating ability of an average billable consultant and is calculated periodically by multiplying the average billing rate per hour times the utilization percentage times the billable hours available for one year.
events             number of events represents the total number of hosted events completed during the period.
number of attendees represents the total number of people who attend events.
executive summary of operations and financial position we have executed a consistent growth strategy since 2005 to drive double-digit annual revenue and earnings growth. the fundamentals of our strategy include a focus on creating extraordinary research content, delivering innovative and highly differentiated product offerings, building a strong sales capability, providing world class client service with a focus on client engagement and retention, and continuously improving our operational effectiveness.
we had total revenues of $2.021 billion in 2014, an increase of 13% over 2013 on a reported basis and 14% adjusted for foreign exchange impact. diluted earnings per share increased by $.10 per share, or 5%, to $2.03 per share in 2014.
research revenues rose 14% year-over-year, to $1.445 billion in 2014, and the contribution margin was 69%, the same as 2013. at december 31, 2014, research contract value was $1.603 billion, an increase of 13% over december 31, 2013 on a reported basis and 14% adjusted for the impact of foreign exchange. enterprise client retention was 85% and enterprise wallet retention was 106% at december 31, 2014.
consulting revenues in 2014 increased 11% when compared to 2013, while the gross contribution margin was 34%, the same as 2013. consultant utilization was 68% for 2014 compared to 64% in 2013, and we had 535 billable consultants at december 31, 2014 compared to 509 at year-end 2013. backlog decreased 3% year-over-year, to $102.6 million at december 31, 2014.
17
events revenues increased 14% year-over-year, to $227.7 million, and 16% adjusted for foreign currency impact. the segment contribution margin was 49% in 2014, a 3 point increase over 2013. we held 61 events in 2014 compared to 64 in 2013, while the number of attendees increased 9% year-over-year, to over 49,000.
for a more detailed discussion of our results, see the segment results section below.
cash flow from our operating activities was $346.8 million in 2014, an increase of 10% compared to 2013. we continue to focus on maximizing shareholder value, and in 2014 we repurchased 5.9 million of our outstanding common shares. we ended 2014 with $365.3 million in cash and cash equivalents. we refinanced our existing credit facility during the fourth quarter of 2014 to take advantage of favorable market conditions, provide for additional liquidity, and extend the maturity of our debt. our total borrowing capacity under the new arrangement is $1.5 billion, which consists of a $400.0 million term loan and a $1.1 billion revolving credit arrangement. the new facility has a five year maturity. at december 31, 2014, approximately $1.1 billion was available for borrowing under the revolver. we believe that we have adequate liquidity to meet our currently anticipated needs.
the company completed three business acquisitions in 2014 (the "2014 acquisitions"). these include software advice, inc., which assists customers with software purchases; market visio oy, a finnish company and former sales agent for gartner research in finland and russia; and sircleit, inc., a provider of cloud-based search technology that identifies subject-matter experts. note 2 - acquisitions in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k provides additional information regarding the 2014 acquisitions. the operating results of these acquisitions have been included in our consolidated and segment operating results beginning on their respective dates of acquisition. the results of these businesses were not material to our consolidated or segment results for the year ended december 31, 2014.
fluctuations in quarterly results our quarterly and annual revenue, operating income, and cash flow fluctuate as a result of many factors, including: the timing of our symposium/itxpo series, which are normally held during the fourth calendar quarter, as well as other events; the timing and amount of new business generated; the mix between domestic and international business; changes in market demand for our products and services; changes in foreign currency rates; the timing of the development, introduction and marketing of our new products and services; competition in the industry; general economic conditions; and other factors which are beyond our control. the potential fluctuations in our operating income could cause period-to-period comparisons of operating results not to be meaningful and could provide an unreliable indication of future operating results and cash flows.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements requires the application of appropriate accounting policies and the use of estimates. our significant accounting policies are described in note 1 in the notes to consolidated financial statements. management considers the policies discussed below to be critical to an understanding of our financial statements because their application requires complex and subjective management judgments and estimates. specific risks for these critical accounting policies are described below.
the preparation of our financial statements also requires us to make estimates and assumptions about future events. we develop our estimates using both current and historical experience, as well as other factors, including the general economic environment and actions we may take in the future. we adjust such estimates when facts and circumstances dictate. however, our estimates may involve significant uncertainties and judgments and cannot be determined with precision. in addition, these estimates are based on our best judgment at a point in time and as such these estimates may ultimately differ from actual results. on-going changes in our estimates could be material and would be reflected in the company's financial statements in future periods.
our critical accounting policies are as follows:
revenue recognition - revenue is recognized in accordance with the requirements of u.s. gaap and sec staff accounting bulletin no. 104, revenue recognition ("sab 104"). revenue is only recognized once all required criteria for revenue recognition have been met. revenue by significant source is accounted for as follows:
•   research revenues are derived from subscription contracts for research products and are deferred and recognized ratably over the applicable contract term. fees from research reprints are recognized when the reprint is delivered.
•   consulting revenues are principally generated from fixed fee and time and material engagements. revenues from fixed fee contracts are recognized on a proportional performance basis. revenues from time and materials engagements are recognized as work is delivered and/or services are provided. revenues related to contract optimization contracts are contingent in nature and are only recognized upon satisfaction of all conditions related to their payment.
18
•   events revenues are deferred and then recognized upon the completion of the related symposium, conference or exhibition.
the majority of research contracts are billable upon signing, absent special terms granted on a limited basis from time to time. all research contracts are non-cancelable and non-refundable, except for government contracts that may have cancellation or fiscal funding clauses. it is our policy to record the entire amount of the contract that is billable as a fee receivable at the time the contract is signed with a corresponding amount as deferred revenue, since the contract represents a legally enforceable claim.
uncollectible fees receivable - we maintain an allowance for losses which is composed of a bad debt allowance and a sales reserve. provisions are charged against earnings, either as a reduction in revenues or an increase to expense. the measurement of likely and probable losses and the allowance for losses is based on historical loss experience, aging of outstanding receivables, an assessment of current economic conditions and the financial health of specific clients. this evaluation is inherently judgmental and requires estimates. these valuation reserves are periodically re-evaluated and adjusted as more information about the ultimate collectability of fees receivable becomes available. circumstances that could cause our valuation reserves to increase include changes in our clients' liquidity and credit quality, other factors negatively impacting our clients' ability to pay their obligations as they come due, and the effectiveness of our collection efforts.
the following table provides our total fees receivable and the related allowance for losses (in thousands):
december 31,
2014                                      2013
total fees receivable      $558,807              $497,923
allowance for losses         (6,700   )            (7,000   )
fees receivable, net       $552,107              $490,923
goodwill and other intangible assets - the company evaluates recorded goodwill in accordance with financial accounting standards board (fasb) accounting standards codification (asc) topic 350, which requires goodwill to be assessed for impairment at least annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. in addition, an impairment evaluation of our amortizable intangible assets may also be performed on a periodic basis should events or circumstances indicate potential impairment. if we determine that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its related carrying amount, we must recognize an impairment charge against earnings. among the factors we consider important that could trigger an impairment review are the following:
•   significant under-performance relative to historical or projected future operating results;
•   significant changes in the manner of our use of acquired assets or the strategy for our overall business;
•   significant negative industry or general economic trends;
•   significant decline in our stock price for a sustained period; and
•   our market capitalization relative to net book value.
the annual assessment of the recoverability of recorded goodwill can be based on either a quantitative or qualitative assessment or a combination of the two. both methods require the use of estimates which in turn contain judgments and assumptions regarding future trends and events. as a result, both the precision and reliability of the resulting estimates are subject to uncertainty. in 2014, we completed the required annual goodwill impairment test utilizing a qualitative approach. based on this assessment, the company believes the fair values of the company's reporting units continue to exceed their respective carrying amounts. see note 1 - business and significant accounting policies in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion.
accounting for income taxes - the company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. we estimate our income taxes in each of the jurisdictions where we operate. this process involves estimating our current tax expense together with assessing temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of items for tax and accounting purposes. these differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are included within our consolidated balance sheets. in assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers if it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. we consider the availability of loss carryforwards, projected reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies in making this assessment. the company recognizes the tax
19
benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not the tax position will be sustained based on the technical merits of the position.
accounting for stock-based compensation - the company accounts for stock-based compensation in accordance with fasb asc topics 505 and 718, as interpreted by sec staff accounting bulletins no. 107 ("sab no. 107") and no. 110 ("sab no. 110"). the company recognizes stock-based compensation expense, which is based on the fair value of the award on the date of grant, over the related service period, net of estimated forfeitures (see note 8 - stock-based compensation in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding stock-based compensation).
determining the appropriate fair value model and calculating the fair value of stock compensation awards requires the input of certain complex and subjective assumptions, including the expected life of the stock compensation award and the company's common stock price volatility. in addition, determining the appropriate amount of associated periodic expense requires management to estimate the rate of employee forfeitures and the likelihood of achievement of certain performance targets. the assumptions used in calculating the fair value of stock compensation awards and the associated periodic expense represent management's best estimates, but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of judgment. as a result, if factors change and the company deems it necessary in the future to modify the assumptions it made or to use different assumptions, or if the quantity and nature of the company's stock-based compensation awards changes, then the amount of expense may need to be adjusted and future stock compensation expense could be materially different from what has been recorded in the current period.
restructuring and other accruals - we may record accruals for severance costs, costs associated with excess facilities that we have leased, contract terminations, asset impairments, and other costs as a result of on-going actions we undertake to streamline our organization, reposition certain businesses and reduce ongoing costs. estimates of costs to be incurred to complete these actions, such as future lease payments, sublease income, the fair value of assets, and severance and related benefits, are based on assumptions at the time the actions are initiated. these accruals may need to be adjusted to the extent actual costs differ from such estimates. in addition, these actions may be revised due to changes in business conditions that we did not foresee at the time such plans were approved.
we also record accruals during the year for our various employee cash incentive programs. amounts accrued at the end of each reporting period are based on our estimates and may require adjustment as the ultimate amount paid for these incentives are sometimes not known with certainty until after year end.
20
results of operations consolidated results
2014 versus 2013
the following table presents the changes in selected line items in our consolidated statements of operations for the two years ended december 31, 2014 (in thousands):
twelve monthsendeddecember 31,2014            twelve monthsendeddecember 31,2013       income increase(decrease)$         increase(decrease)%
total revenues                                              $2,021,441                                    $1,784,213                            $237,228                         13           %
costs and expenses:
cost of services &amp; product development                     797,933                                       713,484                             (84,449          )             (12           )
selling, general and administrative                            876,067                                       760,458                            (115,609          )             (15           )
depreciation                                                    31,186                                        28,996                              (2,190          )              (8           )
amortization of intangibles                                      8,226                                         5,446                              (2,780          )             (51           )
acquisition &amp; integration charges                           21,867                 337                                                       (21,530          )       &gt;(100)
operating income                                               286,162                                       275,492                              10,670                          4
interest expense, net                                          (10,887             )                          (8,837             )                (2,050          )             (23           )
other expense, net                                                (592             )                            (216             )                  (376          )       &gt;(100)
provision for income taxes                                     (90,917             )                         (83,638             )                (7,279          )              (9           )
net income                                                    $183,766                                      $182,801                                $965                          1           %
total revenues for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014 increased $237.2 million, or 13%, compared to the twelve months ended december 31, 2013. total revenues increased 14% excluding the unfavorable impact of foreign currency. revenues increased in all three of our business segments and across all geographic regions.
the following table presents total revenues by geographic region for the twelve months ended (in thousands):
geographic region                 december 31, 2014       december 31, 2013         increase (decrease) $         increase (decrease) %
u.s. and canada                  $1,204,476              $1,049,734                    $154,742                         15            %
europe, middle east, africa         570,334                 508,755                      61,579                         12
other international                 246,631                 225,724                      20,907                          9
totals                           $2,021,441              $1,784,213                    $237,228                         13            %
the following table presents our revenues by segment for the twelve months ended (in thousands):
segment          december 31, 2014       december 31, 2013         increase (decrease) $         increase (decrease) %
research        $1,445,338              $1,271,011                    $174,327                         14            %
consulting         348,396                 314,257                      34,139                         11
events             227,707                 198,945                      28,762                         14
totals          $2,021,441              $1,784,213                    $237,228                         13            %
please refer to the section of this md&a below entitled "segment results" for a further discussion of revenues and results by segment.
21
cost of services and product development ("cos") expense increased 12% in 2014 compared to 2013, or $84.4 million, to $797.9 million compared to $713.5 million in 2013. the impact of foreign currency exchange for the full year was not significant. the increase was primarily due to higher payroll and related benefits costs from additional headcount, which increased 12%. the headcount increase reflects our continued investment in our research business and includes the additional employees resulting from the 2014 acquisitions. cos as a percentage of revenues was 39% in the 2014 period compared to 40% in the 2013 period.
selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expense increased by $115.6 million in 2014, or 15%, to $876.1 million compared to $760.5 million in 2013. excluding the favorable impact of foreign currency exchange, sg&a expense increased 16% year-over-year. the increase was primarily due to higher payroll and related benefits costs from additional headcount, higher sales commissions, and merit salary increases. the increased headcount includes our investment in additional quota-bearing sales associates, which increased to 1,881 at december 31, 2014, a 14% increase over year-end 2013.
depreciation expense increased 8% in 2014 compared to 2013, which reflects our additional investment in fixed assets.
amortization of intangibles increased 51% year-over-year due to the intangibles arising from the 2014 acquisitions.
acquisition and integration charges was $21.9 million in 2014 compared to $0.3 million in 2013. these charges are directly-related to our acquisitions and primarily include amounts accrued for payments contingent on the achievement of certain employment conditions, legal, consulting, and severance costs.
operating income increased $10.7 million year-over-year, or 4%, to $286.2 million in 2014 from $275.5 million in 2013. the increased operating income was attributable to higher segment contributions from our research and events businesses. operating income as a percentage of revenues was 14% in 2014 and 15% in 2013.
interest expense, net increased 23% year-over-year due to additional borrowings in the 2014 period.
other expense, net was $0.6 million in 2014 and $0.2 million in 2013. these expenses primarily consisted of net foreign currency exchange gains and losses.
provision for income taxes was $90.9 million in 2014 compared to $83.6 million in 2013 and the effective tax rate was 33.1% for 2014 compared to 31.4% for 2013. the higher effective tax rate in 2014 was primarily due to the impact of certain favorable items in 2013, as well as the unfavorable mix of pretax income by jurisdiction in 2014 which was partially offset by foreign tax credit benefits in 2014. the favorable items in 2013 included the enactment of certain beneficial legislation in 2013, the release of tax reserves due to audit settlements, and increased tax exempt income.
during 2014, the internal revenue service closed its audit of the company's 2011 and 2010 federal income tax returns. the resolution of the audit did not have a material adverse effect on the company's consolidated financial position, cash flows, or results of operations.
net income was $183.8 million in 2014 and $182.8 million in 2013, an increase of 1%, as the increased operating income in 2014 was substantially offset by additional income tax charges. diluted earnings per share increased 5% year-over-year, to $2.03 in 2014, primarily due to a lower number of weighted-average shares outstanding.
22
2013 versus 2012
the following table presents the changes in selected line items in our consolidated statements of operations for the two years ended december 31, 2013 (in thousands):
twelve monthsendeddecember 31,2013        twelve monthsendeddecember 31,2012          income increase(decrease)$         increase(decrease)%
total revenues                                              $1,784,213                                $1,615,808                               $168,405                         10           %
costs and expenses:
cost of services &amp; product development                     713,484                                   659,067                                (54,417          )              (8           )
selling, general and administrative                            760,458                                   678,843                                (81,615          )             (12           )
depreciation                                                    28,996                                    25,369                                 (3,627          )             (14           )
amortization of intangibles                                      5,446                                     4,402                                 (1,044          )             (24           )
acquisition &amp; integration charges                              337                                     2,420                                  2,083                         86
operating income                                               275,492                                   245,707                                 29,785                         12
interest expense, net                                           (8,837             )                      (8,859             )   22                                              -
other expense, net                                                (216             )                      (1,252             )                    1,036                         83
provision for income taxes                                     (83,638             )                     (69,693             )                  (13,945          )             (20           )
net income                                                    $182,801                                  $165,903                                $16,898                         10           %
total revenues for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013 increased $168.4 million, or 10%, compared to the twelve months ended december 31, 2012. total revenues increased 11% excluding the unfavorable impact of foreign currency. revenues increased in all three of our business segments and across all of our geographic regions.
the following table presents total revenues by geographic region for the twelve months ended (in thousands):
geographic region                 december 31, 2013       december 31, 2012         increase (decrease) $         increase (decrease) %
u.s. and canada                  $1,049,734                $947,075                    $102,659                         11            %
europe, middle east, africa         508,755                 458,675                      50,080                         11
other international                 225,724                 210,058                      15,666                          7
totals                           $1,784,213              $1,615,808                    $168,405                         10            %
the following table presents our revenues by segment for the twelve months ended (in thousands):
segment          december 31, 2013       december 31, 2012         increase (decrease) $         increase (decrease) %
research        $1,271,011              $1,137,147                    $133,864                         12            %
consulting         314,257                $304,893                       9,364                          3
events             198,945                $173,768                      25,177                         14
totals          $1,784,213              $1,615,808                    $168,405                         10            %
please refer to the section of this md&a below entitled "segment results" for a further discussion of revenues and results by segment.
cost of services and product development ("cos") expense increased 8% in 2013 compared to 2012, or $54.4 million, to $713.5 million compared to $659.1 million in 2012. the increase was primarily due to higher payroll and related benefits costs from additional headcount as we continued to invest to support the growth in our business, and to a lesser extent, merit salary increases. we also had higher conference costs due to an increase in the number of events, a double-digit increase in the number of exhibitors at our events, and the upgrading of facilities in several locations to support anticipated growth in the
23
events business. these additional costs were partially offset by the favorable impact of foreign currency. cos as a percentage of revenues was 40% in the 2013 period compared to 41% in the 2012 period.
selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expense increased by $81.6 million in 2013, or 12%, to $760.5 million compared to $678.8 million in 2012. the increase was primarily due to higher payroll and related benefits costs, which was partially offset by favorable foreign currency impact. the higher payroll and benefit cost was primarily driven by our investment in additional headcount, and to a lesser extent, higher sales commissions and merit salary increases. the increased headcount includes additional quota-bearing sales associates, which increased to 1,643 at december 31, 2013, a 16% increase over year-end 2012.
depreciation expense increased 14% in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to additional depreciation on leasehold improvements from two renovated buildings on our stamford headquarters campus being placed into service during 2013.
amortization of intangibles increased 24% year-over-year due to a full year of amortization in 2013 of the intangible assets recorded from the ideas international acquisition in mid-2012.
acquisition and integration charges was $0.3 million in 2013 compared to $2.4 million in 2012. these charges are directly-related to our acquisitions and primarily include legal, consulting, and severance costs.
operating income increased $29.8 million year-over-year, or 12%, to $275.5 million in 2013 from $245.7 million in 2012. the increased operating income was primarily attributable to a substantially higher segment contribution from our research segment. operating income as a percentage of revenues was 15% for both periods.
interest expense, net was flat year-over-year.
other expense, net was $0.2 million in 2013 and $1.3 million in 2012. these expenses primarily consisted of net foreign currency exchange gains and losses.
provision for income taxes was $83.6 million in 2013 compared to $69.7 million in 2012 and the effective tax rate was 31.4% for 2013 compared to 29.6% for 2012. the higher effective tax rate in 2013 was primarily attributable to a change in the annual mix of pre-tax income by jurisdiction as well as the impact of certain state tax credits recognized in 2012.
in 2013 the company closed the internal revenue service ("irs") audit of its 2008 and 2009 federal income tax returns. the resolution of the audit did not have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position, cash flows, or results of operations of the company. in late 2013 the company received notice that the irs would conduct an audit of the company's 2010 and 2011 tax years.
the american taxpayer relief act of 2012 (the "2012 tax act") was enacted in january of 2013 and contained beneficial tax provisions for the company which applied retroactively to 2012. however, since the 2012 tax act was passed in 2013, approximately $1.5 million of tax benefits relating to its retroactive application were recorded by the company in early 2013.
net income was $182.8 million in 2013 and $165.9 million in 2012, an increase of $16.9 million, or 10%, primarily due to the higher operating income, which was partially offset by higher income tax charges. diluted earnings per share increased 12% year-over-year due to the higher net income and to a lesser extent a lower number of weighted-average shares outstanding.
24
segment results we evaluate reportable segment performance and allocate resources based on gross contribution margin. gross contribution is defined as operating income excluding certain cost of services and product development charges, sg&a, depreciation, acquisition and integration charges, and amortization of intangibles. gross contribution margin is defined as gross contribution as a percentage of revenues.
the following sections present the results of our three business segments.
research the following table presents the financial results and business measurements of our research segment as of and for the twelve months ended december 31:
2014                                                             2013         increase(decrease)       %increase(decrease)                  2013                2012         increase(decrease)       %increase(decrease)
financial measurements:
revenues (1)                           $1,445,338          $1,271,011          $174,327                       14   %                  $1,271,011          $1,137,147          $133,864                       12   %
gross contribution (1)                 $1,001,914            $879,384          $122,530                       14   %                    $879,384            $774,342          $105,042                       14   %
gross contribution margin              69   %              69       %                          -       -                              69       %          68       %           1 point                -
business measurements:
contract value (1)                     $1,603,200          $1,423,179          $180,021                       13   %                  $1,423,179          $1,262,865          $160,314                       13   %
enterprise client retention (2)        85   %              83       %          2 points                -                              83       %          84       %         (1) point                -
enterprise wallet retention (2)       106   %             104       %          2 points                -                             104       %         105       %         (1) point                -
organization client retention (2)      84   %              82       %          2 points                -                              82       %          83       %         (1) point                -
organization wallet retention (2)     100   %              98       %          2 points                -                              98       %          99       %         (1) point                -
(1)   dollars in thousands.
(2)   we define an enterprise as a single company or customer. we define an organization as a buying center within an enterprise, such as a location or department. a single enterprise may have multiple organizations.
2014 versus 2013
research segment revenues in 2014 increased 14% compared to 2013. the impact of foreign exchange translation was not significant. the segment gross contribution margin was 69% for both periods. contribution margin remained at 69% in spite of a 16% increase in segment headcount, which includes the additional employees from the 2014 acquisitions.
research contract value increased 13% in 2014 to $1.603 billion, and increased 14% year-over-year adjusted for the impact of foreign currency translation. our growth in contract value was broad-based, with every region, industry segment, and client size growing at double-digit rates compared to 2013. the number of our research client enterprises increased by 10% in 2014, to 9,958. both enterprise client retention and wallet retention remained strong, at 85% and 106% as of december 31, 2014, respectively.
2013 versus 2012
research segment revenues in 2013 increased 12% compared to 2012. the impact of foreign exchange translation was not significant. the segment gross contribution margin increased by 1 point, to 69%, driven by the operating leverage in this business. contribution margin improved in spite of an 8% increase in segment headcount. research contract value increased 13% in 2013 to $1.423 billion, and increased 12% year-over-year adjusted for the impact of foreign currency translation. our growth in contract value was broad-based, with almost every region, industry segment, and client size growing at double-digit rates compared to 2012. enterprise client retention and wallet retention were 83% and 104% at december 31, 2013, respectively.
25
consulting the following table presents the financial results and business measurements of our consulting segment as of and for the twelve months ended december 31:
2014                                                                               2013           $increase(decrease)         %increase(decrease)               2013               2012           $increase(decrease)        %increase(decrease)
financial measurements:
revenues (1)                                                $348,396           $314,257              $34,139                       11           %           $314,257           $304,893               $9,364                       3   %
gross contribution (1)                                      $119,931           $107,565              $12,366                       11           %           $107,565           $109,253              $(1,688        )             (2   )%
gross contribution margin                                    34    %            34    %                    -                        -                        34    %            36    %           (2) points                       -
business measurements:
backlog (1)                                                 $102,600           $106,130              $(3,530        )              (3          )%           $106,130           $102,718               $3,412                       3   %
billable headcount                                               535           509        26                                        5           %           509                503        6                                        1   %
consultant utilization                                       68    %            64    %             4 points                        -                        64    %            67    %           (3) points                       -
average annualized revenue per billable headcount (1)      $442               $409                       $33                        8           %          $409               $430                      $(21        )             (5   )%
(1)   dollars in thousands.
2014 versus 2013
consulting revenues increased 11% year-over-year and 12% when adjusted for the impact of foreign exchange. the increase was primarily due to higher core consulting revenues and to a lesser extent, higher contract optimization revenues. contract optimization revenues can fluctuate from period to period but are generally about 10-15% of total annual consulting segment revenues. the gross contribution margin was 34% for both periods. backlog decreased $3.5 million, or 3%, year-over-year, to $102.6 million at december 31, 2014.
2013 versus 2012
consulting revenues increased 3% year-over-year and 4% when adjusted for the impact of foreign exchange. the increase was due to higher contract optimization revenue. the increased contract optimization revenues were partially offset by slightly lower core consulting and strategic advisory ("sas") revenues. the gross contribution margin declined by 2 points due to higher payroll and benefit costs from additional headcount and merit salary increases, and to a lesser extent, lower utilization in core consulting. backlog increased $3.4 million, or 3%, year-over-year, to $106.1 million at december 31, 2013.
events the following table presents the financial results and business measurements of our events segment as of and for the twelve months ended december 31:
2014                                                     2013        $increase(decrease)         %increase(decrease)                2013                2012           $increase(decrease)         %increase(decrease)
financial measurements:
revenues (1)                     $227,707            $198,945           $28,762                       14           %            $198,945            $173,768              $25,177                       14   %
gross contribution (1)           $112,384             $91,216           $21,168                       23           %             $91,216             $80,119              $11,097                       14   %
gross contribution margin       49      %           46      %          3 points                        -                       46      %           46      %                    -                        -
business measurements:
number of events                61                  64                       (3        )              (5          )%           64                  62          2                                         3   %
number of attendees         49,047              44,986                    4,061                        9           %       44,986              46,307                      (1,321        )              (3   )%
(1)   dollars in thousands.
26
2014 versus 2013
events revenues increased $28.8 million when comparing 2014 to 2013, or 14%. excluding the impact of foreign currency translation, revenues increased 16% year-over-year. we held 61 events in 2014, consisting of 59 ongoing events and 2 new events, compared to 64 events in 2013. five events that were held in 2013 were discontinued in 2014. the year-over-year revenue increase was primarily attributable to higher exhibitor revenue at our ongoing events and to a lesser extent, higher attendee revenue. the overall number of attendees increased 9%, while the number of exhibitors increased 10%. average revenue per attendee rose 6% and average revenue per exhibitor increased 9%. the gross contribution margin increased 3 points year-over-year.
2013 versus 2012
events revenues increased $25.2 million when comparing 2013 to 2012, or 14%, but excluding the impact of foreign currency translation, revenues increased 15% year-over-year. we held 64 events in 2013, consisting of 58 ongoing events and 6 new events, compared to 62 events in 2012. the year-over-year revenue increase was primarily attributable to higher exhibitor revenue at our ongoing events. the overall number of attendees declined slightly while the number of exhibitors increased 11%. average revenue per attendee rose 15% and average revenue per exhibitor increased 6%. the gross contribution margin was flat year-over-year at 46%.
liquidity and capital resources we finance our operations primarily through cash generated from our operating activities. for 2014, we had operating cash flow of $346.8 million, which was the highest in the company's history and represented an increase of 10% over 2013. our operating cash flow has been continuously enhanced by the leverage characteristics of our subscription-based business model as well as our focus on operational efficiencies. revenues in our research segment, which increased 14% in 2014 compared to 2013, constituted 72% and 71% of our total revenues in 2014 and 2013, respectively. the majority of our research contracts renew annually and typically are paid in advance, and combined with a strong customer retention rate and high incremental margins, has generally resulted in strong growth in operating cash flow each year. our cash flow generation has also benefited from our continuing efforts to improve the operating efficiencies of our businesses as well as a focus on the optimal management of our working capital as we increase our sales volume.
we had over $365.0 million of cash and cash equivalents at year-end 2014. we refinanced our debt in 2014 to take advantage of favorable market conditions and we had approximately $1.1 billion of available borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility at year-end 2014. we believe that our consistently strong operating cash flow, as well as our existing cash balances and our available borrowing capacity, provide us with adequate liquidity to meet our currently anticipated needs.
our cash and cash equivalents are held in numerous locations throughout the world. at december 31, 2014, $305.0 million of our cash and cash equivalents was held outside the u.s. approximately 61% of the cash and cash equivalents held overseas represents unremitted earnings of our non-u.s subsidiaries. under u.s. accounting rules, no provision for income taxes that may result from the remittance of such earnings is required if the company intends to reinvest such funds overseas. our current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate these undistributed earnings to fund our u.s. operations or otherwise satisfy the liquidity needs of our u.s operations. we intend to reinvest these earnings in our non-u.s. operations, except in instances in which the repatriation of these earnings would result in minimal additional tax. as a result, the company has not recognized additional income tax expense that may result from the remittance of these earnings. however, should our liquidity needs change or we decide to repatriate some or all of these unremitted earnings, we may be required to accrue additional taxes which could have a material effect on our consolidated financial position, cash flows, and results of operations.
27
changes in cash and cash equivalents the following disclosure summarizes and explains the changes in our cash and cash equivalents for the three years ended december 31, 2014 (in thousands):
2014 vs. 2013                                                                                                          2013 vs. 2012
twelve monthsendeddecember 31,2014            twelve monthsendeddecember 31,2013             increase(decrease)        twelve monthsendeddecember 31,2013            twelve monthsendeddecember 31,2012             increase(decrease)
cash provided by operating activities                    $346,779                                      $315,654                             $31,125                             $315,654                                      $279,813                             $35,841
cash used in investing activities                        (162,777             )                         (36,498             )              (126,279        )                     (36,498             )                         (54,673             )                18,175
cash used by financing activities                        (208,670             )                        (153,855             )               (54,815        )                    (153,855             )                         (72,570             )               (81,285        )
net (decrease) increase                                   (24,668             )                         125,301                            (149,969        )                     125,301                                       152,570                             (27,269        )
effects of exchange rate changes (1)                      (34,020             )                          (1,163             )               (32,857        )                      (1,163             )                           4,543                              (5,706        )
beginning cash and cash equivalents                       423,990                                       299,852                             124,138                              299,852                                       142,739                             157,113
ending cash and cash equivalents                         $365,302                                      $423,990                            $(58,688        )                    $423,990                                      $299,852                            $124,138
(1)   during 2014, a number of foreign currencies in which we hold cash weakened relative to the u.s. dollar. as a result, the effects of exchange rates had a significant impact on the december 31, 2014 cash and cash equivalent balance.
2014 versus 2013
operating operating cash flow increased by $31.1 million, or 10%, when comparing 2014 to 2013. the increase was primarily due to additional cash collections in our research and events businesses and other positive working capital changes. partially offsetting the additional collections were higher cash payments for bonuses, commissions, and income taxes.
investing we used an additional $126.3 million of cash in our investing activities in 2014 compared to 2013, principally due to the 2014 acquisitions, in which we paid a total of $109.9 million (net of the cash acquired), and an additional $14.4 million was placed in escrow. the company used both existing cash and additional borrowings to finance the 2014 acquisitions. we also used an additional $2.0 million in cash for capital expenditures in the 2014 period.
financing we used $208.7 million of cash in our financing activities during 2014 compared to $153.9 million of cash used in 2013. during 2014, the company used $432.0 million of cash for share repurchases, which was partially offset by $195.4 million of net proceeds from debt issuance and related debt issuance costs and $28.0 million from employee share-based activity. during 2013 the company used $182.0 million of cash for share repurchases and $4.0 million for debt refinancing fees, which was partially offset by $32.0 million from employee share-based activities.
2013 versus 2012
operating operating cash flow increased by $35.8 million, or 13%, when comparing 2013 to 2012. the increase was primarily due to higher net income in the 2013 period, as well as additional receivable collections and other positive working capital changes. these increases were partially offset by additional cash payments in the 2013 period for bonus, commissions, and income taxes, and we also had lower cash reimbursements in the 2013 period related to the completion of the renovation of our stamford headquarters facility.
investing cash used in our investing activities declined by $18.2 million in 2013 compared to 2012. the decrease was primarily due to $10.3 million of cash used in 2012 for the acquisition of ideas international and to a lesser extent, higher capital expenditures in 2012.
28
capital expenditures were $36.5 million in 2013 compared to $44.3 million in 2012, which included $7.7 million and $17.0 million, respectively, that were paid for the renovation of our stamford headquarters facility. the company's total expenditures on the renovation were approximately $34.2 million. the company received a total of $25.0 million of reimbursements from the facility landlord for the renovation, of which $3.0 million was received in 2013, $13.0 million in 2012, and $9.0 million in 2011, which were recorded in operating cash flows.
financing we used $154.0 million of cash in our financing activities in 2013 compared to $73.0 million in 2012, an increase in cash used of $81.0 million, primarily due to share repurchases. we used $182.0 million of cash in 2013 for share repurchases compared to $111.0 million in 2012. we also had lower cash proceeds from employee share-based activity in the 2013 period, and we also paid $4.0 million of fees related to our debt refinancing in the 2013 period.
obligations and commitments
2014 credit agreement the company has a five-year credit arrangement that it entered into in december 2014 that provides for a $400.0 million term loan and a $1.1 billion revolving credit facility (the "2014 credit agreement"). under the revolving credit facility, amounts may be borrowed, repaid, and re-borrowed through the maturity date of the agreement in december 2019. the term and revolving facilities may be increased, at the company's option, by up to an additional $500.0 million in the aggregate. as of december 31, 2014, the company had $400.0 million outstanding under the term facility and zero under the revolver. see note 5 - debt in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the 2014 credit agreement.
off-balance sheet arrangements through december 31, 2014, we have not entered into any off-balance sheet arrangements or transactions with unconsolidated entities or other persons.
contractual cash commitments the company has certain contractual commitments that require future cash payments. the following table summarizes these contractual cash commitments due after december 31, 2014 (in thousands):
commitment description:                       due in less than1 year         due in 2-3years         due in 4-5years       due in more than5 years             total debt - principal and interest (1), (2)             $28,950                   $61,660                $341,570                      $5,120                $437,300
operating leases (3)                                35,230                    51,445                  35,535                     100,960                 223,170
deferred compensation arrangement (4)                4,190                     5,725                   3,300                      25,625                  38,840
tax liabilities (5)                                  1,200                         -                       -                           -                   1,200
other (6)                                           17,100                     6,620                   6,335                      18,845                  48,900
totals                                             $86,670                  $125,450                $386,740                    $150,550                $749,410
(1)   includes amounts due under the 2014 credit agreement, which matures in december 2019. amounts borrowed under the term loan arrangement have been classified in the table based on the scheduled repayment dates. interest payments on amounts outstanding under the 2014 credit agreement were based on the floating rate as of december 31, 2014.
(2)   the company's $5.0 million state of connecticut economic development loan is included in the due in more than 5 years category since it has a 10 year maturity. interest payments on the loan have been calculated based on the contractual fixed rate of interest of 3%. under certain circumstances, part or all of this debt may be forgiven by the state. see note 5 - debt in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
29
(3)   the company leases various facilities, furniture, autos, and computer equipment. these leases expire between 2015 and 2028. see note 1 - business and significant accounting policies in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on the company's leases.
(4)   represents the company's liability to participants in its supplemental deferred compensation arrangement (see note 13 - employee benefits in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information). amounts payable to active employees whose payment date is unknown have been included in the due in more than 5 years category since the company cannot determine when the amounts will be paid.
(5)   includes interest and penalties. in addition to the amount presented in the table, the company also has recorded liabilities of $19.9 million for unrecognized tax benefits and $2.9 million for related potential interest and penalties. we are uncertain as to when or if such amounts may be settled.
(6)   includes (i) contractual commitments for software, building maintenance, and telecom services; (ii) amounts due for share repurchase transactions that occurred in late december 2014 but were settled in early january 2015; and (iii) projected cash contributions to the company's defined benefit pension plans.
quarterly financial data the following tables present our quarterly operating results for the two-year period ended december 31, 2014:
2014
(in thousands, except per share data)             first             second             third             fourth revenues                                   $446,702          $519,820           $470,940          $583,979
operating income                             59,170            81,761             49,391            95,840
net income                                   37,736            53,040             33,846            59,144
net income per share: (1)
basic                                         $0.41             $0.59              $0.38             $0.67
diluted                                       $0.40             $0.58              $0.38             $0.66
2013
(in thousands, except per share data)             first             second             third             fourth revenues                                   $406,754          $446,047           $410,705          $520,707
operating income                             54,005            73,987             58,743            88,757
net income                                   36,675            46,514             38,194            61,418
net income per share: (1)
basic                                         $0.39             $0.50              $0.41             $0.67
diluted                                       $0.38             $0.49              $0.40             $0.65
(1)   the aggregate of the four quarters' basic and diluted earnings per common share may not equal the reported full calendar year amounts due to the effects of share repurchases, dilutive equity compensation, and rounding.
30
recently issued accounting standards accounting rules issued by the various u.s. standard setting and governmental authorities that have not yet become effective and may impact our consolidated financial statements in future periods are described below, together with our assessment of the potential impact they may have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in future periods:
revenue recognition in may 2014, the fasb issued accounting standards update (asu) no. 2014-09, "revenue from contracts with customers" ("asu no. 2014-09"). asu no. 2014-09 is intended to clarify the principles for recognizing revenue by: removing inconsistencies and weaknesses in revenue recognition requirements; providing a more robust framework for addressing revenue issues; improving comparability of revenue recognition practices across entities, industries, jurisdictions and capital markets; and providing more useful information to users of financial statements through improved revenue disclosure requirements. the provisions of the new rule are effective for gartner on january 1, 2017. early adoption is not permitted. we continue to evaluate the impact of asu no. 2014-09.
discontinued operations in may 2014, the fasb issued asu no. 2014-08, reporting discontinued operations and disclosures of disposals of components of an entity ("asu 2014-08"), which changes the criteria for determining which disposal transactions can be presented as discontinued operations and modifies related disclosure requirements. under the new guidance, a discontinued operation is defined as a disposal of a component or group of components that is disposed of or is classified as held for sale and represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity's operations and financial results. the company adopted the new rule on january 1, 2015 and it did not have an impact on the company's consolidated financial statements.
the fasb also continues to work on a number of significant accounting rules which may impact the company's accounting and disclosures in future periods. since these rules have not yet been issued, the effective dates and potential impact are unknown.
31
