item 1a.    risk factors we operate in a changing environment that involves numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. the risks described below highlight some of the factors that have affected and could affect us in the future. we may also be affected by unknown risks or risks that we currently think are immaterial. if any such events actually occur, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
construction and maintenance sites are inherently dangerous workplaces. if we fail to maintain safe work sites, we can be exposed to significant financial losses as well as civil and criminal liabilities.
construction and maintenance sites often put our employees and others in close proximity with large pieces of mechanized equipment, moving vehicles, chemical and manufacturing processes, and highly regulated materials. on many sites we are responsible for safety and, accordingly, must implement safety procedures. if we fail to implement such procedures or if the procedures we implement are ineffective, our employees and others may become injured. unsafe work sites also have the potential to increase employee turnover, increase the cost of a project to our clients, and raise our operating costs. any of the foregoing could result in financial losses, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
in addition, our projects can involve the handling of hazardous and other highly regulated materials, which, if improperly handled or disposed of, could subject us to civil and criminal liabilities. we are also subject to regulations dealing with occupational health and safety. although we maintain functional groups whose primary purpose is to ensure we implement effective health, safety, and environmental ("hse") work procedures throughout our organization, including construction sites and maintenance sites, the failure to comply with such regulations could subject us to liability.
our safety record is critical to our reputation. many of our clients require that we meet certain safety criteria to be eligible to bid for contracts and many contracts provide for automatic termination or forfeiture of some or all of our contract fees or profit in the event we fail to meet certain measures. as a result, our failure to maintain adequate safety standards could result in reduced profitability or the loss of projects or clients, and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
our project execution activities may result in liability for faulty engineering services.
our failure to make judgments and recommendations in accordance with applicable professional standards could result in large damages. our engineering practice, for example, involves professional judgments regarding the planning, design, development, construction, operations and management of industrial facilities and public infrastructure projects. while we do not generally accept liability for consequential damages, and although we have adopted a range of insurance, risk management and risk avoidance programs designed to reduce potential liabilities, a catastrophic event at one of our project sites or completed projects resulting from the services we have performed could result in significant professional or product liability, warranty or other claims against us as well as reputational harm, especially if public safety is impacted. these liabilities could exceed our insurance limits or the fees we generate, or could impact our ability to obtain insurance in the future. in addition, clients or subcontractors who have agreed to indemnify us against any such liabilities or losses might refuse or be unable to pay us. an uninsured claim, either in part or in whole, if successful and of a material magnitude, could have a substantial impact on our operations.
the outcome of pending and future claims and litigation could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
we are a party to litigation in the normal course of business. since we engage in engineering and construction activities for large facilities and projects where design, construction or systems failures can result in substantial injury or damage to employees or others, we are exposed to substantial claims and litigation if there is a failure at any such project. such claims could relate to, among other things, personal injury, loss of life, business interruption, property damage, pollution, and environmental damage and be brought by our clients or third parties, such as those who use or reside near our clients' projects. we can also be exposed to claims if we agreed that a project will achieve certain performance standards or satisfy certain technical requirements and those standards or requirements are not met. in many of our contracts with clients, subcontractors, and vendors, we agree to retain or assume potential liabilities for damages, penalties, losses, and other exposures relating to projects that could result in claims that greatly exceed the anticipated profits relating to those contracts. in addition, while page 19
clients and subcontractors may agree to indemnify us against certain liabilities, such third parties may refuse or be unable to pay us.
we maintain insurance coverage for various aspects of our business and operations. our insurance programs have varying coverage limits and maximums, and insurance companies may seek to deny claims we might make. in addition, we have elected to retain a portion of losses that may occur through the use of various deductibles, limits, and retentions under these programs. as a result, we may be subject to future liability for which we are only partially insured, or completely uninsured.
although in the past we have been generally able to cover our insurance needs, there can be no assurances that we can secure all necessary or appropriate insurance in the future, or that such insurance can be economically secured. for example, catastrophic events can result in decreased coverage limits, more limited coverage, increased premium costs or deductibles. we also monitor the financial health of the insurance companies from which we procure insurance, and this is one of the factors we take into account when purchasing insurance. our insurance is purchased from a number of the world's leading providers, often in layered insurance or quota share arrangements. if any of our third party insurers fail, abruptly cancel our coverage or otherwise cannot satisfy their insurance requirements to us, then our overall risk exposure and operational expenses could be increased and our business operations could be interrupted.
in addition, the nature of our business sometimes results in clients, subcontractors, and vendors presenting claims to us for, among other things, recovery of costs related to certain projects. similarly, we occasionally present change orders and other claims to our clients, subcontractors, and vendors. if we fail to document properly the nature of our claims and change orders or are otherwise unsuccessful in negotiating reasonable settlements with our clients, subcontractors, and vendors, we could incur cost overruns, reduced profits or, in some cases, a loss for a project. a failure to promptly recover on these types of claims could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity and financial results. additionally, irrespective of how well we document the nature of our claims and change orders, the cost to prosecute and defend claims and change orders can be significant.
litigation and regulatory proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties and unfavorable rulings can and do occur. pending or future claims against us could result in professional liability, product liability, criminal liability, warranty obligations, and other liabilities which, to the extent we are not insured against a loss or our insurer fails to provide coverage, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
we bear the risk of cost overruns in fixed-price contracts. we may experience reduced profits or, in some cases, losses under these contracts if costs increase above our estimates.
for fiscal 2014, approximately 17.0% of our revenues were earned under contracts that were fixed-price in nature. for these contracts, we bear the risk of paying some, if not all, of any cost overruns. fixed-price contract amounts are established in part on cost and scheduling estimates that are based on a number of assumptions, including those about future economic conditions, prices and availability of labor, equipment and materials, and other exigencies. if these estimates prove inaccurate, there are errors or ambiguities as to contract specifications, or if circumstances change due to, among other things, unanticipated technical problems, difficulties in obtaining permits or approvals, changes in local laws or labor conditions, weather delays, changes in the costs of raw materials, or our vendors' or subcontractors' inability to perform, then cost overruns may occur and we could experience reduced profits or, in some cases, a loss for that project. if the project is significant, or there are one or more issues that impact multiple projects, costs overruns could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
our vulnerability to the cyclical nature of the markets in which our clients operate is exacerbated during economic downturns or time of political uncertainty.
we provide technical, professional, construction, and o&m services to clients operating in a number of markets including oil and gas exploration, production, and refining; programs for various national governments, including the u.s. federal government; chemicals and polymers; mining and minerals; pharmaceuticals and biotechnology; infrastructure; buildings; power; and other, general industrial and consumer businesses and markets (such as technology and manufacturing; pulp and paper; and food and consumer products). these markets and the resulting demand for our services have been, and we expect will continue to be, cyclical and subject to significant fluctuations due to a variety of factors beyond our control, including economic conditions and changes in client spending, particularly during periods of economic or political uncertainty.
page 20
current global economic and political conditions have negatively impacted many of our clients' ability and willingness to fund their projects. they have also caused our clients to reduce their capital expenditures, alter the mix of services purchased, seek more favorable price and other contract terms, and otherwise slow their spending on our services. for example, in the public sector, declines in state tax revenues as well as other economic declines may result in lower state and local government spending. in addition, due to these conditions many of our competitors may be more inclined to take greater or unusual risks or accept terms and conditions in contracts that we might not deem acceptable. these conditions have reduced the demand for our services, which has had a significant negative impact on our business and results of operations.
current economic and political conditions also make it extremely difficult for our clients, our vendors, and us to accurately forecast and plan future business activities and could cause businesses to continue to slow spending on our services. we cannot predict the timing, strength or duration of any economic slowdown or subsequent economic recovery worldwide or in our clients' markets. in addition, our business has traditionally lagged recoveries in the general economy and, therefore, may not recover as quickly as the economy at large. a continuation or worsening of current weak economic conditions or a reduction in government spending could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
regardless of economic or market conditions, investment decisions by our customers may vary by location or as a result of other factors like the availability of labor or relative construction cost. because we are dependent on the timing and funding of new awards, we are therefore vulnerable to changes in our clients' markets and investment decisions. as a result, our past results have varied and may continue to vary depending upon the demand for future projects in the markets and the locations in which we operate.
fluctuations in commodity prices may affect our customers' investment decisions and therefore subject us to risks of cancellation, delays in existing work, or changes in the timing and funding of new awards.
commodity prices can affect our customers in a number of ways. for example, for those customers that produce commodity products such as oil, gas, copper, or fertilizers, fluctuations in price can have a direct effect on their profitability and cash flow and, therefore, their willingness to continue to invest or make new capital investments. to the extent commodity prices decline and our customers defer new investments or cancel or delay existing projects, the demand for our services decreases, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
commodity prices can also strongly affect the costs of projects. rising commodity prices can negatively impact the potential returns on investments that are planned, as well as those in progress, and result in customers deferring new investments or canceling or delaying existing projects. cancellations and delays have affected our past results and may continue to do so in significant and unpredictable ways and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
our continued success is dependent upon our ability to hire, retain, and utilize qualified personnel.
the success of our business is dependent upon our ability to hire, retain, and utilize qualified personnel, including engineers, architects, designers, craft personnel, and corporate management professionals who have the required experience and expertise. from time to time, it may be difficult to attract and retain qualified individuals with the expertise and in the timeframe demanded by our clients. in certain geographic areas, for example, we may not be able to satisfy the demand for our services because of our inability to successfully hire and retain qualified personnel.
in addition, as some of our key personnel approach retirement age, we need to have appropriate succession plans in place and to successfully implement such plans. if we cannot attract and retain qualified personnel or effectively implement appropriate succession plans, it could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
the cost of providing our services, including the extent to which we utilize our workforce, affects our profitability. for example, the uncertainty of contract award timing can present difficulties in matching our workforce size with our contracts. if an expected contract award is delayed or not received, we could incur costs resulting from excess staff, reductions in staff, or redundancy of facilities that could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial conditions, and results of operations.
page 21
contracts with the u.s. federal government and other governments and their agencies pose additional risks relating to future funding and compliance.
contracts with the u.s. federal government and other governments and their agencies, which are a significant source of our revenue and profit, are subject to various uncertainties, restrictions, and regulations including oversight audits by various government authorities as well as cost controls. government contracts are also exposed to uncertainties associated with funding such as sequestration. contracts with the u.s. federal government, for example, are subject to the uncertainties of congressional funding. governments are typically under no obligation to maintain funding at any specific level, and funds for government programs may even be eliminated.
as a result, our government clients may reduce the scope or terminate our contracts for convenience or decide not to renew our contracts with little or no prior notice. since government contracts represent a significant percentage of our revenues (for example, those with the u.s. federal government represented approximately 17.8% of our total revenue in fiscal 2014), a significant reduction in government funding or the loss of such contracts could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
most government contracts are awarded through a rigorous competitive process. the u.s. federal government has increasingly relied upon multiple-year contacts with multiple contractors that generally require those contractors to engage in an additional competitive bidding process for each task order issued under a contract. this process may result in us facing significant additional pricing pressure and uncertainty and incurring additional costs. moreover, we may not be awarded government contracts because of existing policies designed to protect small businesses and under-represented minorities. our inability to win new contracts or be awarded work under existing contracts could have a negative impact on our business and results of operations.
in addition, government contracts are subject to specific procurement regulations and a variety of other socio-economic requirements, which affects how we transact business with our clients and, in some instances, impose additional costs on our business operations. for example, for contracts with the u.s. federal government, we must comply with the federal acquisition regulation, the truth in negotiations act, the cost accounting standards, the service contract act, and numerous regulations governing, environmental protection, and employment practices. government contracts also contain terms that expose us to heightened levels of risk and potential liability than non-government contracts. this includes, for example, unlimited indemnification obligations.
we also are subject to government audits, investigations, and proceedings. for example, government agencies such as the u.s. defense contract audit agency routinely review and audit us to determine the adequacy of and our compliance with our internal control systems and policies and whether allowable costs are in accordance with applicable regulations. these audits can result in a determination that a rule or regulation has been violated or that adjustments are necessary to the amount of contract costs we believe are reimbursable by the agencies and the amount of our overhead costs allocated to the agencies.
if we violate a rule or regulation, fail to comply with a contractual or other requirement or do not satisfy an audit, a variety of penalties can be imposed including monetary damages and criminal and civil penalties. in addition, any or all of our government contracts could be terminated, we could be suspended or debarred from all government contract work, or payment of our costs could be disallowed. for example, in so-called "qui tam" actions brought by individuals or the government under the u.s. federal false claims act or under similar state and local laws, treble damages can be awarded. the occurrence of any of these actions could harm our reputation and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
many of our federal government contracts require us to have security clearances, which can be difficult and time consuming to obtain. if our employees are unable to obtain or retain the necessary securities clearances, our clients could terminate or not renew existing contracts or award us new contracts. to the extent this occurs, our operations and results of operations could be negatively impacted.
the contracts in our backlog may be adjusted, cancelled or suspended by our clients and, therefore, our backlog is not necessarily indicative of our future revenues or earnings. additionally, even if fully performed, our backlog is not a good indicator of our future gross margins.
as of the end of fiscal 2014, our backlog totaled approximately $18.4 billion. there is no assurance that backlog will actually be realized as revenues in the amounts reported or, if realized, will result in profits. in accordance with industry practice, substantially all of our contracts are subject to cancellation, termination, or suspension at the discretion of the client.
page 22
in addition, the contracts in our backlog are subject to changes in the scope of services to be provided as well as adjustments to the costs relating to the contracts. the revenue for certain contracts included in backlog are based on estimates. projects can remain in backlog for extended periods of time because of the nature of the project and the timing of the particular services required by the project. the risk of contracts in backlog being cancelled or suspended generally increases during periods of wide-spread economic slowdowns.
additionally, the way we perform on our individual contracts can affect greatly our gross margins and hence, future profitability. in some markets, there is a continuing trend towards cost-reimbursable contracts with incentive-fee arrangements. typically, our incentive fees are based on such things as achievement of target completion dates or target costs, overall safety performance, overall client satisfaction, and other performance criteria. if we fail to meet such targets or achieve the expected performance standards, we may receive a lower, or even zero, incentive fee resulting in lower gross margins. accordingly, there is no assurance that the contracts in backlog, assuming they produce the revenues currently expected, will generate gross margins at the rates we have realized in the past.
negative conditions in the credit and financial markets and delays in receiving client payments could result in liquidity problems.
although we finance much of our operations using cash provided by operations, at times we depend on the availability of credit to grow our business and to help fund business acquisitions. in addition, some of our clients depend on the availability of credit to help finance their capital projects. instability in the credit markets in the u.s. or abroad, could cause the availability of credit to be relatively difficult or expensive to obtain. this situation could make it more difficult or more expensive for us to access funds, refinance our existing indebtedness, enter into agreements for new indebtedness, or obtain funding through the issuance of securities or such additional capital may not be available on terms acceptable to us. we may also enter into business acquisition agreements that require us to access credit, which if not available at the closing of the acquisition could result in a breach of the acquisition agreement and a resulting claim for damages by the sellers of such business. in addition, market conditions could negatively impact our clients' ability to fund their projects and, therefore, utilize our services, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
in addition, we are subject to the risk that the counterparties to our credit agreements may go bankrupt if they suffer catastrophic demand on their liquidity that will prevent them from fulfilling their contractual obligations to us. we also routinely enter into contracts with counterparties including vendors, suppliers, and subcontractors that may be negatively impacted by events in the credit markets. if those counterparties are unable to perform their obligations to us or our clients, we may be required to provide additional services or make alternate arrangements on less favorable terms with other parties to ensure adequate performance and delivery of services to our clients. these circumstances could also lead to disputes and litigation with our partners or clients, which could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations.
in addition, we typically bill our clients for our services in arrears and are, therefore, subject to our clients delaying or failing to pay our invoices. in weak economic environments, we may experience increased delays and failures due to, among other reasons, a diminution in our clients' access to the credit markets. if one or more clients delays in paying or fail to pay us a significant amount of our outstanding receivables, it could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations.
furthermore, our cash balances and short-term investments are maintained in accounts held by major banks and financial institutions located primarily in north america, europe, south america, australia and asia. some of our accounts hold deposits in amounts that exceed available insurance. although none of the financial institutions in which we hold our cash and investments have gone into bankruptcy or forced receivership, or have been seized by their governments, there is a risk that this may occur in the future. if this were to occur, we would be at risk of not being able to access our cash which may result in a temporary liquidity crisis that could impede our ability to fund operations.
our use of joint ventures and partnerships exposes us to risks and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control.
as is common in the industry, we perform certain contracts as a member of joint ventures, partnerships, and similar arrangements. this situation exposes us to a number of risks, including the risk that our partners may be unable to fulfill their obligations to us or our clients. our partners may also be unable or unwilling to provide the required levels of financial support to the partnerships. if these circumstances occur, we may be required to pay financial penalties or liquidated damages, provide additional services, or make additional investments to ensure adequate performance and delivery of the contracted services. under agreements with joint and several liabilities, we could be liable for both our obligations and those of our partners. these page 23
circumstances could also lead to disputes and litigation with our partners or clients, all of which could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations.
we participate in joint ventures and similar arrangements in which we are not the controlling partner. in these cases, we have limited control over the actions of the joint venture. these joint ventures may not be subject to the same requirements regarding internal controls and internal control over financial reporting that we follow. to the extent the controlling partner makes decisions that negatively impact the joint venture or internal control problems arise within the joint venture, it could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
the failure by a joint venture partner to comply with applicable laws, regulations or client requirements could negatively impact our business and, for government clients, could result in fines, penalties, suspension or even debarment being imposed on us, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
we are dependent on third parties to complete many of our contracts.
much of the work performed under our contracts is performed by third-party subcontractors we hire. we also rely on third-party equipment manufacturers or suppliers to provide much of the equipment and materials used for projects. if we are unable to hire qualified subcontractors or find qualified equipment manufacturers or suppliers, our ability to successfully complete a project could be impaired. if we are not able to locate qualified third-party subcontractors or the amount we are required to pay for subcontractors or equipment and supplies exceeds what we have estimated, especially in a lump-sum or a fixed-price contract, we may suffer losses on these contracts. if a subcontractor, supplier, or manufacturer fails to provide services, supplies or equipment as required under a contract for any reason, we may be required to source these services, equipment or supplies to other third parties on a delayed basis or on less favorable terms, which could impact contract profitability. in the current economic environment, third parties may find it difficult to obtain sufficient financing to help fund their operations. the inability to obtain financing could adversely affect a third party's ability to provide materials, equipment or services which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. in addition, a failure by a third party subcontractor, supplier or manufacturer to comply with applicable laws, regulations or client requirements could negatively impact our business and, for government clients, could result in fines, penalties, suspension or even debarment being imposed on us, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
maintaining adequate bonding and letter of credit capacity is necessary for us to successfully bid on and win some contracts.
in line with industry practice, we are often required to provide performance or payment bonds to our customers. these bonds indemnify the customer should we fail to perform our obligations under the contract. if a bond is required for a particular project and we are unable to obtain an appropriate bond, we cannot pursue that project.
historically, we have had adequate bonding and letter of credit capacity but, as is typically the case, the issuance of a bond is at the surety's sole discretion and the issuance of a letter of credit is based on the company's credit worthiness. because of an overall lack of worldwide bonding capacity, we may find it difficult to find sureties who will provide required levels of bonding or such bonding may only be available at significant additional cost. there can be no assurance that our bonding capacity will continue to be available to us on reasonable terms. our inability to obtain adequate bonding and, as a result, to bid on new contracts that require such bonding could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
past and future environmental, heath, and safety laws could impose significant additional costs and liabilities.
we are subject to a variety of environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations governing, among other things, discharges to air and water, the handling, storage, and disposal of hazardous or waste materials and the remediation of contamination associated with the releases of hazardous substances and human health and safety. these laws and regulations and the risk of attendant litigation can cause significant delays to a project and add significantly to its cost. violations of these regulations could subject us and our management to civil and criminal penalties and other liabilities.
various u.s. federal, state, local, and foreign environmental laws and regulations may impose liability for property damage and costs of investigation and cleanup of hazardous or toxic substances on property currently or previously owned by us or arising out of our waste management or environmental remediation activities. these laws may impose responsibility and liability without regard to knowledge of or causation of the presence of contaminants. the liability under these laws is joint and several. we have potential liabilities associated with our past waste management and other activities and with our current page 24
and prior ownership of various properties. the discovery of additional contaminants or the imposition of unforeseen clean-up obligations at these or other sites could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
when we perform our services, our personnel and equipment may be exposed to radioactive and hazardous materials and conditions. we may be subject to liability claims by employees, customers, and third parties as a result of such exposures. in addition, we may be subject to fines, penalties or other liabilities arising under environmental or safety laws. a claim, if not covered by insurance, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
such laws, regulations and policies are reviewed periodically and any changes could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways. such changes could, for example, relax or repeal laws and regulations relating to the environment, which could result in a decline in the demand for our environmental services and, in turn, could negatively impact our revenue. our failure to comply with such laws or regulations, whether actual or alleged, could expose us to fines, penalties or potential litigation liabilities, including costs, settlements and judgments, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, we and many of our clients operate in highly regulated environments, which may require us or our clients to obtain, and to comply with, federal, state, and local government permits and approvals. any of these permits or approvals may be subject to denial, revocation or modification under various circumstances. failure to obtain or comply with, or the loss or modification of, the conditions of permits or approvals may subject us to penalties or other liabilities, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and result of operations.
if we fail to comply with federal, state, local or foreign governmental requirements, our business may be adversely affected.
we are subject to u.s. federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations that affect our business. for example, our global operations require importing and exporting goods and technology across international borders. although we have policies and procedures to comply with u.s. and foreign international trade laws, the violation of such laws could subject the company and its employees to civil or criminal penalties, including substantial monetary fines, or other adverse actions including denial of import or export privileges, and could damage our reputation and therefore, our ability to do business.
employee, agent or partner misconduct or our overall failure to comply with laws or regulations could weaken our ability to win contracts, which could result in reduced revenues and profits.
misconduct, fraud, non-compliance with applicable laws and regulations, or other improper activities by one of our employees, agents or partners could have a significant negative impact on our business and reputation. such misconduct could include the failure to comply with government procurement regulations, regulations regarding the protection of classified information, regulations prohibiting bribery and other corrupt practices, regulations regarding the pricing of labor and other costs in government contracts, regulations on lobbying or similar activities, regulations pertaining to the internal controls over financial reporting, environmental laws, and any other applicable laws or regulations. for example, we routinely provide services that may be highly sensitive or that relate to critical national security matters; if a security breach were to occur, our ability to procure future government contracts could be severely limited. the precautions we take to prevent and detect these activities may not be effective, and we could face unknown risks or losses. our failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations or acts of misconduct could subject us to fines and penalties, loss of security clearance, and suspension or debarment from contracting, which could weaken our ability to win contracts and result in reduced revenues and profits and could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
we could be adversely affected by violations of the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws.
the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act ("fcpa"), the u.k. bribery act of 2010, and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. our policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws. we operate in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. despite our training and compliance programs, there is no assurance that our internal control policies and procedures will protect us from acts committed by our employees or agents. if we are found to be liable for fcpa or other violations (either due to our own acts or our inadvertence, or due to the acts or inadvertence of others), we could suffer from civil and criminal penalties or other sanctions, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
page 25
the loss of or a significant reduction in business from one or a few customers could have an adverse impact on us.
a few clients have in the past and may in the future account for a significant portion of our revenue and/or backlog in any one year or over a period of several consecutive years. for example, in fiscal 2014, 2013, and fiscal 2012, approximately 17.8%, 19.9%, and 22.1%, respectively, of our revenue was earned directly or indirectly from agencies of the u.s. federal government. although we have long-standing relationships with many of our significant clients, our clients may unilaterally reduce, delay, or cancel their contracts at any time. our loss of or a significant reduction in business from a significant client could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
we engage in a highly competitive business. if we are unable to compete effectively, we could lose market share and our business and results of operations could be negatively impacted.
we face intense competition to provide technical, professional, and construction services to clients. the extent of such competition varies by industry, geographic market, and project type. for example, with respect to our construction and operations and maintenance services, clients generally award large projects to large contractors, which may give our larger competitors an advantage when bidding for these projects. conversely, with respect to our engineering, design, architectural, and consulting services, low barriers of entry can result in competition with smaller, newer competitors. if we are unable to compete effectively, we may experience a loss of market share or reduced profitability or both, which if significant, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
our larger competitors for engineering, construction, and maintenance services for process plants include bechtel, fluor, foster wheeler, kbr, technip, worleyparsons, cb&i, and amec. in the area of buildings, our competitors include several of the competitors previously mentioned as well as hdr, hok, aecom, and turner. in the area of infrastructure, our competitors include several of the competitors previously mentioned as well as parsons brinckerhoff, hntb, tetra tech, parsons, and w.s. atkins. in the area of national government programs, our principal competitors include several of the competitors listed above as well as leidos, ch2m hill, weston, lockheed martin, and computer sciences corporation.
in addition to the risks discussed elsewhere in risk factors, our international operations are also exposed to additional risks and uncertainties including unfavorable political developments and weak foreign economies.
for fiscal 2014, approximately 44.2% of our revenues was earned from clients outside the u.s. our business is dependent on the continued success of our international operations, and we expect our international operations to continue to account for a significant portion of our total revenues. our international operations are subject to a variety of risks, including:
•   recessions and other economic crises in other regions, such as europe, or specific foreign economies and the impact on our costs of doing business in those countries;
•   difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations, including logistical and communication challenges;
•   unexpected changes in foreign government policies and regulatory requirements;
•   lack of developed legal systems to enforce contractual rights;
•   renegotiation or nullification of our existing contracts;
•   the adoption of new, and the expansion of existing, trade or other restrictions;
•   embargoes;
•   acts of war, civil unrest, force majeure, and terrorism;
•   the ability to finance efficiently our foreign operations;
•   social, political, and economic instability;
•   expropriation of property;
•   tax increases;
•   limitations on the ability to repatriate foreign earnings; and
•   u.s. government policies.
the lack of a well-developed legal system in some of these countries may make it difficult to enforce our contractual rights. in addition, military action or continued unrest, particularly in the middle east, could impact the supply or pricing of oil, disrupt our operations in the region and elsewhere. to the extent our international operations are affected by unexpected or page 26
adverse economic, political and other conditions, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected.
we work in international locations where there are high security risks, which could result in harm to our employees or unanticipated cost.
some of our services are performed in high risk locations, where the country or location is subject to political, social or economic risks, or war or civil unrest. in those locations where we have employees or operations, we may expend significant efforts and incur substantial security costs to maintain the safety of our personnel. despite these activities, in these locations, we cannot guarantee the safety of our personnel and we may suffer future losses of employees and subcontractors.
foreign exchange risks may affect our ability to realize a profit from certain projects.
our reported financial condition and results of operations are exposed to the effects (both positive and negative) that fluctuating exchange rates have on the process of translating the financial statements of our international operations, which are denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar, into the u.s. dollar. while we generally attempt to denominate our contracts in the currencies of our expenditures, we do enter into contracts that expose us to currency risk, particularly to the extent contract revenue is denominated in a currency different than the contract costs. we attempt to minimize our exposure from currency risks by obtaining escalation provisions for projects in inflationary economies or entering into derivative (hedging) instruments, when there is currency risk exposure that is not naturally mitigated via our contracts. these actions, however, may not always eliminate currency risk exposure. based on fluctuations in currency, the u.s. dollar value of our backlog may from time to time increase or decrease significantly. we may also be exposed to limitations on our ability to reinvest earnings from operations in one country to fund the financing requirements of our operations in other countries.
our business strategy relies in part on acquisitions to sustain our growth. acquisitions of other companies present certain risks and uncertainties.
our business strategy involves growth through, among other things, the acquisition of other companies. acquiring companies presents a number of risks, including:
•   assumption of liabilities of an acquired business, including liabilities that were unknown at the time the acquisition was negotiated;
•   valuation methodologies may not accurately capture the value of the acquired business;
•   failure to realize anticipated benefits, such as cost savings and revenue enhancements;
•   difficulties relating to combining previously separate entities into a single, integrated, and efficient business;
•   the effects of diverting management's attention from day-to-day operations to matters involving the integration of acquired companies;
•   potentially substantial transaction costs associated with business combinations;
•   potential impairment resulting from the overpayment for an acquisition;
•   difficulties relating to assimilating the personnel, services, and systems of an acquired business and to assimilating marketing and other operational capabilities;
•   increased burdens on our staff and on our administrative, internal control and operating systems, which may hinder our legal and regulatory compliance activities; and
•   difficulties in applying and integrating our system of internal controls to an acquired business.
while we often obtain indemnification rights from the sellers of acquired businesses, such rights may be difficult to enforce, the losses may exceed any dedicated escrow funds, and the indemnitors may not have the ability to financially support the indemnity.
in addition, there is no assurance that we will continue to locate suitable acquisition targets or that we will be able to consummate any such transactions on terms and conditions acceptable to us. existing cash balances and cash flow from operations, together with borrowing capacity under our credit facilities, may be insufficient to make acquisitions credit market conditions may also make it more difficult and costly to finance acquisitions. acquisitions may also bring us into businesses we have not previously conducted and expose us to additional business risks that are different than those we have traditionally experienced.
page 27
in the event we issue stock as consideration for certain acquisitions we may make, we could dilute share ownership.
one method of acquiring companies or otherwise funding our corporate activities is through the issuance of additional equity securities. accordingly, we filed a shelf registration statement on form s-4 on december 7, 2007. if we issue additional equity securities pursuant to this shelf registration statement or otherwise, such issuances could have the effect of diluting our earnings per share as well as our existing shareholders' individual ownership percentages in the company.
our quarterly results may fluctuate significantly, which could have a material negative effect on the price of our common stock.
our quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly, which could have a material negative effect on the price of our common stock, because of a number of factors, including:
•   fluctuations in the spending patterns of our government and commercial customers;
•   the number and significance of projects executed during a quarter;
•   unanticipated changes in contract performance, particularly with contracts that have funding limits;
•   the timing of resolving change orders, requests for equitable adjustments, and other contract adjustments;
•   delays incurred in connection with a project;
•   changes in prices of commodities or other supplies;
•   weather conditions that delay work at project sites;
•   the timing of expenses incurred in connection with acquisitions or other corporate initiatives;
•   natural disasters or other crises;
•   staff levels and utilization rates;
•   changes in prices of services offered by our competitors; and
•   general economic and political conditions.
our actual results could differ from the estimates and assumptions used to prepare our financial statements.
in preparing our financial statements, our management is required under u.s. gaap to make estimates and assumptions as of the date of the financial statements. these estimates and assumptions affect the reported values of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. areas requiring significant estimates by our management include:
•   recognition of contract revenue, costs, profit or losses in applying the principles of percentage of completion accounting;
•   estimated amounts for expected project losses, warranty costs, contract close-out or other costs;
•   recognition of recoveries under contract change orders or claims;
•   collectability of billed and unbilled accounts receivable and the need and amount of any allowance for doubtful accounts;
•   the amount of reserves necessary for self-insured risks;
•   accruals for estimated liabilities, including litigation reserves;
•   valuation of assets acquired, and liabilities, goodwill, and intangible assets assumed, in acquisitions;
•   valuation of stock-based compensation; and
•   the determination of liabilities under pension and other post-retirement benefit programs.
our actual business and financial results could differ from our estimates of such results, which could have a material negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
an impairment charge of goodwill could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
under u.s. gaap, we are required to test goodwill carried in our consolidated balance sheets for possible impairment on an annual basis based upon a fair value approach. as of september 26, 2014, we had $3.0 billion of goodwill, representing 35.8% of our total assets of $8.5 billion. we have chosen to perform our annual impairment reviews of goodwill at page 28
the end of the third quarter of our fiscal year. we also are required to test goodwill for impairment between annual tests if events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce our enterprise fair value below its book value. these events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, including a significant sustained decline in a reporting unit's market value, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, sale or disposition of a significant portion of our business, potential government actions toward our facilities, and other factors.
if the fair value of our reporting units is less than their carrying value, we could be required to record an impairment charge. the amount of any impairment could be significant and could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations for the period in which the charge is taken. for a further discussion of goodwill impairment testing, please see item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations below.
we may be required to contribute additional cash to meet any underfunded benefit obligations associated with retirement and post-retirement benefit plans we manage.
we have various employee benefit plan obligations that require us to make contributions to satisfy, over time, our underfunded benefit obligations, which are generally determined by calculating the projected benefit obligations minus the fair value of plan assets. for example, as of september 26, 2014, and september 27, 2013, our defined benefit pension and post-retirement benefit plans were projected to be underfunded by $400.8 million and $402.5 million, respectively. see note 6-pension plans of notes to consolidated financial statements beginning on page f-1 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional disclosure. in the future, our benefit plan obligations may increase or decrease depending on changes in the levels of interest rates, pension plan asset performance and other factors. if we are required to contribute a significant amount of the deficit for underfunded benefit plans, our cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
rising inflation, interest rates, and/or construction costs could reduce the demand for our services as well as decrease our profit on our existing contracts, in particular with respect to our fixed-price contracts.
rising inflation, interest rates, or construction costs could reduce the demand for our services. in addition, we bear all of the risk of rising inflation with respect to those contracts that are fixed-price. because a significant portion of our revenues are earned from cost-reimbursable type contracts (approximately 83.0% during fiscal 2014), the effects of inflation on our financial condition and results of operations over the past few years have been generally minor. however, if we expand our business into markets and geographic areas where fixed-price and lump-sum work is more prevalent, inflation may have a larger impact on our results of operations in the future. therefore, increases in inflation, interest rates or construction costs could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
we may be affected by market or regulatory responses to climate change.
growing concerns about climate change may result in the imposition of additional environmental regulations. for example, there is a growing consensus that new and additional regulations may be enacted concerning, among other things, greenhouse gas emissions could result in increased compliance costs for us and our clients. legislation, international protocols, regulation or other restrictions on emissions could also affect our clients, including those who are involved in the exploration, production or refining of fossil fuels. such changes could increase the costs of projects for our clients or, in some cases, prevent a project from going forward, thereby potentially reducing the need for our services, which would in turn have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. however, these changes could also increase the pace of projects, such as carbon capture or storage projects, that could have a positive impact on our business. we cannot predict when or whether any of these various proposals may be enacted or what their effect will be on us or on our customers.
our effective tax rate may increase or decrease.
we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. in the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. we are regularly under audit by tax authorities. although we believe that our tax estimates and tax positions are reasonable, they could be materially affected by many factors including the final outcome of tax audits and related litigation, the introduction of new tax accounting standards, legislation, regulations, and related interpretations, our global mix of earnings, the realizability of deferred tax assets and changes in uncertain tax positions. an increase or decrease in our effective tax rate could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
page 29
systems and information technology interruption could adversely impact our ability to operate.
we rely heavily on computer, information, and communications technology and related systems in order to properly operate our business. from time to time, we experience occasional system interruptions and delays. in the event we are unable to regularly deploy software and hardware, effectively upgrade our systems and network infrastructure, and take other steps to maintain or improve the efficiency and efficacy of our systems, the operation of such systems could be interrupted or result in the loss, corruption, or release of data. in addition, our computer and communication systems and operations could be damaged or interrupted by natural disasters, telecommunications failures, acts of war or terrorism, computer viruses, physical or electronic security breaches, intentional or inadvertent user misuse or error, or similar events or disruptions. any of these or other events could cause interruptions, delays, loss of critical and/or sensitive data or similar effects, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, protection of intellectual property, and results of operations, as well as those of our clients.
we may not be able to protect our intellectual property or that of our clients.
our technology and intellectual property provide us, in many instances, with a competitive advantage. although we protect our property through patent registrations, license restrictions, and similar mechanisms, we may not be able to successfully preserve our rights and they could be invalidated, circumvented, challenged or become obsolete. in addition, the laws of some foreign countries in which we operate do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the u.s. if we are unable to protect and maintain our intellectual property rights or if there are any successful intellectual property challenges or infringement proceedings against us, our ability to differentiate our service offerings could be reduced. in addition, our clients or other third parties may also provide us with their technology and intellectual property. there is a risk we may not sufficiently protect our or their information from improper use or dissemination and, as a result, could be subject to claims and litigation and resulting liabilities, loss of contracts or other consequences that could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
our businesses could be materially and adversely affected by events outside of our control.
extraordinary or force majeure events beyond our control, such as natural or man-made disasters, could negatively impact our ability to operate. as an example, from time to time we face unexpected severe weather conditions which may result in weather-related delays that are not always reimbursable under a fixed-price contract; evacuation of personnel and curtailment of services; increased labor and material costs in areas resulting from weather-related damage and subsequent increased demand for labor and materials for repairing and rebuilding; inability to deliver materials, equipment and personnel to jobsites in accordance with contract schedules and loss of productivity. we may remain obligated to perform our services after any such natural or man-made event, unless a force majeure clause or other contractual provision provides us with relief from our contractual obligations. if we are not able to react quickly to such events, or if a high concentration of our projects are in a specific geographic region that suffers from a natural or man-made catastrophe, our operations may be significantly affected, which could have a negative impact on our operations. in addition, if we cannot complete our contracts on time, we may be subject to potential liability claims by our clients which may reduce our profits.
we are subject to professional standards, duties and statutory obligations on professional reports and opinions we issue, which could subject us to monetary damages.
we issue reports and opinions to clients based on our professional engineering expertise as well as our other professional credentials that subject us to professional standards, duties and obligations regulating the performance of our services. for example, we issue opinions and reports to government clients in connection with securities offerings. if a client or another third party alleges that our report or opinion is incorrect or it is improperly relied upon and we are held responsible, we could be subject to significant monetary damages.
delaware law and our charter documents may impede or discourage a takeover or change of control.
we are a delaware corporation. certain anti-takeover provisions of the delaware general corporation law impose restrictions on the ability of others to acquire control of us. in addition, certain provisions of our charter documents may impede or discourage a takeover. for example:
•   our board of directors is divided into three staggered classes (although our board of directors is currently being destaggered);
•   only our board of directors can fill vacancies on the board;
•   there are various restrictions on the ability of a shareholder to nominate a director for election; and page 30
•   our board of directors can authorize the issuance of preference shares.
these types of provisions, as well as our ability to adopt a shareholder rights agreement in the future, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us, even if the acquisition would be beneficial to our shareholders. accordingly, stockholders may be limited in the ability to obtain a premium for their shares.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations critical accounting policies in order to understand better the changes that occur to key elements of our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, a reader of this management's discussion and analysis ("md&a") should be aware of the critical accounting policies we apply in preparing our consolidated financial statements.
the consolidated financial statements contained in this report were prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. the preparation of our consolidated financial statements and the financial statements of any business performing long-term engineering and construction-type contracts requires management to make certain estimates and judgments that affect both the entity's results of operations and the carrying values of its assets and liabilities. although our significant accounting policies are described in note 2 - significant accounting policies of notes to consolidated financial statements beginning on page f-1 of this annual report on form 10-k, the following discussion is intended to highlight and describe those accounting policies that are especially critical to the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
revenue accounting for contracts and use of joint ventures-in general, we recognize revenues at the time we provide services. depending on the commercial terms of the contract, we recognize revenues either when costs are incurred, or using the percentage-of-completion method of accounting by relating contract costs incurred to date to the total estimated costs at completion. this method of revenue recognition requires us to prepare estimates of costs to complete contracts in progress as of the balance sheet dates. in making such estimates, judgments are required to evaluate the possible effects of variances in schedule; the costs of materials and labor; productivity; and the impact of change orders, claims, contract disputes, and achievement of contractual performance standards. many of our engineering and construction contracts provide for reimbursement of costs plus a fixed or percentage fee. for contracts containing incentive fee arrangements, fees are frequently based on achievement of target completion dates, target costs, and/or other performance criteria. failure to meet these targets or increases in contract costs can result in unrealized incentive fees or non-recoverable costs, which could exceed revenues recognized from the project.
we provide for contract losses in their entirety in the period they become known, without regard to the percentage of completion. for multiple contracts with a single customer we account for each contract separately.
the nature of our business sometimes results in clients, subcontractors or vendors presenting claims to us for recovery of costs they incurred in excess of what they expected to incur, or for which they believe they are not contractually responsible. in those situations where a claim against us may result in additional costs to the contract, we include in the total estimated costs of the contract (and therefore, the estimated amount of margin to be earned under the contract) an estimate, based on all relevant facts and circumstances available, of the additional costs to be incurred. similarly, and in the normal course of business, we may present claims to our clients for costs we have incurred for which we believe we are not contractually responsible. in those situations where we have presented such claims to our clients, we include in revenues the amount of costs incurred, without profit, to the extent it is probable that the claims will result in additional contract revenue, and the amount of such additional revenue can be reliably estimated. costs associated with unapproved change orders are included in revenues using substantially the same criteria used for claims.
certain cost-reimbursable contracts with government customers as well as certain commercial clients provide that contract costs are subject to audit and adjustment. in this situation, revenues are recorded at the time services are performed based upon the amounts we expect to realize upon completion of the contracts. in those situations where an audit indicates that we may have billed a client for costs that are not allowable under the terms of the contract, we estimate the amount of such nonbillable costs and adjust our revenues accordingly.
as is common to the industry, we execute certain contracts jointly with third parties through various forms of joint ventures and consortiums. although the joint ventures own and hold the contracts with the clients, the services required by the contracts are typically performed by us and our joint venture partners, or by other subcontractors under subcontracting agreements with the joint ventures. the assets of our joint ventures, therefore, consist almost entirely of cash and receivables (representing amounts due from clients), and the liabilities of our joint ventures consist almost entirely of amounts due to the joint venture partners (for services provided by the partners to the joint ventures under their individual subcontracts) and other subcontractors. in general, at any given time, the equity of our joint ventures represents the undistributed profits earned on contracts the joint ventures hold with clients. very few of our joint ventures have employees. none of our joint ventures have page 36
third-party debt or credit facilities. our joint ventures, therefore, are simply mechanisms used to deliver engineering and construction services to clients. rarely do they, in and of themselves, present any risk of loss to us or to our partners separate from those that we would carry if we were performing the contract on our own. under u.s. gaap, our share of losses associated with the contracts held by the joint ventures, if and when they occur, has always been reflected in our consolidated financial statements.
in evaluating the company's joint ventures (also referred to as "variable interest entities", or "vies") for accounting and consolidation purposes, we perform a qualitative analysis to determine whether or not the company has a "controlling financial interest" in the vie. the company is deemed to have a controlling financial interest in a vie if it has (i) the power to direct the activities of the vie that most significantly impact the vie's economic performance; and (ii) the right to receive benefits, or obligation to absorb losses, that could potentially be significant to the vie. in making our qualitative analysis, the company assesses each vie to determine those activities that most significantly impact the vie's economic performance and whether the company, another entity, or multiple entities have the power to direct those activities.
if we determine that we have the power to direct those activities of the vie that most significantly impact its financial performance and have the right or obligation to receive benefits or absorb losses that could potentially be significant to the vie, then we are the primary beneficiary of the vie and we consolidate the vie. if we determine that we do not have the power to direct the most significant activities of the vie or power is shared by two or more unrelated parties, then we are not the primary beneficiary and we do not consolidate the vie.
for the company's unconsolidated joint ventures, we use either the equity method of accounting or proportional consolidation. the company does not currently participate in any significant vies in which it has a controlling financial interest. there were no changes in facts and circumstances in the period that caused the company to reassess the method of accounting for its vies.
accounting for stock issued to employees and others- we measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the estimated grant-date fair value of the award. we estimate the fair value of stock options granted to employees and directors using the black-scholes option-pricing model. like all option-pricing models, the black-scholes model requires the use of highly subjective assumptions including (i) the expected volatility of the market price of the underlying stock, and (ii) the expected term of the award, among others. accordingly, changes in assumptions and any subsequent adjustments to those assumptions can cause drastically different fair values to be assigned to our stock option awards. for restricted stock units containing service and performance conditions with measures external to the company, compensation expense is based on the fair value of such units determined using monte carlo simulations. due to the uncertainties inherent in the use of assumptions and the results of applying monte carlo simulations, the amount of expense recorded in the accompanying consolidated financial statements may not be representative of the effects on our future consolidated financial statements because equity awards tend to vest over several years and additional equity awards may be made in the future.
accounting for pension plans- the accounting for pension plans requires the use of assumptions and estimates in order to calculate periodic pension cost and the value of the plans' assets and liabilities. these assumptions include discount rates, investment returns, and projected salary increases, among others. the actuarial assumptions used in determining the funded statuses of the plans are provided in note 6 - pension plans of notes to consolidated financial statements beginning on page f-1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
the expected rates of return on plan assets for fiscal 2015 range from 4.5% to 8.5% compared to 0.4% to 8.5% for the prior year. we believe the range of rates selected for fiscal 2015 reflects the long-term returns expected on the plans' assets, considering recent market conditions, projected rates of inflation, the diversification of the plans' assets, and the expected real rates of market returns. the discount rates used to compute plan liabilities were changed from a range of 0.4% to 9.3% in fiscal 2013 to a range of 1.8% to 8.8% in fiscal 2014. these assumptions represent the company's best estimate of the rates at which its pension obligations could be effectively settled.
changes in the actuarial assumptions often have a material effect on the values assigned to plan assets and liabilities, and the associated pension expense. for example, if the discount rate used to value the net pension benefit obligation ("pbo") at september 26, 2014, was higher (lower) by 0.5%, the pbo would have been lower (higher) at that date by approximately $92.0 million for non-u.s. plans, and by approximately $21.1 million for u.s. plans. if the expected return on plan assets was higher (lower) by 1.0%, the net periodic pension cost for fiscal 2015 would be lower (higher) by approximately $8.8 million for non-u.s. plans, and by approximately $3.8 million for u.s. plans. differences between actuarial assumptions and actual performance (i.e., actuarial gains and losses) that are not recognized as a component of net periodic pension cost in the period page 37
in which such differences arise are recorded to accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and are recognized as part of net periodic pension cost in future periods in accordance with u.s. gaap. management monitors trends in the marketplace within which our pension plans operate in an effort to assure the fairness of the actuarial assumptions used.
contractual guarantees, litigation, investigations, and insurance- in the normal course of business, we are subject to certain contractual guarantees and litigation. the guarantees to which we are a party generally relate to project schedules and plant performance. most of the litigation in which we are involved has us as a defendant in workers' compensation; personal injury; environmental; employment/labor; professional liability; and other similar lawsuits. we maintain insurance coverage for various aspects of our business and operations. we have elected, however, to retain a portion of losses that occur through the use of various deductibles, limits, and retentions under our insurance programs. this situation may subject us to some future liability for which we are only partially insured, or completely uninsured, and we intend to mitigate any such future liability by continuing to exercise prudent business judgment in negotiating the terms and conditions of our contracts.
in accordance with u.s. gaap, we record in our consolidated balance sheets amounts representing our estimated liability relating to such guarantees, litigation, and insurance claims. we include any adjustments to such liabilities in our consolidated results of operations.
in addition, as a contractor providing services to the u.s. federal government and several of its agencies, we are subject to many levels of audits, investigations, and claims by, or on behalf of, the u.s. federal government with respect to contract performance, pricing, costs, cost allocations, and procurement practices. we adjust revenues based upon the amounts we expect to realize considering the effects of any client audits or governmental investigations.
testing goodwill for possible impairment- the goodwill carried on our consolidated balance sheets is tested annually for possible impairment. in performing the annual impairment test, we evaluate our goodwill at the reporting unit level. we have determined that we have two reporting units, which are based on geography. we refer to these reporting units internally as "europe" and "non-europe". each of our reporting units conducts the business activities described elsewhere in this 2014 form 10-k, which includes providing professional technical services such as design, engineering, and architectural services; construction and/or construction management services; and operations and maintenance services.
our geography-based reporting units reflect the company's organizational structure, which is based predominately on geography, as well as our acquisition strategy, which favors acquisition targets that, among other things, provide access to new geographic areas. our reporting units represent rational groupings into which substantially all of our major acquisitions (which are responsible for the goodwill appearing in our consolidated balance sheets) have been assimilated, and where all of the operations under each reporting unit share in the benefits of the goodwill created by our acquisitions.
u.s. gaap does not prescribe a specific valuation method for estimating the fair value of reporting units. the valuation technique used to estimate the fair value of the reporting units requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including revenue growth rates, operating margins, discount rates and future market conditions, among others.
page 38
for fiscal years 2013 through 2014, we used both an income approach and a market approach to test our goodwill for possible impairment. such approaches require us to make estimates and judgments. under the income approach, fair value is determined by using the discounted cash flows of our reporting units. under the market approach, the fair value of our reporting units is determined by reference to guideline companies that are reasonably comparable to our reporting units; the fair values are estimated based on the valuation multiples of the invested capital associated with the guideline companies. in assessing whether there is an indication that the carrying value of goodwill has been impaired, we utilize the results of both valuation techniques and consider the range of fair values indicated. the fair values for each reporting unit exceeded the respective book values by over 40%. the key assumptions used to determine the fair value of our reporting units in our testing were:
income approach
2013 assumptions:
•company financial projections for fiscal years 2013 to 2016
•weighted average cost of capital of 11%
•residual period growth rate of 3%
2014 assumptions:
•company financial projections for fiscal years 2014 to 2018
•weighted average cost of capital of 11%
•residual period growth rate of 3%
market approach with respect to the market approach, for guideline publicly traded companies reasonably comparable to the company's reporting units, the company used multiples ranging from 6.3 to 8.0 of ebitda (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization) and 8.0 to 9.7 of ebit (earnings before interest and taxes), for the fiscal year 2013 test applied to the projected fiscal year 2013 financial results for each of our reporting units. the company used multiples ranging from 5.9 to 7.6 of ebitda and 7.6 to 10.0 of ebit, for the fiscal year 2014 test applied to the projected fiscal year 2014 financial results for each of our reporting units.
it is possible that changes in market conditions, economy, facts and circumstances, judgments, and assumptions used in estimating the fair value could change, resulting in possible impairment of goodwill in the future. the fair values resulting from the valuation techniques used are not necessarily representative of the values we might obtain in a sale of the reporting units to willing third parties.
the company performs the annual goodwill impairment test for the reporting units at the end of the third quarter of our fiscal year. the company will test goodwill for impairment between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. we have determined that the fair value of our reporting units substantially exceeded their respective carrying values for fiscal years 2014, 2013, and 2012.
based on the most recent results of our annual impairment tests, there were no indications of impairment of the goodwill shown in our consolidated balance sheets at either september 26, 2014, or september 27, 2013. furthermore, the company performed an interim impairment assessment at september 26, 2014, and concluded that it was not more likely than not that the fair value of either reporting unit had been reduced to an amount below its carrying amount.
page 39
fiscal 2014 - overview the 2014 restructuring during the third quarter of fiscal 2014, the company commenced a series of initiatives intended to improve operational efficiency, reduce costs, accelerate the integration of skm, and better position the company to drive growth of the business in the future. we are not exiting any geographic markets or service types, nor exiting any client end-markets as a result of the initiatives. actions completed during the third and fourth quarters of fiscal 2014 included involuntary terminations, the abandonment of certain leased offices, and the co-location of employees. included in the company's consolidated results of operations for fiscal 2014 are pre-tax costs of $93.3 million relating to the 2014 restructuring effort (the "2014 restructuring"). the costs of the 2014 restructuring are included in selling, general, and administrative expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings net of a $23.6 million reduction in bonus plan expense. the following table summarizes the effects of the 2014 restructuring on the company's consolidated results of operations for fiscal 2014 (in thousands, except for earnings (loss) per share):
year ended september 26, 2014
without 2014 restructuring       effects of 2014 restructuring                   u.s. gaap consolidated pre-tax earnings (loss)              $635,496                  $(93,330            )                      $542,166
tax (expense) benefit                             (206,003          )       15,949                                     (190,054     )
net earnings of the group                          429,493                  (77,381             )                       352,112
non-controlling interests                          (24,004          )       -                                           (24,004     )
net earnings of jacobs                            $405,489                  $(77,381            )                      $328,108
diluted earnings (loss) per share                    $3.06                  $(0.58              )                         $2.48
the company does not expect to incur any costs for the 2014 restructuring in fiscal 2015.
the fiscal 2014 acquisition of sinclair knight merz on december 13, 2013, the company acquired all of the outstanding equity interests in sinclair knight merz management pty limited and sinclair knight merz holdings limited (collectively, "skm"), a provider of engineering, design, procurement, construction and project management services for approximately $1.2 billion in cash. skm's results of operations have been included in the company's consolidated results of operations since the date of acquisition. the following table presents skm's results of operations included in the company's consolidated results of operations for fiscal 2014 (in thousands, except per share amounts):
2014
skm revenues                              $765,152
net earnings attributable to jacobs:
before 2014 restructuring                  $24,551
after 2014 restructuring                   $10,156
basic and diluted eps:
before 2014 restructuring                    $0.19
after 2014 restructuring                     $0.08
additional information related to the skm acquisition can be found in note 2-significant accounting policies- business combinations of notes to consolidated financial statements beginning on page f-1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
page 40
other 2014 events in addition to the 2014 restructuring and the acquisition of skm, the company's consolidated results of operations for fiscal 2014 were affected by the following discrete events:
•$6.8 million, or $0.05 per diluted share, increase to net earnings due to the favorable resolution of an international tax matter in the first quarter of fiscal 2014; as a result of these events, approximately $4.1 million of accrued interest expense was reversed;
•$6.4 million, or $0.05 per diluted share, increase to net earnings related to a gain on the sale of certain intellectual property in the second quarter of fiscal 2014;
•$22.7 million, or $0.18 per diluted share, decrease to net earnings relating to certain specific operational events at skm and skm transaction-related costs and expenses incurred during the first half of the fiscal year;
•$22.3 million, or $0.16 per diluted share, decrease to net earnings due to lower margins associated with certain projects in europe combined with unusual weather effects in the second quarter of fiscal 2014; and,
2014 overview the company's net earnings decreased $95.0 million, or 22.5%, from $423.1 million for fiscal 2013 to $328.1 million for fiscal 2014. in addition to the effects of the 2014 restructuring and the acquisition of skm, the company's consolidated results of operations for fiscal 2014 were affected by the other 2014 events described above.
above we disclose and discuss our results of operations before the effects of the 2014 restructuring or the other transactions and events described above. although such information is non-gaap in nature, it is presented because management believes it provides additional context for investors to better understand the company's operating results to investors to assess the company's performance and operating trends.
backlog at september 26, 2014, increased $1.2 billion, or 6.7%, to $18.4 billion. the increase for the year due primarily to the acquisitions of skm and fns, combined with new awards from clients operating in the refining-downstream, infrastructure, and chemicals and polymers industry groups and markets, among others.
results of operations general our business focuses exclusively on providing technical professional services and field services to a large number of industrial, commercial, and governmental clients around the world. the services we provide generally fall into four broad categories:
•   project services (including engineering, design, architecture, interiors, planning, environmental, and similar services);
•   process, scientific, and systems consulting services (including services performed in connection with scientific testing, analysis, and consulting activities, as well as information technology and systems engineering and integration activities);
•   construction services (encompassing traditional field construction services as well as modular construction activities, direct hire construction, and construction management services); and
•   operations and maintenance services (including services performed in connection with operating large, complex facilities on behalf of clients, as well as services involving process plant and facilities maintenance).
the scope of services we can provide our clients, therefore, ranges from consulting and conceptual design services (which are often required by clients in the very early stages of a project) to complete single-responsibility, design-build contracts, to services required in the post start-up phases of a project such as o&m services.
page 41
the following table sets forth our revenues by type of service for each of the last three fiscal years (in thousands):
2014                    2013                    2012
technical professional services revenues:
project services                      $6,576,004              $5,977,917              $5,693,419
process, scientific, and                 758,957                 705,694                 772,031
systems consulting total technical professional           7,334,961               6,683,611               6,465,450
services revenues field services revenues:
construction                           4,138,729               3,825,878               3,145,311
operations and maintenance             1,221,467               1,308,887               1,283,017
("o&amp;m")
total field services                   5,360,196               5,134,765               4,428,328
revenues
$12,695,157             $11,818,376             $10,893,778
project services revenues for the year ended september 26, 2014, increased $598.1 million, or 10.0%, from the corresponding period last year. the increase was due primarily to revenues attributable to skm. also contributing to the increases were higher levels of activity in several of industry groups and markets we serve, including buildings, chemicals and polymers, and refining-downstream.
whereas construction revenues for the year ended september 26, 2014, increased $312.9 million, or 8.2%, from the corresponding period last year, revenues from process, scientific, and systems consulting and o&m services for fiscal 2014 were relatively unchanged from the prior year. the increase in construction revenues during fiscal 2014 as compared to last year was due primarily to projects for customers operating in the chemicals and polymers market and the mining and minerals industries in the u.s.
we focus our services on clients operating in select industry groups and markets. we believe these industry groups and markets have sufficient common needs to permit cross-utilization of our resources. the following table sets forth our revenues by these industry groups and markets for each of the last three fiscal years (in thousands):
2014                    2013                    2012
chemicals and polymers                     $2,985,352              $2,391,144              $1,704,723
national government programs                2,282,116               2,284,533               2,272,611
refining - downstream                       2,239,343               2,337,387               2,379,750
infrastructure                              1,361,574               1,015,864               1,085,649
mining &amp; minerals                         918,608                 712,320                 550,134
oil &amp; gas - upstream                      863,344                 915,478                 790,546
buildings                                     834,122                 738,404                 843,938
industrial and other                          758,036                 899,756                 690,124
pharmaceuticals and biotechnology             452,662                 523,490                 576,303
$12,695,157             $11,818,376             $10,893,778
revenues increased $876.8 million, or 7.4%, from $11.8 billion for fiscal 2013 to $12.7 billion for fiscal 2014.
revenues from clients operating in the chemicals and polymers industries increased $594.2 million, or 24.9%, from $2.4 billion for fiscal 2013 to $3.0 billion for fiscal 2014. this increase occurred throughout many of the geographic locations in which we operate. we continue to receive new awards for feed (front-end engineering design) and pre-feed services. we have long-term relationships with numerous chemical companies around the world, and we believe this industry group will provide strong growth opportunities long-term. we see particularly strong growth potential in north america and the middle east due to the growing source of available feedstock. leveraging our geographic presence as strengthened by the skm page 42
transaction, we were recently awarded a significant professional services contract for what will be the largest chlorine dioxide plant in the world, located in asia. although we see good growth opportunities for this element of our business, particularly as they relate to methanol, derivatives, and other projects, we continue to see owners take a measured approach to releasing succeeding phases of their capital projects.
revenues from clients operating in the infrastructure market increased $345.7 million, or 34.0%, from $1.0 billion for fiscal 2013 to $1.4 billion for fiscal 2014. skm contributed approximately 50.0% of the increase, with the u.k. and u.s. legacy operations contributing to the remainder of the increase. we see this market as strong, particularly in several of the sub-markets within this industry group, particularly for transportation and water projects. one example is the asset management programme (amp6) cycle in the u.k., where we believe the company is well positioned to assist clients improve their relative efficiency and wastewater effluent quality. we also see increasing momentum behind transportation infrastructure projects in many of the geographies in which we operate. also included in this revenue category is our growing services to customers operating in the telecommunications industry. long-term, we see this market as attracting significant capital as countries around the world strive to improve and expand their wireless communications capabilities.
revenues from clients operating in the buildings market increased $95.7 million, or 13.0%, from $738.4 million for fiscal 2013 to $834.1 million for fiscal 2014. although skm was responsible for most of this increase, the company saw growth in our u.s. and middle east markets. we also see growth potential in parts of north africa where we believe we are well portioned to capitalize on buildings projects with high technical content (e.g., health care, aviation, and education). we view the buildings market as improving as our business continues to shift towards projects for clients in the private sector.
revenues from clients operating in the mining and minerals markets increased $206.3 million, or 29.0%, from $712.3 million for fiscal 2013 to $918.6 million for fiscal 2014. the increased revenues in 2014 was due primarily to skm. globally, our clients in these industries continue to behave conservatively when it comes to new spend. in addition, although we believe consolidation among companies in this industry will provide more stable capital spending in the long-term, such actions may have significant impacts in the short-term. nevertheless, we believe we will be able to capture additional market share from clients operating in these industries by continuing to focus on asset optimization and sustaining capital projects (small-cap projects and maintenance-driven work) for our clients. in addition, we expect the skm acquisition to expand our capabilities beyond non-ferrous metals to iron ore and coal and to bring together our existing hydro-metallurgy and concentrator skills with skm's strength in materials handling and infrastructure.
revenues from clients operating in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology markets decreased $70.8 million, or 13.5%, from $523.5 million for fiscal 2013 to $452.7 million for fiscal 2014. the decrease in revenues were due primarily to the normal wind-down and completion of projects, including work on several vaccine plants located in north america. although revenues from clients operating in these industries have declined over the preceding three fiscal years, we have seen a recent increase in new project awards, as well as indications from certain clients of increasing captial investment. we continue to view these industries as improving with prospects in the area of biotechnology-based drug development, principally in north america, and secondary manufacturing expansion, primarily in india and asia.
the industrial and other category includes projects for clients operating in the pulp & paper, high-technology manufacturing, power, and food, beverage & consumer products industries. revenues in this category decreased $141.7 million, or 15.8%, from $899.8 million for fiscal 2013 to $758.0 million for fiscal 2014. the decrease in industrial and other revenues were due primarily to decreased activity in the pulp & paper market in the u.s. and the high-technology manufacturing market in ireland.
direct costs of contracts increased $645.3 million, or 6.5%, from $9.98 billion during fiscal 2013 to $10.62 billion during fiscal 2014. direct costs of contracts include all costs incurred in connection with and directly for the benefit of client contracts, including depreciation and amortization relating to assets used in connection with providing the services required by client projects. the level of direct costs of contracts may fluctuate between reporting periods due to a variety of factors including the amount of pass-through costs we incur during a period. on those projects where we are responsible for subcontract labor or third-party materials and equipment, we reflect the amounts of such items in both revenues and costs (and we refer to such costs as "pass-through costs"). on other projects, where the client elects to pay for such items directly and we have no associated responsibility for such items, these amounts are not considered pass-through costs and are, therefore, not reflected in either revenues or costs. to the extent that we incur a significant amount of pass-through costs in a period, our direct cost of contracts are likely to increase as well.
pass-through costs increased $330.0 million, or 12.6%, from $2.62 billion during fiscal 2013 to $2.95 billion for fiscal 2014. in general, pass-through costs are more significant on projects that have a higher content of field services activities. pass-
page 43
through costs are generally incurred at a specific point in the lifecycle of a project and are highly dependent on the needs of our individual clients and the nature of the clients' projects. however, because we have hundreds of projects which start at various times within a fiscal year, the effect of pass-through costs on the level of direct costs of contracts can vary between fiscal years without there being a fundamental or significant change to the underlying business.
as a percentage of revenues, direct costs of contracts were 83.7% for fiscal 2014, compared to 84.4% for fiscal 2013. the relationship between direct costs of contracts and revenues will fluctuate between reporting periods depending on a variety of factors including the mix of business during the reporting periods being compared as well as the level of margins earned from the various types of services provided. generally speaking, the more procurement we do on behalf of our clients (i.e., where we purchase equipment and materials for use on projects, and/or procure subcontracts in connection with projects) and the more field services revenues we have relative to technical, professional services revenues, the higher the ratio will be of direct costs of contracts to revenues. because revenues from pass-through costs typically have lower margin rates associated with them, it is not unusual for us to experience an increase or decrease in such revenues without experiencing a corresponding increase or decrease in our gross margins and operating profit. the ratio of direct costs of contracts to revenues over the prior year period decreased, primarily as a result of higher margins in both professional technical services and field services activities and the acquisition of skm.
selling, general, and administrative ("sg&a") expenses for fiscal 2014 increased by $372.4 million, or 31.7%, to $1.55 billion, compared to $1.17 billion for fiscal 2013. the increase in sg&a expenses reflects the effects of the 2014 restructuring discussed above as well as the results of operations of skm. also included in sg&a expenses for the current fiscal year are transaction-related expenses incurred in connection with the skm acquisition of $9.2 million. also included in sg&a expenses for fiscal 2014 are due diligence and other transaction-related costs incurred in connection with other mergers and acquisition activity.
net interest expense for fiscal 2014 decreased $5.8 million to $1.7 million from $7.5 million in fiscal 2013. the decrease is related to the reassessment during fiscal 2014 of a tax matter involving one of our international subsidiaries which resulted in the reversal of $8.1 million of accrued interest, offset in part by the net impacts of the skm acquisition.
the company's consolidated effective income tax rate was 35.1% for fiscal 2014, compared to 33.5% in fiscal 2013. contributing to the increase as compared to the prior year was the effect of the 2014 restructuring. also contributing to the higher effective tax rate is the stamp duty paid in the first quarter of fiscal 2014 related to the skm acquisition.
fiscal 2013 compared to fiscal 2012
we recorded net earnings of $423.1 million, or $3.23 per diluted share, for the fiscal year ended september 27, 2013, compared to $379.0 million, or $2.94 per diluted share for the fiscal year ended september 28, 2012.
revenues increased $924.6 million, or 8.5%, from $10.9 billion for fiscal 2012 to $11.8 billion for fiscal 2013.
revenues from clients operating in the chemicals and polymers industries increased $686.4 million, or 40.3%, from $1.7 billion for fiscal 2012 to $2.4 billion for fiscal 2013. the effect of shale gas projects and the low price of natural gas influenced activity in the chemicals market in fiscal 2013. furthermore, our clients were looking at various options to monetize natural gas. this increased activity occurred primarily in the u.s. and the u.k. along with smaller increases in the middle east and asia.
revenues from clients operating in the refining-downstream market decreased $42.4 million, or 1.8%, from $2.38 billion for fiscal 2012 to $2.34 billion for fiscal 2013. included in revenues for fiscal 2012 were a significant amount of pass-through costs for a large u.s. based project that was winding down during fiscal 2012. notwithstanding these decreases, we had strong sales in this market during fiscal 2013. several downstream companies have announced large capital projects and the industry is beginning to focus on compliance with the epa tier 3 ultra low sulfur gasoline regulations where we believe we are well positioned to support our clients with the required facility modifications.
national government programs revenues for fiscal 2013 remained relatively flat compared to fiscal 2012. uncertainties over u.s. government budget issues and ongoing sequestration concerns remained a primary driver limiting our growth in this market. these actions had little effect on the company's projects in backlog in this market during fiscal 2013. we believe that sequestration slowed the release of new project opportunities in this market. nevertheless, we had significant aerospace and defense awards in this market during fiscal 2013. in addition, certain changes in government contracting in the u.s. helped to stabilize this area of our business. we saw an increasing volume of work released by u.s. government agencies in the form of page 44
multiple award task order contracts ("matoc"). these types of awards allow the company to bid on, and participate in, more government sites than large, single-award contracts.
revenues from clients operating in the infrastructure market decreased $69.8 million, or 6.4%, from $1.09 billion for fiscal 2012 to $1.02 billion for fiscal 2013. we had significant wins in the u.s. market in fiscal 2013. the partial u.s. federal government shutdown added some uncertainty to our u.s. infrastructure market, though we experienced little short-term disruption.
revenues from clients operating in the oil and gas-upstream market increased $124.9 million, or 15.8%, from $790.5 million for fiscal 2012 to $915.5 million for fiscal 2013. these increases were primarily a result of improvement in the canadian oil and gas business, particularly in field services. we saw more opportunities in the middle east, including unconventional gas development programs and large pipeline feed projects. onshore development and production in the u.s. continued to be strong. the australian market was being driven by the development of liquefied natural gas export projects.
revenues from clients operating in the buildings market decreased $105.5 million, or 12.5%, from $844.0 million for fiscal 2012 to $738.4 million for fiscal 2013. the state of the u.s. economy impacted this market. our buildings business continued to shift towards projects for clients in the private sector. opportunities in the private sector business came from mission critical, education, healthcare, aviation, and corporate and commercial programs and projects.
revenues from clients operating in the mining and minerals market increased $162.2 million, or 29.5%, from $550.1 million for fiscal 2012 to $712.3 million for fiscal 2013. generally, our clients in this market were affected negatively by a general slowdown in the rate of growth in the chinese economy; falling spot prices for iron ore, coking, and thermal coal; and weaker commodity prices - albeit these declines occurred from prices that were generally high from a historical perspective. these trends resulted in clients reducing their capital spending in the mining and minerals market. despite this cooling market, we were able to capture additional market share during fiscal 2013. the increase in revenues in this market in fiscal 2013 as compared to fiscal 2012 was primarily from projects based out of the u.s.
revenues from clients operating in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology markets decreased $52.8 million, or 9.2%, from $576.3 million for fiscal 2012 to $523.5 million for fiscal 2013. though several of our customers delayed projects, this market was fairly stable for us in fiscal 2013.
revenues from clients operating in the industrial and other markets increased $209.6 million, or 30.4%, from $690.1 million for fiscal 2012 to $899.8 million for fiscal 2013. the increases in industrial and other revenues were due primarily to increased activity in the pulp & paper market in the u.s. and the high-technology manufacturing market in ireland.
direct costs of contracts increased $809.3 million, or 8.8%, from $9.17 billion during fiscal 2012 to $9.98 billion during fiscal 2013. pass-through costs increased $296.4 million, or 12.7%, from $2.33 billion during fiscal 2012 to $2.62 billion for fiscal 2013.
as a percentage of revenues, direct costs of contracts were 84.4% for fiscal 2013, compared to 84.1% for fiscal 2012. the increase in the ratio of direct costs of contracts to revenues in fiscal 2013 as compared to fiscal 2012 was due primarily to a slight decrease in margins for our professional services offset by improved margins for our field services.
sg&a expenses for fiscal 2013 increased by $42.4 million, or 3.8%, to $1.17 billion, compared to $1.13 billion for fiscal 2012. the increase in sg&a is primarily reflective of the company's increased business activity when compared to fiscal 2012. as a percentage of revenues, sg&a costs declined for fiscal 2013 as compared to fiscal 2012.
interest expense for fiscal 2013 increased $1.2 million to $12.9 million from $11.7 million in fiscal 2012. interest expense in both fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012 was due primarily to the debt incurred in connection with the acquisition of the aker entities. the increase in interest expense in fiscal 2013 when compared to fiscal 2012 is related primarily to the accrual of interest related to a potential tax liability from an acquisition completed in fiscal 2012.
the company's consolidated effective income tax rate was 33.5% for fiscal 2013, compared to 34.1% in fiscal 2012. the company's lower effective income tax rate in fiscal 2013 when compared to the corresponding period in fiscal 2012 was due primarily to an increase in income attributable to noncontrolling interests.
page 45
contractual obligations the following table sets forth certain information about our contractual obligations as of september 26, 2014 (in thousands):
payments due by fiscal period total          1 yearor less              2 - 3years              4 - 5years            more than 5years debt obligations                                                      $800,807             $36,732                                                                   $764,075
operating leases (a)                                                 1,095,323             230,866                  329,172                 226,395                   308,890
obligations under defined benefit pension plans (b)                    407,264              42,079                   89,275                  96,560                   179,350
obligations under nonqualified deferred compensation plans (c)         133,112              11,400                   24,186                  26,160                    71,366
purchase obligations (d)                                             1,516,229           1,516,229
interest (e)                                                            31,295               9,594                   17,361                   4,340
total                                                               $3,984,030          $1,846,900                 $459,994                $353,455                $1,323,681
(a)   assumes the company will make the end of lease term residual value guarantee payment of $38.8 million in 2015 with respect to the lease of an office building in houston, texas. please refer to note 10-commitments and contingencies, and derivative financial instruments of notes to consolidated financial statements beginning on page f-1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
(b)   assumes that future contributions will be consistent with amounts projected to be contributed in fiscal 2015, allowing for certain growth based on rates of inflation and salary increases, but limited to the amount recorded as of september 26, 2014. actual contributions will depend on a variety of factors, including amounts required by local laws and regulations, and other funding requirements.
(c)   assumes that future payments will be consistent with amounts paid in fiscal 2014, allowing for certain growth. due to the nonqualified nature of the plans, and the fact that benefits are based in part on years of service, the payments included in the schedule were limited to the amount recorded as of september 26, 2014.
(d)   represents those liabilities estimated to be under firm contractual commitments as of september 26, 2014; primarily accounts payable and accrued payroll.
(e)   determined based on borrowings outstanding at the end of fiscal 2014 using the interest rates in effect at that time and, for our outstanding long term debt, concluding with the expiration date of the 2014 facility, as defined below.
page 46
backlog backlog represents the total dollar amount of revenues we expect to record in the future as a result of performing work under contracts that have been awarded to us. with respect to o&m contracts, however, we include in backlog the amount of revenues we expect to receive for only one succeeding year, regardless of the remaining life of the contract. for national government programs (other than u.s. federal o&m contracts), our policy is to include in backlog the full contract award, whether funded or unfunded, excluding option periods.
the following table summarizes our backlog for each of the last three fiscal years (in millions):
2014                  2013                  2012
technical professional services         $12,607.0             $11,118.4             $10,266.5
field services                            5,773.0               6,099.5               5,643.2
total                                   $18,380.0             $17,217.9             $15,909.7
the entire value of contract awards are added to backlog when the contracts are awarded to us. accordingly, backlog can fluctuate from one reporting period to the next due to the timing of when new contracts are added to backlog and when the contract revenue is recognized in our consolidated financial statements. many of our contracts require us to provide services that span over a number of fiscal quarters (and sometimes over fiscal years). our backlog at september 26, 2014 increased by $1.2 billion, or 6.7%, to $18.4 billion from $17.2 billion at september 27, 2013. the increase in backlog from september 27, 2013 to september 26, 2014 was due primarily to the acquisitions of skm and fns, combined with new awards from clients operating in the refining-downstream, infrastructure, and chemicals and polymers industry groups and markets, among others.
in accordance with industry practice, substantially all of our contracts are subject to cancellation or termination at the discretion of the client. in a situation where a client terminates a contract, we would ordinarily be entitled to receive payment for work performed up to the date of termination and, in certain instances, we may be entitled to allowable termination and cancellation costs. there were no significant project cancellations in fiscal 2014.
while management uses all information available to it to determine backlog, our backlog at any given time is subject to changes in the scope of services to be provided as well as increases or decreases in costs relating to the contracts included therein. accordingly, backlog is not necessarily a reliable indicator of future revenues.
backlog relating to work to be performed either directly or indirectly for the u.s. federal government and its agencies totaled approximately $4.8 billion (or 26.1% of total backlog), $4.1 billion (or 23.9% of total backlog), and $3.6 billion (or 22.9% of total backlog) at september 26, 2014, september 27, 2013, and september 28, 2012, respectively. most of our federal contracts require that services be provided beyond one year. in general, these contracts must be funded annually (i.e., the amounts to be spent under the contract must be appropriated by the u.s. congress to the procuring agency, and then the agency must allot these sums to the specific contracts).
subject to the factors discussed in item 1a-risk factors, above, we estimate that approximately 9.1 billion, or 49.3%, of total backlog at september 26, 2014 will be realized as revenues within the next fiscal year.
effects of inflation the effects of inflation on our business is discussed in item 1a-risk factors, and is incorporated herein by reference.
liquidity and capital resources at september 26, 2014, our primary sources of liquidity consisted of $0.7 billion of cash and cash equivalents and $0.8 billion of available borrowing capacity under our $1.60 billion revolving credit facility (the "2014 facility"). additional information regarding the 2014 facility is set forth in note 5 - borrowings in notes to consolidated financial statements beginning on page f-1 of this annual report on form 10-k. we finance as much of our operations and growth as possible through cash generated by our operations.
during fiscal 2014, our cash and cash equivalents decreased by $0.5 billion from $1.26 billion at september 27, 2013 to $0.7 billion at september 26, 2014. this compares to a net increase in cash and cash equivalents of $223.9 million during the corresponding period last year. during fiscal 2014, we experienced net cash inflows of $721.7 million from operating activities page 47
and $304.9 million from financing activities. these cash inflows were offset by cash outflows of $1,518.8 million from investing activities and $31.6 million from the effects of exchange rate changes.
operations provided net cash of $721.7 million during fiscal 2014. this compares to net cash inflows of $448.5 million and $299.8 million during fiscal 2013 and 2012, respectively. the $273.2 million increase in cash provided by operations in fiscal 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013 was due primarily to a $327.5 million favorable change in the company's working capital accounts partially offset by a $88.1 million decrease in net earnings attributable to the group and a $28.5 million change related to the company's defined benefit pension plans.
because such a high percentage of our revenues are earned on cost-plus type contracts, and due to the significance of revenues relating to pass-through costs, most of the costs we incur are included in invoices we send to clients. although we continually monitor our accounts receivable, we manage the operating cash flows of the company by managing the working capital accounts in total, rather than by the individual elements. the primary elements of the company's working capital accounts are accounts receivable, accounts payable, and billings in excess of cost. accounts payable consists of obligations to third parties relating primarily to costs incurred for projects which are generally billable to clients. accounts receivable consist of billings to our clients - a substantial portion of which is for project-related costs. billings in excess of cost consist of billings to and payments from our clients for costs yet to be incurred.
this relationship between revenues and costs, and between receivables and payables is unique to our industry, and facilitates review of our liquidity at the total working capital level. the changes in cash flows relating to our working capital accounts were due simply to the timing of cash receipts and payments within our working capital accounts and is not indicative of any known trend or fundamental change to the underlying business. we still continue to experience delays in certain payments and have seen an increase in the length of payment terms with certain customers. we believe that this situation does not present a significant risk to the company's cash flows. we believe the risk of not collecting substantially all of the company's outstanding receivables is remote. though the company provides services in a number of countries outside the u.s., we believe our credit risk is not significant. our private sector customers are comprised principally of large, well known, and well established multi-national companies. our government customers are comprised of national, state, and local agencies located principally in the u.s. and the u.k. we have not historically experienced significant collection issues with either of our governmental or non-governmental customers.
we used $1.5 billion of cash and cash equivalents for investing activities during fiscal 2014. this compares to $157.1 million and $181.1 million during fiscal 2013 and 2012, respectively. this increase was primarily the result of the company's acquisition of skm for $1.2 billion ($1.1 billion net of cash acquired) in fiscal 2014 and compares to minimal acquisition activity in fiscal 2013 and 2012.
additions to property and equipment totaled $132.1 million, $127.3 million, and $102.6 million for fiscal years 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. included in fiscal 2014 and 2013 activity are significant expenditures for leasehold improvements relating primarily to the consolidation of certain office space, expansion of office space and relocations of certain office space, all occurring in a number of locations.
our financing activities resulted in net cash inflows of $304.9 million during 2014 as compared to net cash outflows of $59.7 million and $2.7 million during fiscal 2014 and 2013, respectively. in connection with our acquisition of skm, we borrowed $600.0 million under our prior facility (the "2012 facility"). see note 5 - borrowings in notes to consolidated financial statements beginning on page f-1 of this annual report on form 10-k. amounts borrowed to complete the skm acquisition that were still outstanding on the date we closed the 2014 facility were paid-off and re-borrowed under the 2014 facility. on august 19, 2014, the board of directors approved a program to repurchase up to $500 million of the company's common stock over the next three years. under the program's terms, shares may be repurchased from time to time at the our discretion on the open market, through block trades or otherwise. the timing of our share repurchases will depend upon market conditions, other uses of capital and other factors.
the company had $0.7 billion of cash and short term equivalents at september 26, 2014. of this amount, approximately $263.3 million was held in the u.s. and $469.3 million was held outside of the u.s., primarily in canada, the u.k., and the eurozone. other than the tax cost of repatriating funds held outside the u.s. to the u.s. (see note 9-income taxes of notes to consolidated financial statements beginning on page f-1 of this annual report on form 10-k), there are no impediments to repatriating these funds to the u.s.
the total amount utilized under the 2014 facility at september 26, 2014 was $766.9 million ($764.1 million in the form of direct borrowings and $2.8 million utilized in the form of letters of credit). please refer to note 5-borrowings of page 48
notes to consolidated financial statements beginning on page f-1 of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information regarding the 2012 facility and the 2014 facility.
we believe we have adequate liquidity and capital resources to fund our operations, support our acquisition strategy, and service our debt for the next twelve months. we had $0.7 billion in cash and cash equivalents at september 26, 2014, compared to $1.26 billion at september 27, 2013. our consolidated working capital position at september 26, 2014 was $1.5 billion; a decrease of $609.7 million from september 27, 2013.
additionally, there was $0.8 billion of borrowing capacity available at september 26, 2014 under the 2014 facility. we believe that the remaining capacity, terms and conditions of our revolving credit facility, combined with cash on-hand and the other committed and uncommitted facilities we have in place, are adequate for our working capital and general business requirements.
the company had $315.4 million of letters of credit outstanding at september 26, 2014. of this amount, $2.8 million were issued under the 2014 facility and $312.6 million were issued under separate, committed and uncommitted letter-of-credit facilities.
off-balance sheet arrangements we are party to financial instruments with off-balance sheet risk in the form of guarantees not reflected in our balance sheet that arise in the normal course of business. however, such off-balance sheet arrangements are not reasonably likely to have an effect on our financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or resources that is material to investors. see note 10 - commitments and contingencies, and derivative financial instruments of notes to consolidated financial statements beginning on page f-1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
new accounting pronouncements from time to time, the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issues accounting standards updates (each being an "asu") to its accounting standards codification ("asc"), which constitutes the primary source of u.s. gaap. the company regularly monitors asus as they are issued and considers their applicability to its business. all asus applicable to the company are adopted by the due date and in the manner prescribed by the fasb. a discussion of those recently issued asus most likely to affect the presentation of the company's consolidated financial statements follows.
in may 2014, the fasb issued asu no. 2014-09-revenue from contracts with customers. the new guidance provided by asu 2014-09 is intended to remove inconsistencies and weaknesses in the existing revenue requirements, provide a more robust framework for addressing revenue issues, improve comparability, provide more useful information and simplify the preparation of financial statements. asu 2014-09 is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2016. early adoption is not permitted. the company is currently evaluating the impact that the new guidance may have on the consolidated financial statements.
in december 2011, the fasb adopted asu no. 2011-11-disclosures about offsetting assets and liabilities. asu 2011-11 amends topic 210 of the asc and requires entities to disclose information about offsetting and related arrangements to enable users of their financial statements to understand the effect of those arrangements on their respective financial positions. the scope of this asu includes derivatives, sale and repurchase agreements, reverse sale and repurchase agreements, and securities borrowing and securities lending agreements. entities are required to apply the provisions of asu 2011-11 for annual reporting periods beginning on or after january 1, 2013. the company does not believe that the adoption of asu 2011-11 will have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements.
page 49
