item 1a.   risk factors.
the following are what we believe to be the principal risks that might materially affect us and our businesses.
market and economic risks the homebuilding recovery has continued its progression at a slow and steady pace, however a downturn in the recovery or decline in economic conditions could adversely affect our operations.
in fiscal 2014, we experienced a steadily improving housing market, and in our business saw a strong recovery in the number of new sales contracts signed and improved gross margins compared with the prior year. however, demand for new homes is sensitive to changes in economic conditions such as the level of employment, consumer confidence, consumer income, the availability of financing and interest rate levels. the economic downturn that began in 2007 was one of the most severe in u.s. history, and severely affected both the numbers of homes we could sell and the prices for which we could sell them. we cannot predict whether the recovery in the housing market will continue. if the recovery were to slow or stop, or economic conditions were to worsen, the demand for new homes would likely decline, negatively impacting our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
for several years we had to take significant write-downs on the carrying values of land we owned and of option expenses. a future decline in land values could result in similar write-downs.
inventory risks are substantial for our homebuilding business. there are risks inherent in controlling, owning and developing land and if housing demand declines, we may own land or lots at a cost we will not be able to recover fully, or on which we cannot build and sell homes profitably. also, there can be significant fluctuations in the value of our owned undeveloped land, building lots and housing inventories related to changes in market conditions. as a result, our deposits for building lots controlled under option or similar contracts may be put at risk, we may have to sell homes or land for a lower than anticipated profit margin or we may have to record inventory impairment charges with regard to our developed and undeveloped land and lots. when demand for homes fell during the recent recession, we were required to take significant write-downs of the carrying value of our land inventory and we elected not to exercise many options to purchase land, even though that required us to forfeit deposits and write-off pre-acquisition costs. if market conditions were to deteriorate significantly in the future, we could again be required to make significant write downs with regard to our land inventory, which would decrease the asset values reflected on our balance sheet and adversely affect our earnings and our stockholders' equity.
inflation may adversely affect us by increasing costs that we may not be able to recover.
inflation can adversely affect us by increasing costs of land, materials and labor. in addition, significant inflation is often accompanied by higher interest rates, which have a negative impact on demand for our homes. in a highly inflationary environment, depending on industry and other economic conditions, we may be precluded from raising home prices enough to keep up with the rate of inflation, which would reduce our profit margins. although the rate of inflation has been low for the last several years, we have been experiencing increases in the prices of labor and materials and there could be a significant increase in inflation in the future.
9
homebuilding, mortgage lending, distressed asset investing and multifamily rentals are very competitive industries, and competitive conditions could adversely affect our business or financial results.
homebuilding. the homebuilding industry is highly competitive. homebuilders compete not only for homebuyers, but also for desirable land, financing, raw materials, skilled management and labor resources. we compete in each of our markets with numerous national, regional and local homebuilders. we also compete with sellers of existing homes, including foreclosed homes, and with rental housing. these competitive conditions can reduce the number of homes we deliver, negatively impact our selling prices, reduce our profit margins, and cause impairments in the value of our inventory or other assets. competition can also affect our ability to acquire suitable land, raw materials and skilled labor at acceptable costs or terms.
lennar financial services. our lennar financial services business competes with other mortgage lenders, including national, regional and local banks and other financial institutions, many of which are far larger, and some of which are subject to fewer government regulations, than our financial services subsidiaries. mortgage lenders who are subject to fewer regulations than we are or have greater access to low cost funds or different lending criteria than we do may be able to offer more attractive financing to potential customers than we can.
lennar multifamily. our multifamily rental business competes with other multifamily apartment developers and operators across the united states. we also compete in securing capital, partners and equity, and in securing tenants with the large supply of already existing rental apartments. these competitive conditions could negatively impact the ability of the ventures in which we are participating to find renters for the apartments they are building or the prices for which those apartments can be rented.
rialto. there are many firms and investment funds that compete with rialto in trying to acquire distressed mortgage debt, foreclosed properties and other real estate related assets that have been adversely affected by the recent recession. at least some of the firms with which rialto competes, or will compete, for investment opportunities have, or will have, a cost of funds that is lower than that of rialto or the funds it manages, and therefore those firms may be able to pay more for investment opportunities than would be prudent for rialto or the funds it manages. our rmf business competes with national and regional banks as well as smaller community banks within the various markets in which we operate and non-bank lenders, many of which are far larger than rmf or have access to lower cost funds than we do.
operational risks we may be subject to significant potential liabilities as a result of warranty and liability claims made against us.
as a homebuilder, we are subject in the ordinary course of our business to warranty and construction defect claims. we are also subject to claims for injuries that occur in the course of construction activities. we record warranty and other reserves for the homes we sell based on historical experience in our markets and our judgment of the qualitative risks associated with the types of homes we build. we have, and many of our subcontractors have, general liability, property, workers compensation and other business insurance. these insurance policies are intended to protect us against a portion of our risk of loss from claims, subject to certain self-insured retentions, deductibles and other coverage limits. however, it is possible that this insurance will not be adequate to address all warranty, construction defect and liability claims to which we are subject. additionally, the coverage offered and the availability of general liability insurance for construction defects are currently limited and policies that can be obtained are costly and often include exclusions based upon past losses those insurers suffered as a result of use of defective chinese drywall and other products in homes we and many other homebuilders built. as a result, an increasing number of our subcontractors are unable to obtain insurance, and we have in many cases had to waive our customary insurance requirements, which increases our and our insurers' exposure to claims and increases the possibility that our insurance will not be adequate to protect us for all the costs we incur.
products supplied to us and work done by subcontractors can expose us to risks that could adversely affect our business.
we rely on subcontractors to perform the actual construction of our homes, and in many cases, to select and obtain building materials. despite our detailed specifications and quality control procedures, in some cases, subcontractors may use improper construction processes or defective materials, such as defective chinese drywall that at one time was installed by subcontractors in homes built for us and for many other homebuilders in florida and elsewhere. although our subcontractors have principal responsibility for defects in the work they do, we have ultimate responsibility to the homebuyers. defective products widely used by the homebuilding industry can result in the need to perform extensive repairs to large numbers of homes. the cost of complying with our warranty obligations may be significant if we are unable to recover the cost of repairs from subcontractors, materials suppliers and insurers.
we also can suffer damage to our reputation, and may be exposed to possible liability, if subcontractors fail to comply with applicable laws, including laws involving things that are not within our control. when we learn about possibly improper practices by subcontractors, we try to cause the subcontractors to discontinue them. however, we are not always able to do that, and even when we can, it may not avoid claims against us relating to what the subcontractors already did.
10
supply shortages and risks related to the demand for skilled labor and building materials could increase costs and delay deliveries.
increased costs or shortages of skilled labor and/or lumber, framing, concrete, steel and other building materials could cause increases in construction costs and construction delays. during 2014, we experienced increases in the prices of some building materials and shortages of skilled labor in some areas. we generally are unable to pass on increases in construction costs to customers who have already entered into purchase contracts, as those contracts generally fix the price of the homes at the time the contracts are signed, which may be well in advance of the construction of the homes. sustained increases in construction costs may, over time, erode our margins, particularly if pricing competition restricts our ability to pass additional costs of materials and labor on to homebuyers.
reduced numbers of home sales extend the time it takes us to recover land purchase and property development costs.
we incur many costs even before we begin to build homes in a community. depending on the stage of development a land parcel is in when we acquire it, these may include costs of preparing land, finishing and entitling lots, installing roads, sewers, water systems and other utilities, taxes and other costs related to ownership of the land on which we plan to build homes. if the rate at which we sell and deliver homes slows, or if we delay the opening of new home communities, we may incur additional pre-construction costs and it may take longer for us to recover our costs.
increased demand for homes could require us to increase our corporate credit line, and our inability to do that could limit our ability to take full advantage of market opportunities.
our business requires that we be able to finance the development of our residential communities. one of the ways we do this is with bank borrowings. at november 30, 2014, we had a $1.5 billion credit facility, subject in part to additional commitments. if market conditions strengthen to the point that we need additional funding but we are not able to increase our credit facility or obtain funds from other types of financings, that could prevent us from taking full advantage of the enhanced market opportunities.
failure to comply with the covenants and conditions imposed by our credit facilities could restrict future borrowing or cause our debt to become immediately due and payable.
we have a credit facility that is available for us to use to help finance our homebuilding, acquisitions and other activities. the agreement governing our credit facility (the "credit agreement") makes it a default for us if we fail to pay principal or interest when it is due (subject in some instances to grace periods) or to comply with covenants, including covenants regarding various financial ratios. in addition, our lennar financial services segment has warehouse facilities to finance its lending activities and our rialto segment has warehouse facilities to finance its mortgage origination activities. if we default under the credit agreement or our warehouse facilities, the lenders will have the right to terminate their commitments to lend and to require immediate repayment of all outstanding borrowings. this could reduce our available funds at a time when we are having difficulty generating all the funds we need from our operations, in capital markets or otherwise, and restrict our ability to obtain financing in the future. further, rialto's 7.00% senior notes due 2018 contain restrictive covenants imposing operational and financial restrictions on our rialto segment, including restrictions that may limit rialto's ability to sell assets, pay dividends or make other distributions, enter into transactions with affiliates or incur additional indebtedness. in addition, if we default under the credit agreement or our warehouse facilities, it could result in the amounts outstanding under our senior notes and convertible senior notes to become immediately due and payable, which would have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition.
we have a substantial level of indebtedness which may have an adverse effect on our business or limit our ability to take advantage of business, strategic or financing opportunities.
as of november 30, 2014, our consolidated debt, excluding amounts outstanding under our credit facilities, was $5.2 billion. the indentures governing our senior notes and convertible senior notes do not restrict the incurrence of future secured or unsecured debt by us, and the agreement governing our credit facility allows us to incur a substantial amount of future unsecured debt. our substantial level of indebtedness increases the possibility that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay the principal, interest or other amounts due on our indebtedness. our reliance on debt to help support our operations exposes us to a number of risks, including:
•   we may be more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions;
•   we may have to pay higher interest rates upon refinancing or on our variable rate indebtedness if interest rates rise, thereby reducing our cash flows;
•   we may find it difficult to, or may be unable to, obtain additional financing to fund future working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate requirements that would be in our best long-term interests;
•   we may be required to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our debt, reducing the cash flow available to fund operations and investments;
11
•   we may have reduced flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses or the industries in which they are conducted;
•   we may have a competitive disadvantage relative to other companies in our industry that are less leveraged; and
•   we may be required to sell debt or equity securities or sell some of our core assets, possibly on unfavorable terms, in order to meet payment obligations.
our lennar financial services segment and rmf have warehouse facilities that mature in 2015, and if we cannot renew or replace these facilities, we may have to reduce our mortgage lending activities.
our lennar financial services segment has an aggregate committed and uncommitted amount under four warehouse repurchase credit facilities that totaled $925 million as of november 30, 2014, all of which will mature during 2015. our lennar financial services segment uses these facilities to finance its mortgage lending activities until the mortgage loans it originates are sold to investors. in addition, rmf, the commercial mortgage lender in our rialto segment, has an aggregate committed amount under two warehouse repurchase credit facilities that totaled $650 million as of november 30, 2014 both of which will mature during 2015. rmf uses these facilities to finance its mortgage origination activities. we expect these facilities to be renewed or replaced with other facilities when they mature. if we were unable to renew or replace these facilities on favorable terms or at all when they mature, that could seriously impede the activities of our lennar financial services segment and rmf, as applicable, which would have a material adverse impact on our financial results.
we conduct some of our operations through joint ventures with independent third parties and we can be adversely impacted by our joint venture partners' failures to fulfill their obligations or decisions to act contrary to our wishes.
in our homebuilding and lennar multifamily segments, we participate in joint ventures in order to acquire attractive land positions, to manage our risk profile and to leverage our capital base. in certain circumstances, the joint venture participants, including ourselves, are required to provide guarantees of obligations relating to the joint ventures, such as completion and environmental guarantees. if a joint venture partner does not perform its obligations, we may be required to bear more than our proportional share of the cost of fulfilling them. for example, as part of our lennar multifamily business, and its joint ventures, we and the other venturers have assumed certain obligations to complete construction of multifamily residential buildings at agreed upon costs, which could make us and the other venture participants responsible for cost overruns. although all the participants in a venture are normally responsible for sharing the costs of fulfilling obligations of that type, if some of the venture participants are unable or unwilling to meet their share of the obligations, we may be held responsible for some or all of the defaulted payments. in addition, because we do not have a controlling interest in most of the joint ventures in which we participate, we may not be able to sell assets, return invested capital or take other actions without the consent of at least one of our joint venture partners when such action may be in our best interest.
several of the joint ventures in which we participate will in the relatively near future be required to repay, refinance, renegotiate or extend their loans. if any of those joint ventures are unable to do this, we could be required to provide at least a portion of the funds the joint ventures need to be able to repay the loans and to conduct the activities for which they were formed, which could adversely affect our financial position.
our new businesses may not be as successful as we anticipate, and could disrupt our ongoing businesses and adversely affect our operations.
we have invested and expect to continue to invest in new business opportunities. in july 2013, we began commercial mortgage loan origination activities through rmf. in addition, during 2012 and 2013, we began our lennar multifamily business in which we have invested substantial resources to participate in the development of multifamily rental properties. further, under our homebuilding umbrella, we are investing in a solar business and a business focused on the development, investment and management of commercial properties. as with any new businesses, these endeavors, and others we may undertake in the future, are likely to involve significant risks and uncertainties, including significant start-up costs and the possibility that the new businesses will not be profitable or will not generate the expected returns on our investments, and the new businesses may require attention from our senior management that reduces their ability to focus on our core activities.
the loss of the services of members of our senior management or a significant number of our employees could negatively affect our business.
our success depends to a significant extent upon the performance and active participation of our senior management, many of whom have been with the company for a significant number of years. if we were to lose members of our senior management, we might not be able to find appropriate replacements on a timely basis and our operations could be negatively affected. also, the loss of a significant number of operating employees and our inability to hire qualified replacements could have a material adverse effect on our business.
12
our access to capital and our ability to obtain additional financing could be affected by any downgrade of our credit ratings.
our corporate credit rating and ratings of our senior notes and convertible senior notes affect, among other things, our ability to access new capital, especially debt. a substantial portion of our access to capital is through the issuance of senior notes and convertible senior notes, of which we have $4.3 billion outstanding as of november 30, 2014. among other things, we rely on proceeds of debt issuances to pay the principal of existing senior notes when they mature. negative changes in the ratings of our senior notes could make it difficult for us to sell senior notes in the future and could result in more stringent covenants and higher interest rates with regard to new senior notes we issue.
natural disasters and severe weather conditions could delay deliveries and increase costs of new homes in affected areas, which could harm our sales and results of operations.
many of our homebuilding operations are conducted in areas that are subject to natural disasters, including hurricanes, earthquakes, droughts, floods, wildfires and severe weather. the occurrence of natural disasters or severe weather conditions can delay new home deliveries, increase costs by damaging inventories and lead to shortages of labor and materials in areas affected by the disasters, and can negatively impact the demand for new homes in affected areas. if our insurance does not fully cover business interruptions or losses resulting from these events, our results of operations could be adversely affected.
if our homebuyers are not able to obtain suitable financing, that would reduce demand for our homes and our home sales revenues.
many purchasers of our homes obtain mortgage loans to finance a substantial portion of the purchase price of the homes they purchase. the uncertainties in the mortgage markets, including the tightening of credit standards and increased government regulation, could adversely affect the ability of potential homebuyers to obtain financing for a home purchase, thus preventing them from purchasing our homes. changes made by fannie mae, freddie mac and fha/va to sponsored mortgage programs, as well as changes made by private mortgage insurance companies, have reduced the ability of many potential homebuyers to qualify for mortgages. principal among these have been tighter lending standards such as higher income requirements, larger required down payments, increased reserves and higher required credit scores. in addition, there continues to be substantial uncertainty regarding the future of fannie mae and freddie mac, including proposals that they reduce or terminate their role as the principal sources of liquidity in the secondary market for mortgage loans. it is not clear how, if fannie mae and freddie mac curtail their secondary market mortgage loan purchases, the liquidity they provide would be replaced. there is a substantial possibility that substituting an alternate source of liquidity would increase mortgage interest rates, which would increase the buyer's effective cost of the homes we sell, and therefore could reduce demand for our homes and adversely affect our results of operations.
changes in tax laws can increase the after tax cost of owning a home, and further tax law changes could adversely affect demand for the homes we build.
under current tax law certain significant expenses of owning a home, including mortgage loan interest costs and real estate taxes, generally are deductible expenses for the purpose of calculating an individual's federal, and in some cases state, tax liability. however, the american taxpayer relief act of 2012, which was signed into law in january 2013, resulted in higher income tax rates and limits the amount of mortgage interest individuals can deduct in computing their income tax liability. the limit on deductibility of mortgage interest can increase the after-tax cost of owning a home for some individuals. any additional increases in personal income tax rates and/or additional tax deduction limits could adversely impact demand for new homes, including homes we build, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
our lennar financial services segment can be adversely affected by reduced demand for our homes or by a slowdown in mortgage refinancings.
approximately 57% of the mortgage loans made by our lennar financial services segment in 2014 were made to buyers of homes we built. therefore, a decrease in the demand for our homes would adversely affect the revenues of this segment of our business. in addition, the revenues of our lennar financial services segment would be adversely affected by a decrease in refinance transactions, such as the decrease that we experienced during the first half of fiscal 2014.
if our ability to sell mortgages into the secondary market is impaired, that could significantly reduce our ability to sell homes unless we are willing to become a long-term investor in loans we originate.
substantially all of the residential mortgage loans we originate are sold within a short period in the secondary mortgage market on a servicing released, non-recourse basis. if we became unable to sell loans into the secondary mortgage market or directly to fannie mae and freddie mac, we would have to either curtail our origination of mortgage loans, which among other things, could significantly reduce our ability to sell homes, or commit our own funds to long term investments in mortgage loans, which, in addition to requiring us to deploy substantial amounts of our own funds, could delay the time when we recognize revenues from home sales on our statements of operations.
13
if real estate rialto acquired through foreclosures is not properly valued when it is acquired, we could be required to take valuation charge-offs, which would reduce our earnings.
when a loan is foreclosed upon and we take title to the property, we obtain a valuation of the property and base its book value on that valuation. the book value of the foreclosed property is periodically compared to its updated market value (or its updated market value less estimated selling costs if the foreclosed property is classified as held-for-sale), and a charge-off is recorded for any excess of the property's book value over its fair value. if the revised valuation we establish for a property proves to be too high, we may have to record additional charge-offs in subsequent periods. material charge-offs could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, and possibly even on our financial condition.
the ability of our rialto segment to profit from the investments it makes may depend to a significant extent on its ability to manage resolutions of distressed mortgages and other real estate related assets.
a principal factor in a prospective purchaser's decision regarding the price it will pay for a portfolio of mortgage loans or other real estate related assets is the cash flow the prospective purchaser expects the portfolio to generate. the cash flow a portfolio of distressed mortgage loans and related assets will generate can be affected by the way the assets in the portfolio are managed. we believe the backgrounds and experience of the personnel in our rialto segment enable the rialto segment to generate better cash flows from the distressed assets it manages than what is generally expected with regard to similar assets. when rialto decides whether it or a fund it manages should purchase particular distressed assets and what it or the fund should be willing to pay for them, one consideration is whether, and to what extent, rialto thinks it will be able to obtain above average returns in resolving the assets. if rialto is not able to achieve its anticipated returns, it or the fund it manages will not realize the expected return on its investment.
regulatory risks we may be adversely impacted by legal and regulatory changes.
we are subject with regard to almost all of our activities to a variety of federal, state and local laws and regulations. laws and regulations, and policies under or interpretations of existing laws and regulations, change frequently. our businesses could be adversely affected by changes in laws, regulations, policies or interpretations or by our inability to comply with them without making significant changes in our businesses.
we may be adversely impacted by laws and regulations directed at the financial industry.
new or modified regulations and related regulatory guidance focused on the financial industry may have adverse effects on aspects of our businesses. for example, in october 2014, final rules were promulgated under the dodd-frank wall street reform act that requires mortgage lenders or third-party b-piece buyers to retain a portion of the credit risk related to securitized loans. we have determined that these rules do not affect our residential mortgage lending operations at this time; however, the new rules may adversely impact our commercial mortgage lending operations in our rmf business. while we are still assessing the impact of the new rules on the market, we believe that the rules may reduce the price of commercial mortgage-backed securities ("cmbs") and limit the overall volume of cmbs related loan purchases, which could impact the financial results of our rmf business. in addition, if our residential mortgage lending operations became subject to these rules in the future, that would substantially increase the amount we would have to invest in our mortgage lending operations and increase our risks with regard to loans we originate and sell in the secondary mortgage market.
governmental regulations regarding land use and environmental matters could increase the cost and limit the availability of our development and homebuilding projects and adversely affect our business or financial results.
we are subject to extensive and complex laws and regulations that affect the land development, homebuilding and apartment development process, including laws and regulations related to zoning, permitted land uses, levels of density, building design, elevation of properties, water and waste disposal and use of open spaces. these regulations often provide broad discretion to the administering governmental authorities as to the conditions we must meet prior to development or construction being approved, if they are approved at all. we are also subject to determinations by governmental authorities as to the adequacy of water or sewage facilities, roads and other local services with regard to particular residential communities. new housing developments may also be subject to various assessments for schools, parks, streets and other public improvements. in addition, in many markets government authorities have implemented no growth or growth control initiatives. any of these can limit, delay, or increase the costs of land development or home construction.
we are also subject to a variety of local, state and federal laws and regulations concerning protection of the environment. in some of the markets where we operate, we are required by law to pay environmental impact fees, use energy-saving construction materials and give commitments to municipalities to provide infrastructure such as roads and sewage systems. we generally are required to obtain permits, entitlements and approvals from local authorities to commence and carry out residential development or home construction. these permits, entitlements and approvals may, from time-to-time, be
14
opposed or challenged by local governments, environmental advocacy groups, neighboring property owners or other possibly interested parties, adding delays, costs and risks of non-approval to the process. violations of environmental laws and regulations can result in injunctions, civil penalties, remediation expenses, and other costs. in addition, some environmental laws impose strict liability, which means that we may be held liable for unlawful environmental conditions on property we own which we did not create.
we are also subject to laws and regulations related to workers' health and safety, and there are efforts to subject us to other labor related laws or rules, some of which may make us responsible for things done by our subcontractors over which we have little or no control. in addition, our residential mortgage subsidiary is subject to various state and federal statutes, rules and regulations, including those that relate to lending operations and other areas of mortgage origination and loan servicing. the impact of those statutes, rules and regulations can increase our homebuyers' costs of financing, and our cost of doing business, as well as restricting our homebuyers' access to some types of loans.
our obligation to comply with the laws and regulations under which we operate, and our need to ensure that our associates, subcontractors and other agents comply with these laws and regulations, could result in delays in construction and land development, cause us to incur substantial costs and prohibit or restrict land development and homebuilding activity in certain areas in which we operate. budget reductions by state and local governmental agencies may increase the time it takes to obtain required approvals and therefore may aggravate the delays we could encounter. government agencies also routinely initiate audits, reviews or investigations of our business practices to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, which can cause us to incur costs or create other disruptions in our businesses that can be significant.
we can be injured by improper acts of persons over whom we do not have control.
although we expect all of our associates (i.e., employees), officers and directors to comply at all times with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, there may be instances in which subcontractors or others through whom we do business engage in practices that do not comply with applicable laws, regulations or governmental guidelines. when we learn of practices that do not comply with applicable laws or regulations, including practices relating to homes, buildings or multifamily rental properties we build or finance, we move actively to stop the non-complying practices as soon as possible and we have taken disciplinary action with regard to associates of ours who were aware of non-complying practices and did not take steps to address them, including in some instances terminating their employment. however, regardless of the steps we take after we learn of practices that do not comply with applicable laws or regulations, we can in some instances be subject to fines or other governmental penalties, and our reputation can be injured, due to the practices' having taken place.
our ability to collect upon mortgage loans may be limited by the application of state laws.
our mortgage loans typically permit us to accelerate the debt upon default by the borrower. the courts of all states will enforce acceleration clauses in the event of a material payment default, subject in some cases to a right of the court to revoke the acceleration and reinstate the mortgage loan if a payment default is cured. the equity courts of a state, however, may refuse to allow the foreclosure of a mortgage or to permit the acceleration of the indebtedness in instances in which they decide that the exercise of those remedies would be inequitable or unjust or the circumstances would render an acceleration unconscionable.
further, the ability to collect upon mortgage loans may be limited by the application of state and federal laws. for example, nevada has enacted a law providing that if the amount an assignee of a mortgage note paid to acquire the note is less than the face amount of the note, the creditor cannot recover more through a deficiency action than the amount it paid for the note. if the nevada law is upheld, or similar laws are enacted in other jurisdictions, it could materially and adversely affect our ability and the ability of funds we manage to profit from purchases of distressed debt.
other risks our results of operations could be adversely affected if legal claims are brought against us and are not resolved in our favor.
in the ordinary course of our business, we are subject to legal claims by homebuyers, borrowers against whom we have instituted foreclosure proceedings, persons with whom we have land purchase contracts and a variety of other persons. we establish reserves against legal claims and we believe that, in general, they will not have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition. however, if the amounts we are required to pay as a result of claims against us substantially exceed the sums anticipated by our reserves, the need to pay those amounts could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations for the periods when we are required to make the payments.
15
information technology failures and data security breaches could harm our business.
we rely extensively on information technology (it) systems, including internet sites, data hosting facilities and other hardware and platforms, some of which are hosted by third parties, to assist in conducting our businesses. our it systems, like those of most companies, may be vulnerable to a variety of interruptions, including, but not limited to, natural disasters, telecommunications failures, hackers, and other security issues. moreover, our computer systems, like those of most companies, are subjected to computer viruses or other malicious codes, and to cyber or phishing-attacks. although we have implemented administrative and technical controls and taken other actions to minimize the risk of cyber incidents and protect our information technology, computer intrusion efforts are becoming increasingly sophisticated, and even the enhanced controls we have installed might be breached. if our it systems cease to function properly, we could suffer interruptions in our operations. if our cyber-security is breached, unauthorized persons may gain access to proprietary or confidential information, including information about purchasers of our homes or borrowers from our mortgage lending subsidiaries. this could damage our reputation and require us to incur significant costs to repair or restore the security of our computer systems.
increases in the rate of cancellations of home sale agreements could have an adverse effect on our business.
our backlog reflects agreements of sale with our homebuyers for homes that have not yet been delivered. we have received a deposit from our home buyer for each home reflected in our backlog, and generally we have the right to retain the deposit if the home buyer does not complete the purchase. in some cases, however, a home buyer may cancel the agreement of sale and receive a complete or partial refund of the deposit for reasons such as state and local laws, the home buyer's inability to obtain mortgage financing, his or her inability to sell his or her current home or our inability to complete and deliver the home within the specified time. if there is a downturn in the housing market, or if mortgage financing becomes even less available than it currently is, more homebuyers may cancel their agreements of sale with us, which would have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
our success depends on our ability to acquire land suitable for residential homebuilding at reasonable prices, in accordance with our land investment criteria.
there is strong competition among homebuilders for land that is suitable for residential development. the future availability of finished and partially finished developed lots and undeveloped land that meet our internal criteria depends on a number of factors outside our control, including land availability in general, competition with other homebuilders and land buyers for desirable property, inflation in land prices, zoning, allowable housing density, and other regulatory requirements. should suitable lots or land become less available, the number of homes we could build and sell could be reduced, and the cost of land could be increased, perhaps substantially, which could adversely impact our results of operations.
expansion of our services and investments into international markets through our rialto segment subjects us to risks inherent in international operations.
in december 2014, fund ii, of which our rialto segment owns an interest and for which it performs asset management services, acquired an interest in a joint venture which holds real estate assets in spain. expansion of our services and investments into spain and any expansion into other international markets in the future, could result in operational problems not typically experienced in the united states. our activities outside the united states will be subject to risks associated with doing business internationally, including fluctuations in currency exchange rates, changes in a specific country's or region's political or economic conditions, and competitive disadvantages due to our need to comply with u.s. anti-bribery laws. there also are tax consequences of doing business outside the u.s., both under u.s. tax laws and under the tax laws of the countries in which we do business.
we could suffer adverse tax and other financial consequences if we are unable to utilize our net operating loss ("nol") carryforwards.
at november 30, 2014, we had state tax nol carryforwards totaling $113.8 million that will expire between 2015 and 2034. as of november 30, 2014, state tax nol carryforwards totaling $2.0 million will expire over the next twelve months, if sufficient taxable income is not generated in the applicable states to utilize the net operating losses. at november 30, 2014, we had a valuation allowance of $8.0 million against our state nol carryforwards because we believe it is more likely than not that a portion of our state nol carryforwards will not be realized due to the limited carryforward periods in certain states. if we are unable to use our nols, we may have to record charges or reduce our deferred tax assets, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
we experience variability in our operating results on a quarterly basis and, as a result, our historical performance may not be a meaningful indicator of future results.
we historically have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, variability in quarterly results. as a result of such variability, our short-term performance may not be a meaningful indicator of future results. our homebuilding business is seasonal in nature and generally reflects higher levels of new home order activity in our second fiscal quarter and increased deliveries in
16
the second half of our fiscal year. our quarterly results of operations may continue to fluctuate in the future as a result of a variety of factors, including, among others, seasonal home buying patterns, the timing of home closings and land sales and weather-related problems.
we have a stockholder who can exercise significant influence over matters that are brought to a vote of our stockholders.
stuart a. miller, our chief executive officer and a director, has voting control, through personal holdings and holdings by family-owned entities, of class b, and to a lesser extent class a, common stock that enables mr. miller to cast approximately 44% of the votes that can be cast by the holders of all our outstanding class a and class b common stock combined. that effectively gives mr. miller the power to control the election of our directors and the approval of matters that are presented to our stockholders. mr. miller's voting power might discourage someone from seeking to acquire us or from making a significant equity investment in us, even if we needed the investment to meet our obligations or to operate our business. also, because of his voting power, mr. miller could be able to authorize actions that are contrary to our other stockholders' desires.
the trading price of our class b common stock normally is lower than that of our class a common stock.
the only difference between our class a common stock and our class b common stock is that the class b common stock entitles the holders to 10 votes per share, while the class a common stock entitles holders to only one vote per share. however, the trading price of the class b common stock on the new york stock exchange ("nyse") normally is lower than the nyse trading price of our class a common stock. we believe this is because only a relatively small number of shares of class b common stock are available for trading, which reduces the liquidity of the market for our class b common stock to a point where many investors are reluctant to invest in it. the limited liquidity could make it difficult for a holder of a significant number of shares of our class b common stock to dispose of the stock without materially reducing the trading price of the class b common stock.
changes in global or regional environmental conditions and governmental actions in response to such changes may adversely affect us by increasing the costs of or restricting our planned or future growth activities.
there is growing concern from many members of the scientific community and the general public that an increase in global average temperatures due to emissions of greenhouse gases and other human activities have caused, or will cause, significant changes in weather patterns and increase the frequency and severity of natural disasters. government mandates, standards or regulations intended to reduce greenhouse gas emissions or projected climate change impacts could result in restrictions on land development in certain areas and increased energy, transportation and raw material costs, or cause us to incur compliance expenses that we will be unable fully to recover, which could reduce our housing gross profit margins and adversely affect our results of operations.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with "selected financial data" and our audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included elsewhere in this report.
special note regarding forward-looking statements this annual report on form 10-k contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. these statements concern expectations, beliefs, projections, plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. the forward-looking statements in this annual report include statements regarding: our belief that we are still in the early stages of a protracted slow growth housing recovery, our belief regarding the drivers of such recovery, and our belief that we are well positioned to benefit from the recovery; our belief that the recovery will continue to benefit the rental market; our expectation that will see some margin contraction in 2015; our belief regarding the impact of the decline in oil prices on our homebuilding operations; our expectation that we will continue to invest in carefully underwritten strategic land acquisitions; our expectation that we will start generating positive cash flows in fiscal 2016; our expectation that our financial services segment's earnings will increase in fiscal 2015; our expectation that rialto's rmf business will begin to generate a more predictable and recurring component of earnings for rialto; our expectation that the multifamily segment will complete the construction of its development pipeline over the next four years, that we will sell our rental properties once rents and occupancies have stabilized, and that we will sell another five communities towards the end of fiscal 2015; our expectation that fivepoint communities will continue to mature as a long-term strategy; our belief that our main driver of earnings will continue to be our homebuilding and financial services operations; our belief that we are well positioned to deliver between 23,500 and 24,000 homes with gross margins expected to average about 24% during fiscal 2015; our belief that we are on track to achieve another year of substantial profitability in fiscal 2015; our intent to settle the face value of the 2.75% convertible senior notes due 2020 in cash; our expectation regarding our variability in our quarterly results; our expectations regarding the renewal or replacement of our warehouse facilities; our belief regarding draws upon our bonds or letters of credit, and our belief regarding the impact to the company if there were such a draw; our expectation that substantially all homes currently in backlog will be delivered in fiscal year 2015; our belief that our operations and borrowing resources will provide for our current and long-term capital requirements at our anticipated levels of activity; our belief regarding legal proceedings in which we are involved; and our estimates regarding certain tax matters and accounting valuations, including our expectations regarding the result of anticipated settlements with various taxing authorities.
these forward-looking statements reflect our current views about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. we wish to caution readers that certain important factors may have affected and could in the future affect our actual results and could cause actual results to differ significantly from those expressed in any forward-looking statement. the most important factors that could prevent us from achieving our goals, and cause the assumptions underlying forward-looking statements and the actual results to differ materially from those expressed in or implied by those forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the following: a slowdown in the recovery of real estate markets across the nation, or any downturn in such markets; changes in general economic and financial conditions, and demographic trends, in the u.s. leading to decreased demand for our services and homes, lower profit margins and reduced access to credit; unfavorable or unanticipated outcomes in legal proceedings that substantially exceed our expectations; the possibility that we will incur nonrecurring costs that may not have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition, but may have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements for a particular reporting period; decreased demand for our multifamily rental properties, and our ability to successfully sell our rental properties once rents and occupancies have stabilized; our ability to acquire land and pursue real estate opportunities at anticipated prices; increased competition for home sales from other sellers of new and resale homes; conditions in the capital, credit and financial markets, including mortgage lending standards, the availability of mortgage financing and mortgage foreclosure rates; changes in interest and unemployment rates, and inflation; a decline in the value of the land and home inventories we maintain or possible future write-downs of the carrying value of our real estate assets; increases in operating costs, including costs related to real estate taxes, construction materials, labor and insurance, and our ability to manage our cost structure, both in our homebuilding and multifamily businesses; our inability to maintain anticipated pricing levels and our inability to predict the effect of interest rates on demand; the ability and willingness of the participants in various joint ventures to honor their commitments; our ability to successfully and timely obtain land-use entitlements and construction financing, and address issues that arise in connection with the use and development of our land; natural disasters and other unforeseen damage for which our insurance may not provide adequate coverage; our inability to successfully grow our ancillary businesses; potential liability under environmental or construction laws, or other laws or regulations affecting our business; regulatory changes that adversely affect the profitability of our businesses; our ability to comply with the terms of our debt instruments; and our ability to successfully estimate the impact of certain regulatory, accounting and tax matters.
22
please see "item 1a-risk factors" of this annual report for a further discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties which could affect our future results. we undertake no obligation to publicly revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of those statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events, except to the extent we are legally required to disclose certain matters in sec filings or otherwise.
outlook we continue to believe that we are still in the early stages of a protracted slow growth housing recovery. the housing market's recovery has continued its progression at a slow and steady pace, moving upward in a fairly narrow channel as we enter fiscal 2015. the recovery has been supported on the downside by the significant production deficit that has resulted from the extremely low volumes of dwellings, both single family and multifamily, that has been built over the past seven years. at the same time, the recovery has been constrained by a limited supply of available homes on the market, limited supply of land available to add to the supply of homes and constrained demand from purchasers who would like to buy but are unable to access the mortgage market. we believe the recovery will also continue to benefit the rental market as first time home purchasers find limited access to the for sale market as a result of high down payments and strict underwriting standards.
looking back, fiscal 2014 was an excellent year for lennar, with revenues and pretax earnings attributable to lennar increasing 31% and 49%, respectively, from 2013. in fiscal 2014, our gross margin increased 50 basis points to 25.4%. this gross margin, combined with our selling, general and administrative expenses of 10.5%, increased our operating margin 60 basis points to 14.9% during fiscal 2014. during fiscal 2014, labor and material costs increased by 7%, which represents a slowing pace of costs increases from the past two years. in addition, we ended the year with a strong sales backlog, up 21% in homes and 22% in dollar value, which gives us a great start for fiscal 2015.
during fiscal 2014, we also had strong performances from our other business segments. our financial services segment produced $80.1 million of pretax earnings. rialto generated $66.6 million of operating earnings net of earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests, benefiting from the rialto mortgage finance ("rmf") business and earnings from its real estate funds. our multifamily rental business continued to grow during fiscal 2014, as it sold two completed rental properties and ended the year with 19 communities under construction, one completed and fully leased, three partially completed and leasing and one under development. finally, our fivepoint communities is well positioned, managing the entitlement and development of some of the most desirable real estate assets in southern and northern california.
in fiscal 2015, our principal focus in our homebuilding operations will continue to be on generating strong operating margins on the homes we sell by delivering homes from our excellent land positions, although we expect to see some margin contraction due to competitive pressures and the inclusion of some additional previously mothballed land assets being developed. in addition, the significant decline in oil prices may negatively impact our houston segment in fiscal 2015, however this decline could potentially have offsetting benefits. thus we cannot project the impact of declining oil prices at this time. we will continue to carefully balance pricing power, sales incentives, brokerage commissions and advertising expenses to maximize our results. in addition, we plan to continue to invest in carefully underwritten strategic land acquisitions in well-positioned markets that we expect will continue to support our homebuilding operations going forward and help us increase operating leverage as our deliveries increase. in fiscal 2014, land purchases were $1.4 billion compared to $1.8 billion in fiscal 2013. for fiscal 2015, we are continuing our pivot towards a land lighter model in homebuilding with the focus of becoming cash flow positive and deleveraging our balance sheet. we expect to start generating positive cash flows in fiscal 2016.
during fiscal 2015, we expect our financial services segment's earnings to increase as the segment will continue to benefit as our homebuilding business expands and the number of non-lennar purchasers using our mortgage company continues to grow in various markets. we are also focused on our multiple platforms including rialto, multifamily, and fivepoint. as rialto continues to grow as a blue chip capital investment management company and commercial real estate capital provider, we expect contributions from rialto's rmf business will begin to generate a more predictable and recurring component of earnings for rialto. in fiscal 2015, rialto will continue its transition into an asset light, fund model. our multifamily segment anticipates that the construction of its development pipeline will be completed over the next four years, and as a merchant builder of apartments, we plan to sell our apartments once rents and occupancies have stabilized. we are well positioned and expect to sell another five communities towards the end of fiscal 2015. in addition, we expect fivepoint communities to continue to mature as a long-term strategy as it develops land in premium california locations to fill the growing demand for well-located approved and developed homesites.
in conclusion, we believe that our company remains well positioned to benefit from the housing market's recovery. we expect that our company's main driver of earnings will continue to be our homebuilding and financial services operations, as we are currently well positioned to deliver between 23,500 and 24,000 homes with gross margins expected to average about 24% during fiscal 2015. we are also focused on our multiple platforms including rialto, multifamily, and fivepoint, as such ancillary business continue to mature and expand their franchises providing longer-term opportunities that we expect will enhance shareholder value. overall, we are on track to achieve another year of substantial profitability in fiscal 2015, as the
23
housing market recovery continues and we will continue to benefit from our strategic land acquisitions and new community openings.
results of operations overview our net earnings attributable to lennar in 2014 were $638.9 million, or $2.80 per diluted share ($3.12 per basic share), compared to $479.7 million, or $2.15 per diluted share ($2.48 per basic share), in 2013. our 2014 earnings before taxes were $969.8 million, compared to $681.9 million in 2013.
the following table sets forth financial and operational information for the years indicated related to our operations.
years ended november 30,
(dollars in thousands)                                                                     2014                  2013                  2012
lennar homebuilding revenues:
sales of homes                                                                  $6,839,642             5,292,072             3,492,177
sales of land                                                                      185,488                62,875                89,055
total lennar homebuilding revenues                                               7,025,130             5,354,947             3,581,232
lennar homebuilding costs and expenses:
cost of homes sold                                                               5,103,409             3,973,812             2,698,831
cost of land sold                                                                  143,797                45,834                78,808
selling, general and administrative                                                714,823               559,462               438,727
total lennar homebuilding costs and expenses                                     5,962,029             4,579,108             3,216,366
lennar homebuilding operating margins                                            1,063,101               775,839               364,866
lennar homebuilding equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated entities            (355    )           23,803               (26,672   )
lennar homebuilding other income, net                                                7,526                27,346                15,144
other interest expense                                                             (36,551    )          (93,913   )           (94,353   )
lennar homebuilding operating earnings                                          $1,033,721               733,075               258,985
lennar financial services revenues                                                $454,381               427,342               384,618
lennar financial services costs and expenses                                       374,243               341,556               299,836
lennar financial services operating earnings                                       $80,138                85,786                84,782
rialto revenues                                                                   $230,521               138,060               138,856
rialto costs and expenses                                                          249,114               151,072               138,990
rialto equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities                              59,277                22,353                41,483
rialto other income (expense), net                                                   3,395                16,787               (29,780   )
rialto operating earnings                                                          $44,079                26,128                11,569
lennar multifamily revenues                                                         69,780                14,746                   426
lennar multifamily costs and expenses                                               95,227                31,463                 6,306
lennar multifamily equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated entities           14,454                  (271   )                (4   )
lennar multifamily operating loss                                                 $(10,993    )          (16,988   )            (5,884   )
total operating earnings                                                        $1,146,945               828,001               349,452
corporate general administrative expenses                                          177,161               146,060               127,338
earnings before income taxes                                                      $969,784               681,941               222,114
net earnings attributable to lennar                                               $638,916               479,674               679,124
gross margin as a % of revenue from home sales                                        25.4    %             24.9   %              22.7   %
s,g&amp;a expenses as a % of revenues from home sales                                 10.5    %             10.6   %              12.6   %
operating margin as a % of revenues from home sales                                   14.9    %             14.3   %              10.2   %
average sales price                                                               $326,000               290,000               255,000
24
2014 versus 2013
revenues from home sales increased 29% in the year ended november 30, 2014 to $6.8 billion from $5.3 billion in 2013. revenues were higher primarily due to a 15% increase in the number of home deliveries, excluding unconsolidated entities, and a 12% increase in the average sales price of homes delivered. new home deliveries, excluding unconsolidated entities, increased to 20,971 homes in the year ended november 30, 2014 from 18,234 homes last year. there was an increase in home deliveries in all of our homebuilding segments and homebuilding other, which was primarily driven by an increase in active communities over the last year. the average sales price of homes delivered increased to $326,000 in the year ended november 30, 2014 from $290,000 in the year ended november 30, 2013, primarily due to increased pricing in many of our markets as the market recovery continues. sales incentives offered to homebuyers were $21,400 per home delivered in the year ended november 30, 2014, or 6.2% as a percentage of home sales revenue, compared to $20,500 per home delivered in the year ended november 30, 2013, or 6.6% as a percentage of home sales revenue. currently, our biggest competition is from the sales of existing and foreclosed homes. we differentiate our new homes from those homes by issuing new home warranties, updated floor plans, our everything's included marketing program, community amenities and in certain markets by emphasizing energy efficiency and new technologies.
gross margins on home sales were $1.7 billion, or 25.4%, in the year ended november 30, 2014, compared to gross margins on home sales of $1.3 billion, or 24.9%, in the year ended november 30, 2013. gross margin percentage on home sales improved compared to the year ended november 30, 2013, primarily due to an increase in the average sales price of homes delivered, a decrease in sales incentives offered to homebuyers as a percentage of revenue from home sales and $20.9 million of insurance recoveries and other nonrecurring items, partially offset by an increase in materials, labor and land costs.
gross profits on land sales totaled $41.7 million in the year ended november 30, 2014, compared to $17.0 million in the year ended november 30, 2013. gross profits on land sales in the year ended november 30, 2013 included a $4.8 million recovery of an option deposit previously written-off.
selling, general and administrative expenses were $714.8 million in the year ended november 30, 2014, compared to $559.5 million in the year ended november 30, 2013. as a percentage of revenues from home sales, selling, general and administrative expenses improved to 10.5% in the year ended november 30, 2014, from 10.6% in the year ended november 30, 2013.
lennar homebuilding equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated entities was ($0.4) million in the year ended november 30, 2014, compared to $23.8 million in the year ended november 30, 2013. in the year ended november 30, 2014, lennar homebuilding equity in loss from unconsolidated entities related to our share of operating losses of lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities, which included $4.6 million of our share of valuation adjustments related to assets of lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities, partially offset by our share of operating earnings of $4.7 million related to a third-party land sale by one unconsolidated entity. in the year ended november 30, 2013, lennar homebuilding equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities included our share of operating earnings of $19.8 million primarily related to sales of homesites to third parties by one unconsolidated entity for approximately $204 million resulting in a gross profit of approximately $67 million.
lennar homebuilding other income, net, totaled $7.5 million in the year ended november 30, 2014, compared to $27.3 million in the year ended november 30, 2013. in the year ended november 30, 2013, lennar homebuilding other income, net was primarily due to management fees and the sale of a rental operating property by one of our consolidated joint ventures that resulted in a gain of $14.4 million (the transaction resulted in a net loss of $3.2 million after considering the impact of noncontrolling interests totaling $17.6 million), partially offset by other expenses.
lennar homebuilding interest expense was $201.5 million in the year ended november 30, 2014 ($161.4 million was included in cost of homes sold, $3.6 million in cost of land sold and $36.6 million in other interest expense), compared to $214.3 million in the year ended november 30, 2013 ($117.8 million was included in cost of homes sold, $2.6 million in cost of land sold and $93.9 million in other interest expense). interest expense decreased due to an increase in qualifying assets eligible for interest capitalization, partially offset by an increase in our outstanding debt and home deliveries.
operating earnings for our lennar financial services segment were $80.1 million in the year ended november 30, 2014, compared to operating earnings of $85.8 million in the year ended november 30, 2013. the decrease in profitability was primarily due to a more competitive environment as a result of a significant decrease in refinance transactions, which resulted in lower profit per transaction in the segment's mortgage operations.
operating earnings for our rialto segment were $66.6 million in the year ended november 30, 2014 (which included $44.1 million of operating earnings and an add back of $22.5 million of net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests), compared to operating earnings of $19.9 million (which included $26.1 million of operating earnings, partially offset by $6.2 million of net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests) in the year ended november 30, 2013.
25
rialto revenues were $230.5 million in the year ended november 30, 2014, compared to revenues of $138.1 million in the year ended november 30, 2013. revenues increased primarily due to the receipt of a $34.7 million advanced distribution with regard to rialto's carried interest in rialto real estate fund, lp ("fund i") in order to cover the income tax obligation which resulted from allocations of taxable income due to rialto's general partner interest in fund i. in addition, revenues increased due to an increase in securitization revenue and interest income from rialto mortgage finance ("rmf"), partially offset by a decrease in interest income associated with rialto's portfolio of real estate loans.
rialto expenses were $249.1 million in the year ended november 30, 2014, compared to expenses of $151.1 million in the year ended november 30, 2013. expenses increased primarily due to an increase in loan impairments of $41.0 million due to changes in estimated cash flows expected to be collected on the segment's loan portfolios and the change from the accretable yield income method to a cost recovery basis method in the fourth quarter of 2014. we made this determination in order to better reflect the performance of the loan portfolios due to the uncertainty in estimating the timing and amount of future cash flows. in addition, expenses increased due to an increase in interest expense and other general administrative expenses.
rialto equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities was $59.3 million and $22.4 million in the years ended november 30, 2014 and 2013, respectively, primarily related to our share of earnings from the rialto real estate funds. the higher equity in earnings related to increases in fair value and recognition of gains related to certain assets in the rialto real estate funds.
in the year ended november 30, 2014, rialto other income, net was $3.4 million, which consisted primarily of net realized gains on the sale of real estate owned ("reo") of $43.7 million and rental and other income, partially offset by expenses related to owning and maintaining reo, $19.3 million of impairments on reo and other expenses. in the year ended november 30, 2013, rialto other income, net, was $16.8 million, which consisted primarily of net realized gains on the sale of reo of $48.8 million, a gain of $8.5 million related to a bargain purchase acquisition, which included cash and a loan receivable as consideration, and rental income, partially offset by expenses related to owning and maintaining reo and $16.1 million of impairments on reo.
operating loss for our lennar multifamily segment was $11.0 million in the year ended november 30, 2014, compared to $17.0 million in the year ended november 30, 2013. in the year ended november 30, 2014, the operating loss in lennar multifamily primarily related to general and administrative expenses, partially offset by the segment's share of gains of $14.7 million as a result of the sale of two operating properties by lennar multifamily unconsolidated entities and management fee income. in the year ended november 30, 2013, the operating loss in lennar multifamily primarily related to general and administrative expenses, partially offset by gross profit on a land sale and management fee income.
corporate general and administrative expenses were $177.2 million, or 2.3% as a percentage of total revenues, in the year ended november 30, 2014, compared to $146.1 million, or 2.5% as a percentage of total revenues, in the year ended november 30, 2013. as a percentage of total revenues, corporate general and administrative expenses improved due to increased operating leverage.
net earnings (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests were ($10.2) million and $25.3 million in the years ended november 30, 2014 and 2013, respectively. net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests in the year ended november 30, 2014 was primarily due to a net loss related to the fdic's interest in the portfolio of real estate loans that we acquired in partnership with the fdic, partially offset by a strategic transaction by one of our lennar homebuilding's consolidated joint ventures that impacted noncontrolling interests by $5.6 million. in the year ended november 30, 2013, net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests were primarily attributable to a transaction by one of our consolidated joint ventures that decreased noncontrolling interests by $17.6 million.
during the year ended november 30, 2014, we had a $341.1 million tax provision related to pre-tax earnings of the period, compared to a $177.0 million net tax provision in the year ended november 30, 2013, which included a tax benefit of $67.1 million for a valuation allowance reversal. our overall effective tax rates were 34.80% and 26.96% for the years ended november 30, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the difference in effective tax rates was primarily related to the reversal of our valuation allowance in the year ended november 30, 2013.
26
2013 versus 2012
revenues from home sales increased 52% in the year ended november 30, 2013 to $5.3 billion from $3.5 billion in 2012. revenues were higher primarily due to a 33% increase in the number of home deliveries, excluding unconsolidated entities, and a 14% increase in the average sales price of homes delivered. new home deliveries, excluding unconsolidated entities, increased to 18,234 homes in the year ended november 30, 2013 from 13,707 homes in the year ended november 30, 2012. there was an increase in home deliveries in all of our homebuilding segments and homebuilding other. the average sales price of homes delivered increased to $290,000 in the year ended november 30, 2013 from $255,000 in the year ended november 30, 2012, driven primarily by an increase in the average sales price of home deliveries in all of our homebuilding segments, primarily due to increased pricing in many of our markets as the market recovery continued. sales incentives offered to homebuyers were $20,500 per home delivered in the year ended november 30, 2013, or 6.6% as a percentage of home sales revenue, compared to $28,300 per home delivered in the year ended november 30, 2012, or 10.0% as a percentage of home sales revenue.
gross margins on home sales were $1,318.3 million, or 24.9%, in the year ended november 30, 2013, compared to gross margins on home sales of $793.3 million, or 22.7%, in the year ended november 30, 2012. gross margin percentage on home sales improved in the year ended november 30, 2013 compared to the year ended november 30, 2012, primarily due to a decrease in sales incentives offered to homebuyers as a percentage of revenue from home sales, an increase in the average sales price of homes delivered and a greater percentage of deliveries from our new higher margin communities (communities where land was acquired subsequent to november 30, 2008) which made up 61% of our 2013 deliveries, partially offset by an increase in materials, labor and land costs.
gross profits on land sales totaled $17.0 million in the year ended november 30, 2013, compared to gross profits on land sales of $10.2 million in the year ended november 30, 2012.
selling, general and administrative expenses were $559.5 million in the year ended november 30, 2013, compared to selling, general and administrative expenses of $438.7 million in the year ended november 30, 2012. selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues from home sales improved to 10.6% in the year ended november 30, 2013, from 12.6% in 2012, due to improved operating leverage as a result of increased absorption per community and more active communities.
lennar homebuilding equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities was $23.8 million in the year ended november 30, 2013, related to our share of operating earnings of lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities, primarily as a result of sales of approximately 500 homesites to third parties by one unconsolidated entity for approximately $204 million, resulting in a gross profit of approximately $67 million. our share of equity in earnings for the year ended november 30, 2013 related to the sales of those homesites was $19.8 million. this compared to lennar homebuilding equity in loss of $26.7 million in the year ended november 30, 2012, primarily related to our share of operating losses of lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities, which included $12.1 million of valuation adjustments primarily related to strategic asset sales at lennar homebuilding's unconsolidated entities.
lennar homebuilding other income, net, totaled $27.3 million in the year ended november 30, 2013, primarily due to management fees and the sale of an operating property by one of our consolidating homebuilding joint ventures that resulted in a $14.4 million of other income (the transaction resulted in a net loss of $3.2 million after considering the impact of noncontrolling interests totaling $17.6 million), partially offset by other expenses. this compared to lennar homebuilding other income, net, of $15.1 million in the year ended november 30, 2012, which included a $15.0 million gain on the sale of an operating property, partially offset by a pre-tax loss of $6.5 million related to the repurchase of $204.7 million aggregate principal amount of our 5.95% senior notes due 2013 through a tender offer.
homebuilding interest expense was $214.3 million in the year ended november 30, 2013 ($117.8 million was included in cost of homes sold, $2.6 million in cost of land sold and $93.9 million in other interest expense), compared to $181.4 million in the year ended november 30, 2012 ($85.1 million was included in cost of homes sold, $1.9 million in cost of land sold and $94.4 million in other interest expense). interest expense increased due to an increase in our weighted average outstanding debt and an increase in deliveries, partially offset by a lower weighted average interest rate compared to the year ended november 30, 2012.
operating earnings for our lennar financial services segment were $85.8 million in the year ended november 30, 2013, compared to operating earnings of $84.8 million in the year ended november 30, 2012. the operating earnings were consistent year over year, which was driven by an increase in profit in the title operations as a result of a higher profit per transaction, offset by a slight decrease in profitability in the mortgage operations.
in the year ended november 30, 2013, operating earnings attributable to lennar for the rialto segment were $19.9 million (which included $26.1 million of operating earnings, offset by $6.2 million of net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests), compared to operating earnings attributable to lennar of $26.0 million (which was comprised of
27
$11.6 million of operating earnings and an add back of $14.4 million of net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests) in the year ended november 30, 2012.
in the year ended november 30, 2013, revenues in the rialto segment were $138.1 million, which consisted primarily of accretable interest income associated with the segment's portfolio of real estate loans, gains from securitization transactions and interest income from the new rmf business and fees for managing and servicing assets, compared to revenues of $138.9 million in the year ended november 30, 2012. revenues decreased primarily due to lower interest income as a result of a decrease in the segment's portfolio of loans, offset by gains from securitization transactions and interest income from rialto's new rmf business.
in the year ended november 30, 2013, expenses in the rialto segment were $151.1 million, which consisted primarily of costs related to its portfolio operations, the new rmf business, loan impairments of $16.1 million primarily associated with the segment's fdic loan portfolio (before noncontrolling interests) and other general and administrative expenses, compared to expenses of $139.0 million in the year ended november 30, 2012, which consisted primarily of costs related to its portfolio operations, loan impairments of $28.0 million primarily associated with the segment's fdic loan portfolio (before noncontrolling interests), and other general and administrative expenses.
in the year ended november 30, 2013, the rialto segment also had equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities of $22.4 million, which primarily included $21.9 million of equity in earnings related to our share of earnings from the rialto real estate funds. this compared to equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities of $41.5 million in the year ended november 30, 2012, which primarily included $17.0 million of net gains primarily related to realized gains from the sale of investments in the portfolio underlying the the alliancebernstein l.p. ("ab") fund formed under the federal government's public-private investment program ("ppip"), $6.1 million of interest income earned by the ab ppip fund and $21.0 million of equity in earnings related to our share of earnings from rialto real estate fund, lp, a real estate investments fund managed by the rialto segment.
in the year ended november 30, 2013, rialto other income, net was $16.8 million, which consisted primarily of net realized gains on the sale of reo of $48.8 million, an $8.5 million gain related to a bargain purchase acquisition which included cash and a loan receivable as consideration, and rental income, partially offset by expenses related to owning and maintaining reo and impairments on reo of $16.1 million. in the year ended november 30, 2012, rialto other expense, net, was $29.8 million, which consisted primarily of expenses related to owning and maintaining reo and impairments on reo, partially offset by net realized gains from sales of reo of $21.6 million and rental income.
our lennar multifamily segment had a start-up operating loss of $17.0 million in the year ended november 30, 2013, compared to an operating loss of $5.9 million in the year ended november 30, 2012. the operating loss in lennar multifamily primarily relates to general and administrative expenses of the segment, partially offset by gross profit on a land sale and management fee income.
in the year ended november 30, 2013, corporate general and administrative expenses were $146.1 million, or 2.5% as a percentage of total revenues, compared to $127.3 million, or 3.1% as a percentage of total revenues, in the year ended november 30, 2012. as a percentage of total revenues, corporate general and administrative expenses improved due to increased operating leverage.
net earnings (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests were $25.3 million and ($21.8) million in the years ended november 30, 2013 and 2012, respectively. net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests for the year ended november 30, 2013 was primarily attributable to a transaction by one of our homebuilding consolidated joint ventures that decreased noncontrolling interests by $17.6 million. net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests for the year ended november 30, 2012 was primarily related to our homebuilding operations and the fdic's interest in the portfolio of real estate loans.
during the years ended november 30, 2013 and 2012, we concluded that it was more likely than not that the majority of our deferred tax assets would be utilized. in 2013, additional positive evidence included actual and forecasted profitability, as well as generating cumulative pre-tax earnings over a rolling four year period including the pre-tax earnings achieved during 2013. accordingly, for the year ended november 30, 2013, we reversed $67.1 million of our valuation allowance primarily against our state deferred tax assets. this reversal was offset by a tax provision of $244.1 million, primarily related to pre-tax earnings during the year ended november 30, 2013, resulting in a $177.0 million provision for income taxes for the year ended november 30, 2013. as of november 30, 2013, our remaining valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets was $12.7 million, which is primarily related to state net operating loss carryforwards that are expected to expire due to short carryforward periods. for the year ended november 30, 2012, we reversed $491.5 million of our valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets. this reversal was partially offset by a tax provision of $25.9 million, primarily related to pre-tax earnings during the year ended november 30, 2012, resulting in a $435.2 million benefit for income taxes for the year ended november 30, 2012. our overall effective tax rates were 26.96% and (178.43%) for the years ended november 30, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the low effective tax rate and the negative effective tax rate were primarily related to the reversal of our valuation allowance and special tax credits taken in the years ended november 30, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
28
during the year ended november 30, 2013, we had significant transactions involving three of our consolidated joint ventures. in the first joint venture transaction, we bought out our 50% partners for $82.3 million, paying $18.8 million in cash and financing the remainder with a short-term note. our consolidated joint venture then contributed certain assets to a new unconsolidated joint venture and brought in a new, long-term partner for $125 million, or a 31.25% interest. additionally, if the new unconsolidated entity meets certain cash flow thresholds, the partner's equity interest in the unconsolidated entity could be decreased to 16.25% or increased to 46.25% with a corresponding increase or decrease in our equity interest percentage. during the year ended november 30, 2013, the new unconsolidated joint venture subsequently distributed $125 million of cash to us as a return of capital.
in the second joint venture transaction, we purchased our partner's interest for $153.2 million and the inventories are now wholly-owned assets, which we plan to develop and build homes. during the year ended november 30, 2013, there was a third joint venture transaction where we paid off the bank debt of the consolidated joint venture and assumed the partner's interest, resulting in the entity becoming wholly-owned.
these transactions did not impact our net earnings for the year ended november 30, 2013 but our consolidated balance sheet as of november 30, 2013 was affected as follows: cash was reduced by approximately $47 million, inventory decreased by approximately $225 million, investments in unconsolidated entities increased by $98 million, deferred tax assets were increased by $40 million, additional paid-in capital (equity) was reduced by $62 million, net of tax, and non-controlling interests were reduced by $134 million.
homebuilding segments our homebuilding operations construct and sell homes primarily for first-time, move-up and active adult homebuyers primarily under the lennar brand name. in addition, our homebuilding operations purchase, develop and sell land to third parties. in certain circumstances, we diversify our operations through strategic alliances and attempt to minimize our risks by investing with third parties in joint ventures.
as of and for the year ended november 30, 2014, we have grouped our homebuilding activities into five reportable segments, which we refer to as homebuilding east, homebuilding central, homebuilding west, homebuilding southeast florida and homebuilding houston. information about homebuilding activities in states in which our homebuilding activities are not economically similar to other states in the same geographic area is grouped under "homebuilding other," which is not considered a reportable segment. reference in this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations to homebuilding segments are to those reportable segments.
at november 30, 2014, our reportable homebuilding segments and homebuilding other consisted of homebuilding divisions located in:
east: florida(1), georgia, maryland, new jersey, north carolina, south carolina and virginia central: arizona, colorado and texas(2)
west: california and nevada southeast florida: southeast florida houston: houston, texas other: illinois, minnesota, oregon, tennessee and washington
(1)   florida in the east reportable segment excludes southeast florida, which is its own reportable segment.
(2)   texas in the central reportable segment excludes houston, texas, which is its own reportable segment.
29
the following tables set forth selected financial and operational information related to our homebuilding operations for the years indicated:
selected financial and operational data years ended november 30,
(in thousands)                              2014                  2013   2012
revenues:
east:
sales of homes                   $2,228,469             1,828,543             1,283,441
sales of land                        19,212                13,619                16,539
total east                        2,247,681             1,842,162             1,299,980
central:
sales of homes                      908,195               736,557               487,317
sales of land                        28,745                 6,918                19,071
total central                       936,940               743,475               506,388
west:
sales of homes                    1,761,762             1,160,842               683,267
sales of land                        34,613                   490                14,022
total west                        1,796,375             1,161,332               697,289
southeast florida:
sales of homes                      686,994               502,175               353,841
sales of land                         5,904                     -                13,800
total southeast florida             692,898               502,175               367,641
houston:
sales of homes                      675,927               604,212               449,580
sales of land                        37,186                36,949                22,043
total houston                       713,113               641,161               471,623
other sales of homes                      578,295               459,743               234,731
sales of land                        59,828                 4,899                 3,580
total other                         638,123               464,642               238,311
total homebuilding revenues      $7,025,130             5,354,947             3,581,232
30
years ended november 30,
(in thousands)                                                             2014                2013                2012
operating earnings (loss):
east:
sales of homes                                                    $341,461             279,561             137,231
sales of land                                                        5,193               1,255               2,472
equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities                      2,254                 678                 542
other income (expense), net                                          2,867              (5,354   )            (166   )
other interest expense                                             (11,667    )        (25,023   )         (26,082   )
total east                                                         340,108             251,117             113,997
central:
sales of homes (1)                                                  81,182              68,743              39,388
sales of land                                                        6,911                 773                 909
equity in loss from unconsolidated entities                           (131    )            (87   )            (514   )
other expense, net (2)                                              (6,971    )         (1,809   )          (1,529   )
other interest expense                                              (5,406    )        (12,417   )         (13,427   )
total central                                                       75,585              55,203              24,827
west:
sales of homes                                                     286,393             190,582              39,941
sales of land                                                       11,851               3,442                 388
equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated entities (3)          (1,647    )         22,039             (25,415   )
other income, net (4)                                                7,652              27,832               2,393
other interest expense                                             (11,530    )        (32,740   )         (31,334   )
total west                                                         292,719             211,155             (14,027   )
southeast florida:
sales of homes                                                     158,951             107,733              65,745
sales of land                                                        3,967                (188   )            (354   )
equity in loss from unconsolidated entities                           (576    )           (152   )            (961   )
other income, net (5)                                                2,318               7,778              15,653
other interest expense                                              (2,697    )         (8,282   )          (9,026   )
total southeast florida                                            161,963             106,889              71,057
houston:
sales of homes (6)                                                  99,066              73,024              43,423
sales of land                                                       10,202              10,749               6,182
equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated entities                 121               2,079                 (35   )
other income (expense), net                                           (201    )           (503   )           1,328
other interest expense                                              (1,566    )         (4,530   )          (4,623   )
total houston                                                      107,622              80,819              46,275
other:
sales of homes                                                      54,357              39,155              28,891
sales of land (7)                                                    3,567               1,010                 650
equity in loss from unconsolidated entities                           (376    )           (754   )            (289   )
other income (expense), net                                          1,861                (598   )          (2,535   )
other interest expense                                              (3,685    )        (10,921   )          (9,861   )
total other                                                         55,724              27,892              16,856
total homebuilding operating earnings                           $1,033,721             733,075             258,985
(1)   sales of homes for the year ended november 30, 2014 included $6.4 million of insurance recoveries and other nonrecurring items.
(2)   other expense, net for the year ended november 30, 2014 included $2.0 million in write-offs of other receivables.
(3)   lennar homebuilding equity in loss for the year ended november 30, 2014 included our share of operating losses of lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities, which included $4.6 million of our share of valuation adjustments related to assets of lennar homebuilding's unconsolidated entities, partially offset by our share of operating earnings of $4.7 million related to third-party land sales
31
by one unconsolidated entity. for the year ended november 30, 2013, lennar homebuilding equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities included our share of operating earnings of $19.8 million primarily related to the sales of approximately 500 homesites to third parties by one unconsolidated entity for approximately $204 million, resulting in a gross profit of approximately $67 million. equity in earnings recognized by us related to the sale of land by our unconsolidated entities may vary significantly from period to period depending on the timing of those land sales and other transactions entered into by our unconsolidated entities in which we have investments. for the year ended november 30, 2012, equity in loss from unconsolidated entities included $12.1 million of our share of valuation adjustments primarily related to strategic asset sales at lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities.
(4)   other income, net for the year ended november 30, 2013, included a $14.4 million gain on the sale of an operating property.
(5)   other income, net for the year ended november 30, 2014 included $1.0 million of valuation adjustments to other assets. other income, net for the year ended november 30, 2012, included a $15.0 million gain on the sale of an operating property.
(6)   sales of homes for the year ended november 30, 2014 included a $5.5 million insurance recovery.
(7)   sales of land for the year ended november 30, 2014 included $1.5 million in write-offs of option deposits and pre-acquisition costs.
summary of homebuilding data deliveries:
years ended november 30, homes
2014                               2013                 2012
east                 7,824                6,941                5,440
central              3,156                2,814                2,154
west                 4,141                3,323                2,301
southeast florida    2,086                1,741                1,314
houston              2,482                2,266                1,917
other                1,314                1,205         676
total               21,003               18,290               13,802
of the total home deliveries above, 32, 56 and 95 represent deliveries from unconsolidated entities for the years ended november 30, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
years ended november 30, dollar value (in thousands)                                            average sales price
2014                                      2013                    2012                    2014                   2013                2012
east                   $2,234,086               1,834,794               1,290,549                $286,000             264,000             237,000
central                   908,195                 736,558                 487,317                 288,000             262,000             226,000
west                    1,775,587               1,190,385                 728,092                 429,000             358,000             316,000
southeast florida         686,994                 502,175                 353,841                 329,000             288,000             269,000
houston                   675,927                 604,212                 449,580                 272,000             267,000             235,000
other                     578,295                 459,743                 234,731                 440,000             382,000             347,000
total                  $6,859,084               5,327,867               3,544,110                $327,000             291,000             257,000
of the total dollar value of home deliveries above, $19.4 million, $35.8 million and $51.9 million represent the dollar value of home deliveries from unconsolidated entities for the years ended november 30, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the home deliveries from unconsolidated entities had an average sales price of $608,000, $639,000 and $547,000 for the years ended november 30, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
sales incentives (1):
years ended november 30,
(in thousands)
2014                                   2013                2012
east                   $176,726             163,039             169,779
central                  71,533              51,557              49,028
west                     59,148              29,542              48,341
southeast florida        54,529              47,504              41,529
houston                  62,935              64,216              62,497
other                    24,286              17,230              17,050
total                  $449,157             373,088             388,224
32
years ended november 30, average sales incentives perhome delivered                           sales incentives as a% of revenue
2014                                     2013                   2012                              2014                 2013                 2012
east                    $22,600                 23,600                 31,300               7.4      %           8.2      %          11.7      %
central                  22,700                 18,300                 22,800               7.3      %           6.5      %           9.1      %
west                     14,300                  9,000                 21,700               3.2      %           2.5      %           6.6      %
southeast florida        26,100                 27,300                 31,600               7.4      %           8.6      %          10.5      %
houston                  25,400                 28,300                 32,600               8.5      %           9.6      %          12.2      %
other                    18,500                 14,300                 25,200               4.0      %           3.6      %           6.8      %
total                   $21,400                 20,500                 28,300               6.2      %           6.6      %          10.0      %
(1)   sales incentives relate to home deliveries during the period, excluding deliveries by unconsolidated entities.
new orders (2):
years ended november 30, homes
2014                               2013                 2012
east                 8,068                7,533                5,868
central              3,473                2,805                2,498
west                 4,516                3,231                2,711
southeast florida    2,055                1,879                1,617
houston              2,643                2,419                2,078
other                1,274                1,176         912
total               22,029               19,043               15,684
of the new orders above, 95, 55 and 98 represent new orders from unconsolidated entities for the years ended november 30, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
years ended november 30, dollar value (in thousands)                                            average sales price
2014                                      2013                    2012                    2014                   2013                2012
east                   $2,303,916               2,066,065               1,438,268                $286,000             274,000             245,000
central                 1,021,839                 763,895                 591,677                 294,000             272,000             237,000
west                    1,956,157               1,243,831                 834,426                 433,000             385,000             308,000
southeast florida         685,536                 576,781                 441,311                 334,000             307,000             273,000
houston                   720,453                 649,472                 505,579                 273,000             268,000             243,000
other                     522,411                 485,699                 333,232                 410,000             413,000             365,000
total                  $7,210,312               5,785,743               4,144,493                $327,000             304,000             264,000
of the total dollar value of new orders above, $56.8 million, $34.8 million and $54.4 million represent the dollar value of new orders from unconsolidated entities for the years ended november 30, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the new orders from unconsolidated entities had an average sales price of $598,000, $632,000 and $556,000 for the years ended november 30, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
(2)   new orders represent the number of new sales contracts executed by homebuyers, net of cancellations, during the years ended november 30, 2014, 2013 and 2012.
33
backlog:
november 30, homes
2014                                     2013            2012
east                2,212           1,968           1,376
central               961             644             653
west                  991             616             708
southeast florida     576             607             469
houston               830             669             516
other                 262             302             331
total               5,832           4,806           4,053
of the total homes in backlog above, 67, 4 and 5 represent homes in backlog from unconsolidated entities at november 30, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
november 30, dollar value (in thousands)                                            average sales price
2014                                      2013                    2012                    2014                   2013                2012
east                     $672,204                 600,257                 368,361                $304,000             305,000             268,000
central                   310,726                 195,762                 168,912                 323,000             304,000             259,000
west                      437,492                 257,498                 202,959                 441,000             418,000             287,000
southeast florida         214,606                 215,988                 141,146                 373,000             356,000             301,000
houston                   225,737                 180,665                 135,282                 272,000             270,000             262,000
other                     113,563                 169,431                 143,725                 433,000             561,000             434,000
total                  $1,974,328               1,619,601               1,160,385                $339,000             337,000             286,000
of the total dollar value of homes in backlog above, $39.8 million, $2.5 million and $3.5 million represent the dollar value of homes in backlog from unconsolidated entities at november 30, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the homes in backlog from unconsolidated entities had an average sales price of $595,000, $624,000 and $704,000 at november 30, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
backlog represents the number of homes under sales contracts. homes are sold using sales contracts, which are generally accompanied by sales deposits. in some instances, purchasers are permitted to cancel sales if they fail to qualify for financing or under certain other circumstances. we do not recognize revenue on homes under sales contracts until the sales are closed and title passes to the new homeowners.
we experienced cancellation rates in our homebuilding segments and homebuilding other as follows:
years ended november 30,
2014                                       2013              2012
east                 17   %            16     %          18     %
central              20   %            18     %          18     %
west                 14   %            15     %          17     %
southeast florida    13   %            12     %          12     %
houston              24   %            21     %          23     %
other                13   %            13     %           8     %
total                17   %            16     %          17     %
34
active communities:
november 30,
2014                               2013        2012
east                233         197         167
central             117         101          74
west                111          80          61
southeast florida    32          30          31
houston              78          79          70
other                54          50          56
total               625         537         459
of the total active communities listed above, 3 communities represent active communities being developed by unconsolidated entities as of november 30, 2014. of the total active communities listed above, 2 communities represent active communities being developed by unconsolidated entities as of both november 30, 2013 and 2012.
deliveries from new higher margin communities (3):
years ended november 30, homes
2014                                             2013                2012
east                 5,533                4,781               3,014
central              2,313                1,356                 884
west                 2,871                2,090               1,375
southeast florida    1,666                1,137                 933
houston              1,177                  756                 330
other                1,076                  962                 343
total               14,636               11,082               6,879
years ended november 30, dollar value (in thousands)                                            average sales price
2014                                      2013                    2012                    2014                   2013                2012
east                   $1,591,060               1,265,141                 687,361                $288,000             265,000             228,000
central                   654,860                 346,917                 201,334                 283,000             256,000             228,000
west                    1,101,430                 649,675                 411,833                 384,000             311,000             300,000
southeast florida         593,798                 374,420                 271,978                 356,000             329,000             292,000
houston                   356,971                 222,641                  75,884                 303,000             294,000             230,000
other                     431,537                 353,496                 134,127                 401,000             367,000             391,000
total                  $4,729,656               3,212,290               1,782,517                $323,000             290,000             259,000
(3)   deliveries from new higher margin communities represent deliveries from communities where land was acquired subsequent to november 30, 2008, and is a subset of the deliveries included in the preceding deliveries table.
35
the following table details our gross margins on home sales for the years ended november 30, 2014, 2013 and 2012 for each of our reportable homebuilding segments and homebuilding other:
years ended november 30,
(in thousands)                                    2014                     2013                     2012
east:
sales of homes                         $2,228,469                1,828,543                1,283,441
cost of homes sold                      1,639,328                1,353,048                  979,219
gross margins on home sales               589,141        26.4%     475,495        26.0%     304,222        23.7%
central:
sales of homes                            908,195                  736,557                  487,317
cost of homes sold                        721,494                  591,611                  390,823
gross margins on home sales               186,701        20.6%     144,946        19.7%      96,494        19.8%
west:
sales of homes                          1,761,762                1,160,842                  683,267
cost of homes sold                      1,305,208                  840,619                  540,982
gross margins on home sales               456,554        25.9%     320,223        27.6%     142,285        20.8%
southeast florida:
sales of homes                            686,994                  502,175                  353,841
cost of homes sold                        473,146                  352,684                  256,672
gross margins on home sales               213,848        31.1%     149,491        29.8%      97,169        27.5%
houston:
sales of homes                            675,927                  604,212                  449,580
cost of homes sold                        504,144                  464,612                  354,981
gross margins on home sales               171,783        25.4%     139,600        23.1%      94,599        21.0%
other sales of homes                            578,295                  459,743                  234,731
cost of homes sold                        460,089                  371,238                  176,154
gross margins on home sales               118,206        20.4%      88,505        19.3%      58,577        25.0%
total gross margins on home sales      $1,736,233        25.4%   1,318,260        24.9%     793,346        22.7%
2014 versus 2013
east: homebuilding revenues increased in 2014, compared to 2013, primarily due to an increase in the number of home deliveries in all the states of the segment, except new jersey and an increase in the average sales price of homes delivered in all the states of the segment, except georgia. the increase in the number of deliveries was primarily driven by an increase in active communities over the last year. the decrease in home deliveries in new jersey was primarily due to the timing of deliveries in certain communities. the increase in the average sales price of homes delivered was primarily because we have been able to increase the sales price of homes delivered and/or reduce sales incentives in certain of our communities as the market recovery continues. the decrease in the average sales price of homes delivered in georgia was primarily driven by a change in product mix due to the timing of deliveries in certain of our communities. gross margin percentage on homes increased, compared to last year, primarily due to an increase in the average sales price of homes delivered and a decrease in sales incentives offered to homebuyers as a percentage of revenues from home sales, partially offset by an 8% increase in direct construction and land costs per home due to an increase in labor, materials and land costs.
central: homebuilding revenues increased in 2014, compared to 2013, primarily due to an increase in the number of home deliveries and in the average sales price of homes delivered in all the states of the segment. the increase in the number of deliveries was primarily driven by an increase in active communities over the last year. the increase in the average sales price of homes delivered was primarily because we have been able to increase the sales price of homes delivered as the market recovery continues. gross margin percentage on homes increased, compared to last year, primarily due to an increase in the average sales price of homes delivered and $6.4 million of insurance recoveries and other nonrecurring items, partially offset by an increase in sales incentives offered to homebuyers as a percentage of revenues from home sales and a 12% increase in direct construction and land costs per home due to increases in labor, material and land costs.
west: homebuilding revenues increased in 2014, compared to 2013, primarily due to an increase in the number of home deliveries and in the average sales price of homes delivered in all the states of the segment. the increase in the number of
36
deliveries was primarily driven by an increase in active communities over the last year. the increase in the average sales price of homes delivered was primarily a result of a change in product mix due to the timing of deliveries and because we have been able to increase the sales price of homes delivered as the market recovery continues. gross margin percentage on homes decreased, compared to last year, primarily due to a 20% increase in direct construction costs per home as a result of a change in product mix due to the timing of deliveries and increases in labor, material and land costs, and an increase in sales incentives offered to homebuyers as a percentage of revenues from home sales. this was partially offset by an increase in the average sales price of homes delivered.
southeast florida: homebuilding revenues increased in 2014, compared to 2013, primarily due to an increase in the number of home deliveries and in the average sales price of homes delivered in this segment. the increase in the number of deliveries was primarily driven by a lower mix of start-up communities, which are earlier in the life cycle of delivering homes than non start-up communities. the increase in the average sales price of homes delivered was primarily because we have been able to increase the sales price of homes delivered and/or reduce sales incentives in certain of our communities as the market recovery continues. gross margin percentage on homes sales increased, compared to last year, primarily due to an increase in the average sales price of homes delivered and a decrease in sales incentives offered to homebuyers as a percentage of revenues from home sales, partially offset by a 6% increase in direct construction and land costs per home due to increases in labor, material and land costs.
houston: homebuilding revenues increased in 2014, compared to 2013, primarily due to an increase in the number of home deliveries in this segment. the increase in the number of deliveries was primarily driven by higher demand as the number of deliveries per active community increased. gross margin percentage on homes sales increased, compared to last year, primarily due to a decrease in sales incentives offered to homebuyers as a percentage of revenues from home sales and a $5.5 million insurance recovery, partially offset by a 2% increase in direct construction and land costs per home due to increases in labor, material and land costs.
other: homebuilding revenues increased in 2014, compared to 2013, primarily due to an increase in the number of home deliveries in oregon and tennessee, which the latter is a new operation, partially offset by a decrease in the number of home deliveries in washington. homebuilding revenues also increased due to an increase in the average sales price of homes delivered in all the states of homebuilding other. the increase in the number of home deliveries in oregon was primarily driven by higher demand as the number of home deliveries per active community increased. the decrease in the number of home deliveries in washington was primarily due to a higher mix of start-up communities, which are earlier in the life cycle of delivering homes than non start-up communities. the increase in the average sales price of homes delivered was primarily because we have been able to increase the sales price of homes delivered in certain of our communities as the market recovery continues. gross margin percentage on homes sales increased, compared to last year, primarily due to an increase in the average sales price of homes delivered, partially offset by an increase in sales incentives offered to homebuyers as a percentage of revenues from home sales and a 14% increase in direct construction and land costs per home due to increases in labor, material and land costs.
2013 versus 2012
east: homebuilding revenues increased in 2013, compared to 2012, primarily due to an increase in the number of home deliveries and in the average sales price of homes delivered in all the states of the segment. the increase in the number of deliveries was primarily driven by an increase in our backlog demand as demand continued to outpace supply, which is constrained by limited land availability and fewer competing homebuilders. the increase in the average sales price of homes delivered was primarily because we have been able to increase the sales price of homes delivered and/or reduce sales incentives in certain of our communities as the market recovery continued. gross margin percentage on homes increased, compared to 2012, primarily due to a greater percentage of deliveries from our new higher margin communities, a decrease in sales incentives offered to homebuyers as a percentage of revenues from home sales and lower valuation adjustments, partially offset by a 9% increase in direct construction and land costs per home due to an increase in labor, materials and land costs.
central: homebuilding revenues increased in 2013, compared to 2012, primarily due to an increase in the number of home deliveries and in the average sales price of homes delivered in all the states of the segment. the increase in the number of deliveries was primarily driven by an increase in our backlog demand as demand continued to outpace supply, which is constrained by limited land availability and fewer competing homebuilders. the increase in the average sales price of homes delivered was primarily because we have been able to increase the sales price of homes delivered and/or reduce sales incentives in certain of our communities as the market recovery continued. gross margin percentage on homes decreased slightly, compared to 2012, primarily due to a 15% increase in direct construction and land costs per home due to increases in labor, material and land costs, partially offset by a greater percentage of deliveries from our new higher margin communities and a decrease in sales incentives offered to homebuyers as a percentage of revenues from home sales.
west: homebuilding revenues increased in 2013, compared to 2012, primarily due to an increase in the number of home deliveries and in the average sales price of homes delivered in all the states of the segment. the increase in the number of
37
deliveries was primarily driven by an increase in our backlog demand as demand continued to outpace supply, which is constrained by limited land availability and fewer competing homebuilders. the increase in the average sales price of homes delivered was primarily because we have been able to increase the sales price of homes delivered and/or reduce sales incentives in certain of our communities as the market recovery continued. gross margin percentage on homes increased, compared to 2012, primarily due to a greater percentage of deliveries from our new higher margin communities and a decrease in sales incentives offered to homebuyers as a percentage of revenues from home sales and lower valuation adjustments, partially offset by a 7% increase in direct construction costs per home due to increases in labor and material costs.
southeast florida: homebuilding revenues increased in 2013, compared to 2012, primarily due to an increase in the number of home deliveries and in the average sales price of homes delivered in this segment. the increase in the number of home deliveries was primarily driven by an increase in our backlog demand as demand continued to outpace supply, which is constrained by limited land availability and fewer competing homebuilders. the increase in the average sales price of homes delivered was primarily because we have been able to increase the sales price of homes delivered and/or reduce sales incentives in certain of our communities as the market recovery continued. gross margin percentage on homes sales increased, compared to 2012, primarily due to greater gross margin percentage in our new higher margin communities and a decrease in sales incentives offered to homebuyers as a percentage of revenues from home sales, partially offset by a 4% net increase in direct construction and land costs per home due to increases in labor and material costs.
houston: homebuilding revenues increased in 2013, compared to 2012, primarily due to an increase in the number of home deliveries and in the average sales price in this segment. the increase in the number of deliveries was primarily driven by an increase in our backlog demand as demand continued to outpace supply, which is constrained by limited land availability and fewer competing homebuilders. the increase in the average sales price of homes delivered was primarily because we have been able to increase the sales price of homes delivered and/or reduce sales incentives in certain of our communities as the market recovery continued. gross margin percentage on homes sales increased, compared to 2012, primarily due to a greater percentage of deliveries from our new higher margin communities and a decrease in sales incentives offered to homebuyers as a percentage of revenues from home sales, partially offset by a 12% increase in direct construction and land costs per home due to increases in labor, material and land costs.
other: homebuilding revenues increased in 2013, compared to 2012, primarily due to an increase in the number of home deliveries and in the average sales price in all the states of homebuilding other, except for illinois, which had insignificant activity and oregon where the average sales price was flat year over year. the increase in the number of deliveries was primarily driven by an increase in our backlog demand as demand continued to outpace supply, which is constrained by limited land availability and fewer competing homebuilders. the increase in the average sales price of homes delivered was primarily because we have been able to increase the sales price of homes delivered and/or reduce sales incentives in certain of our communities as the market recovery continued. gross margin percentage on home sales decreased, compared to 2012, due to a 15% increase in direct construction and land costs per home due to increases in labor, material and land costs, partially offset by a decrease in sales incentives offered to homebuyers as a percentage of revenues from home sales and lower valuation adjustments.
38
lennar financial services segment our lennar financial services reportable segment provides mortgage financing, title insurance and closing services for both buyers of our homes and others. our lennar financial services segment sells substantially all of the loans it originates within a short period in the secondary mortgage market, the majority of which are sold on a servicing released, non-recourse basis. after the loans are sold, we retain potential liability for possible claims by purchasers that we breached certain limited industry-standard representations and warranties in the loan sale agreements.
the following table sets forth selected financial and operational information relating to our lennar financial services segment:
years ended november 30,
(dollars in thousands)                                           2014                  2013                  2012
revenues                                                $454,381               427,342               384,618
costs and expenses                                       374,243               341,556               299,836
operating earnings                                       $80,138                85,786                84,782
dollar value of mortgages originated                  $5,950,000             5,282,000             4,431,000
number of mortgages originated                            23,300                22,300                19,700
mortgage capture rate of lennar homebuyers                    78    %               77   %                77   %
number of title and closing service transactions          90,700               101,200               108,200
number of title policies issued                          220,400               192,400               149,300
rialto segment our rialto reportable segment is a commercial real estate investment, investment management, and finance company focused on raising, investing and managing third-party capital, originating and selling into securitizations commercial mortgage loans as well as investing our own capital in real estate related mortgage loans, properties and related securities. rialto utilizes its vertically-integrated investment and operating platform to underwrite, diligence, acquire, manage, workout and add value to diverse portfolios of real estate loans, properties and securities as well as providing strategic real estate capital. rialto's primary focus is to manage third-party capital and to originate and sell into securitizations commercial mortgage loans. rialto has commenced the workout and/or oversight of billions of dollars of real estate assets across the united states, including commercial and residential real estate loans and properties as well as mortgage backed securities with the objective of generating superior, risk-adjusted returns. to date, many of the investment and management opportunities have arisen from the dislocation in the united states real estate markets and the restructuring and recapitalization of those markets.
rialto's operating earnings were as follows:
years ended november 30,
(in thousands)                                                       2014   2013                2012
revenues                                                    $230,521             138,060             138,856
costs and expenses (1)                                       249,114             151,072             138,990
rialto equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities        59,277              22,353              41,483
rialto other income (expense), net                             3,395              16,787             (29,780   )
operating earnings (2)                                       $44,079              26,128              11,569
(1)   costs and expenses for the years ended november 30, 2014, 2013 and 2012 included loan impairments of $57.1 million, $16.1 million and $28.0 million, respectively, primarily associated with the segment's fdic loans portfolio (before noncontrolling interests).
(2)   operating earnings for the years ended november 30, 2014, 2013 and 2012 included ($22.5) million, $6.2 million and ($14.4) million, respectively, of net earnings (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests.
39
the following is a detail of rialto other income (expense), net:
years ended november 30,
(in thousands)                                                                            2014   2013                2012
realized gains on reo sales, net                                                  $43,671              48,785              21,649
unrealized losses on transfer of loans receivable to reo and impairments, net     (26,107    )        (16,517   )         (11,160   )
reo and other expenses                                                            (58,067    )        (44,282   )         (56,745   )
rental and other income                                                            43,898              20,269              16,476
gain on bargain purchase acquisition                                                    -               8,532                   -
rialto other income (expense), net                                                 $3,395              16,787             (29,780   )
loans receivable in february 2010, our rialto segment acquired indirectly 40% managing member equity interests in two limited liability companies ("llcs"), in partnership with the fdic, which retained 60% equity interest in the llcs, for approximately $243 million (net of transaction costs and a $22 million working capital reserve). the llcs hold performing and non-performing loans formerly owned by 22 failed financial institutions and when our rialto segment acquired its interests in the llcs, the two portfolios consisted of approximately 5,500 distressed residential and commercial real estate loans ("fdic portfolios"). if the llcs exceed expectations and meet certain internal rate of return and distribution thresholds, our equity interest in the llcs could be reduced from 40% down to 30%, with a corresponding increase to the fdic's equity interest from 60% up to 70%. as these thresholds have not been met, distributions continue being shared 60% / 40% with the fdic. during the years ended november 30, 2014 and 2013, the llcs distributed $184.9 million and $46.7 million, respectively, of which $110.9 million and $28.4 million, respectively, was distributed to the fdic and $74.0 million and $18.3 million, respectively, was distributed to rialto, the parent company.
the llcs meet the accounting definition of vies and since we were determined to be the primary beneficiary, we consolidated the llcs. we were determined to be the primary beneficiary because we have the power to direct the activities of the llcs that most significantly impact the llcs' performance through rialto's management and servicer contracts. at november 30, 2014, these consolidated llcs had total combined assets and liabilities of $508.4 million and $21.5 million, respectively. at november 30, 2013, these consolidated llcs had total combined assets and liabilities of $727.1 million and $20.2 million, respectively.
in september 2010, our rialto segment acquired approximately 400 distressed residential and commercial real estate loans ("bank portfolios") and over 300 reo properties from three financial institutions. we paid $310.0 million for the distressed real estate and real estate related assets of which $124 million was financed through a 5-year senior unsecured note provided by one of the selling institutions. as of november 30, 2014 and 2013, there was $60.6 million and $90.9 million outstanding, respectively.
rialto mortgage finance in 2013, rmf was formed and began originating and selling into securitizations five, seven and ten year commercial first mortgage loans, generally with principal amounts between $2 million and $75 million, which are secured by income producing properties. this business has become a significant contributor to the rialto segment's revenues.
during the year ended november 30, 2014, rmf had originated loans with a total principal balance of $1.6 billion and sold $1.3 billion of loans into eight separate securitizations. during the year ended november 30, 2013, rmf had originated loans with a principal balance of $690.3 million and sold $537.0 million of loans into three separate securitizations. as of november 30, 2014 and 2013, $147.2 million and $109.3 million, respectively, of these originated loans were sold into a securitization trust but not settled and thus were included as receivables, net on the rialto segment's consolidated balance sheet.
investments rialto is the sponsor of and an investor in private equity vehicles that invest in and manage real estate related assets. this includes:
•   rialto real estate fund, lp ("fund i") that was formed in 2010 to invest in distressed real estate assets and other related investments to which investors have committed and contributed a total of $700 million of equity (including $75 million by us);
•   rialto real estate fund ii, lp ("fund ii") that was formed in 2012 to invest in distressed real estate assets and other related investments to which investors have committed $1.3 billion (including $100 million by us); and
40
•   rialto mezzanine partners fund (the "mezzanine fund") that was formed in 2013 with a target of raising $300 million in capital (including $27 million committed by us) to invest in performing mezzanine commercial loans that have expected durations of one to two years and are secured by equity interests in the borrowing entity owning the real estate assets.
rialto also earns fees for its role as a manager of these vehicles and for providing asset management and other services to those vehicles and other third parties.
rialto's share of earnings from unconsolidated entities was as follows:
years ended november 30,
(in thousands)                                                     2014               2013   2012
rialto real estate fund, lp                                $30,612             19,391             21,026
rialto real estate fund ii, lp                              15,929              2,523                  -
rialto mezzanine partners fund                               1,913                354                  -
other investments                                           10,823                 85             20,457
rialto equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities     $59,277             22,353             41,483
in 2010, our rialto segment invested in non-investment grade commercial mortgage-backed securities ("cmbs") at a 55% discount to par value. the carrying value of the investment securities at november 30, 2014 and 2013 was $17.3 million and $16.1 million, respectively. our rialto segment classified these securities as held-to-maturity based on its intent and ability to hold the securities until maturity.
lennar multifamily segment we have been actively involved, primarily through unconsolidated entities, in the development of multifamily rental properties. our lennar multifamily segment focuses on developing a geographically diversified portfolio of institutional quality multifamily rental properties in select u.s. markets.
as of november 30, 2014 and 2013, our balance sheet had $268.0 million and $147.1 million, respectively, of assets related to our lennar multifamily segment, which includes investments in unconsolidated entities of $105.7 million and $46.3 million, respectively. our net investment in the lennar multifamily segment as of november 30, 2014 and 2013 was $203.7 million and $105.6 million, respectively. during 2014, our lennar multifamily segment sold two operating properties through unconsolidated entities resulting in $14.7 million lennar multifamily's share of gains included in lennar multifamily equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated entities. our lennar multifamily segment had 26 and 13, unconsolidated entities as of november 30, 2014 and 2013, respectively. as of november 30, 2014, our lennar multifamily segment had interests in 24 communities with development costs of approximately $1.5 billion, of which one community was completed and operating, three communities were partially completed and leasing, 19 communities were under construction and one was under development. our lennar multifamily segment had a pipeline of future projects totaling $4.3 billion in assets across a number of states that will be developed by unconsolidated entities.
financial condition and capital resources at november 30, 2014, we had cash and cash equivalents related to our homebuilding, financial services, rialto and multifamily operations of $1.3 billion, compared to $970.5 million and $1.3 billion at november 30, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
we finance all of our activities including homebuilding, financial services, rialto, multifamily and general operating needs primarily with cash generated from our operations, debt issuances and equity offerings as well as cash borrowed under our warehouse lines of credit and our credit facility.
operating cash flow activities during 2014, 2013 and 2012, cash used in operating activities totaled $788.5 million, $807.7 million and $424.6 million, respectively. during 2014, cash used in operating activities was impacted by an increase in inventories due to strategic land purchases and land development costs, an increase in lennar financial services loans held-for-sale due to increased home deliveries towards the end of 2014 compared to 2013 and an increase in receivables, partially offset by our net earnings and an increase in accounts payable and other liabilities.
during 2013, cash used in operating activities was impacted by an increase in inventories due to strategic land purchases and an increase in rialto loans held-for-sale related to rmf, partially offset by our increased revenues, an increase in accounts payable and other liabilities and a decrease in lennar financial services loans held-for-sale.
41
during 2012, cash used in operating activities was impacted by an increase in lennar financial services loans held-for-sale due to increased home deliveries towards the end of 2012 and an increase in inventories due to strategic land purchases, partially offset by our net earnings (net of our deferred income tax benefit).
investing cash flow activities during 2014, 2013 and 2012, cash provided by investing activities totaled $438.4 million, $689.2 million and $245.3 million, respectively. during 2014, we received $269.7 million of proceeds from the sales of reo, $143.5 million of distributions of capital from lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities, $66.9 million of distributions of capital from lennar multifamily unconsolidated entities, $68.9 million of distributions of capital from rialto unconsolidated entities comprised of $32.5 million distributed by fund i, $9.0 million distributed by fund ii, $16.5 million distributed by mezzanine fund and $10.9 million distributed by other investments, $43.9 million of proceeds from the sale of a lennar homebuilding operating property and $51.9 million of proceeds from the sales of lennar homebuilding investments available-for-sale. this was partially offset by $87.5 million of cash contributions to lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities primarily for working capital, $41.5 million of cash contributions to rialto unconsolidated entities comprised of $7.6 million contributed to fund ii, $18.1 million contributed to the mezzanine fund and $15.8 million contributed to other investments, $30.8 million of cash contributions to lennar multifamily unconsolidated entities primarily for working capital and $21.3 million for purchases of lennar homebuilding investment available-for-sale.
during 2013, our cash provided by investing activities was primarily related to the receipt of $239.2 million of proceeds from the sale of reo and $66.8 million of principal payments on rialto loans receivable. in addition, cash provided by investing activities increased due to $158.1 million of distributions of capital from lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities, primarily related to a distribution from a new unconsolidated joint venture, $42.6 million of distributions of capital from rialto unconsolidated entities, primarily related to fund i, a $223.8 million decrease in rialto's defeasance cash by two consolidated minority-owned llcs to repay a loan from the fdic, and $140.6 million of proceeds from the sale of a lennar homebuilding operating property. this was partially offset by $57.1 million of cash contributions to lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities primarily for working capital and $67.0 million of cash contributions to rialto unconsolidated entities comprised of $50.6 million contributed to fund ii and $16.4 million contributed to the mezzanine fund.
during 2012, our cash provided by investing activities was primarily related to the receipt of $183.9 million of proceeds from the sale of reo, $81.6 million of principal payments on rialto loans receivable and $34.0 million of distributions of capital from lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities. this was offset by $72.6 million of cash contributions to lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities primarily for working capital and debt reduction, $43.6 million of cash contributions to rialto unconsolidated entities and $51.1 million for lennar financial services purchases of held-to-maturity investment securities that mature at various dates within one year.
we are continually exploring various types of transactions to manage our leverage and liquidity positions, take advantage of market opportunities and increase our revenues. these transactions may include the issuance of additional indebtedness, the repurchase of our outstanding indebtedness for cash or equity, the acquisition of homebuilders and other companies, the sale of our assets or lines of business, the issuance of common stock or securities convertible into shares of common stock, and/or pursuing other financing alternatives. in connection with some of our more recently formed businesses, such as rialto and multifamily, and our consolidated joint venture fivepoint communities, we may also consider other types of transactions such as restructurings, joint ventures, spin-offs or initial public offerings. we are exploring opportunities to create a fund, which we would manage and in which we would make an investment, to provide funding for the rental communities we develop. if any of these transactions are implemented, they could materially impact the amount and composition of our indebtedness outstanding, increase our interest expense, dilute our existing stockholders and/or affect the book value of our assets. at november 30, 2014, we had no agreements or understandings regarding any significant transactions.
financing cash flow activities during 2014, 2013 and 2012, our cash provided by (used in) financing activities totaled $661.4 million, ($221.8) million and $326.5 million, respectively. during 2014, our cash provided by financing activities was primarily attributed to the receipt of proceeds related to the sale of $500 million aggregate principal amount of 4.500% senior notes due june 2019, proceeds related to the sale of $350 million aggregate principal amount of 4.50% senior notes due november 2019, proceeds related to the sale of $100 million aggregate principal amount of rialto's 7.00% senior notes due 2018 (the "7.00% senior notes"), $94.4 million of proceeds related to the issuance of rialto's structured note offering (the "structured notes") and net borrowings under our lennar financial services' 364-day warehouse repurchase facilities and our rialto's warehouse repurchase facilities. the cash provided by financing activities was partially offset by the $250.0 million redemption of our 5.50% senior notes due 2014, $299.7 million of principal payments on other borrowings and $155.6 million of payments related to noncontrolling interests.
during 2013, our cash used in financing activities was attributed to $471.3 million of principal payments of our rialto notes payable, $83.8 million of net repayments under our lennar financial services' 364-day warehouse repurchase facilities,
42
$287.4 million of principal payments on other borrowings, the $63.8 million redemption of our 5.95% senior notes due 2013 and $201.7 million of payments related to buyouts of our partners' noncontrolling interests, primarily related to two of our consolidated joint ventures. this was partially offset by the receipt of proceeds related to the sale of $275 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.125% senior notes due 2018, the sale of an additional $225 million aggregate principal amount of our 4.750% senior notes due 2022 and the sale of $250 million aggregate principal amount of rialto's 7.00% senior notes, $76.0 million of net borrowings under rialto's warehouse repurchase facilities related to rmf and $92.6 million of proceeds from other borrowings.
during 2012, our cash provided by financing activities was primarily attributed to the receipt of proceeds related to the sale of $400 million of 4.75% senior notes due 2017, $350 million of 4.750% senior notes due 2022 and the sale of an additional $50 million aggregate principal amount of our 3.25% convertible senior notes due 2021 that the initial purchasers acquired to cover over-allotments. this was partially offset by the partial redemption of our 5.95% senior notes due 2013, principal repayments on rialto's notes payable and principal payments on other borrowings.
during 2013, we exercised certain land option contracts from a land investment venture to which we had sold land in 2007, reducing the liabilities reflected on our consolidated balance sheet related to consolidated inventory not owned by $28.9 million. due to our continuing involvement, the 2007 transaction did not qualify as a sale under gaap; thus, the inventory remained on our balance sheet in consolidated inventory not owned. in 2014, we entered into a new agreement with the joint venture, which required $155.0 million of inventory assets to remain consolidated due to the existence of option contracts on substantially all of the homesites and were reclassified into land and land under development. the remaining $70.3 million of inventory assets no longer under option by us were deconsolidated.
debt to total capital ratios are financial measures commonly used in the homebuilding industry and are presented to assist in understanding the leverage of our lennar homebuilding operations. lennar homebuilding debt to total capital and net lennar homebuilding debt to total capital were calculated as follows:
november 30,
(dollars in thousands)                                              2014                  2013
lennar homebuilding debt                                 $4,690,213             4,194,432
stockholders' equity                                      4,827,020             4,168,901
total capital                                            $9,517,233             8,363,333
lennar homebuilding debt to total capital                      49.3    %             50.2    %
lennar homebuilding debt                                 $4,690,213             4,194,432
less: lennar homebuilding cash and cash equivalents         885,729               695,424
net lennar homebuilding debt                             $3,804,484             3,499,008
net lennar homebuilding debt to total capital (1)              44.1    %             45.6    %
(1)   net lennar homebuilding debt to total capital is a non-gaap financial measure defined as net lennar homebuilding debt (lennar homebuilding debt less lennar homebuilding cash and cash equivalents) divided by total capital (net lennar homebuilding debt plus stockholders' equity). we believe the ratio of net lennar homebuilding debt to total capital is relevant and a useful financial measure to investors in understanding the leverage employed in our lennar homebuilding operations. however, because net lennar homebuilding debt to total capital is not calculated in accordance with gaap, this financial measure should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to financial measures prescribed by gaap. rather, this non-gaap financial measure should be used to supplement the our gaap results.
at november 30, 2014, lennar homebuilding debt to total capital was lower compared to the prior year period, primarily as a result of an increase in stockholder's equity primarily related to our net earnings, partially offset by an increase in lennar homebuilding debt due to the issuance of senior notes.
in addition to the use of capital in our homebuilding, financial services, rialto and multifamily operations, we actively evaluate various other uses of capital. this may include acquisitions of, or investments in, other entities, the payment of dividends or repurchases of our outstanding common stock or debt. these activities may be funded through any combination of our credit facility, warehouse lines of credit, cash generated from operations, sales of assets or the issuance into capital markets of debt, common stock or preferred stock.
43
the following table summarizes our lennar homebuilding senior notes and other debts payable:
november 30,
(dollars in thousands)                 2014   2013
5.60% senior notes due 2015        $500,272               500,527
6.50% senior notes due 2016         249,923               249,886
12.25% senior notes due 2017         396,278               395,312
4.75% senior notes due 2017         399,250               399,250
6.95% senior notes due 2018         248,485               248,167
4.125% senior notes due 2018         274,995               274,995
4.500% senior notes due 2019         500,477                     -
4.50% senior notes due 2019         350,000                     -
2.75% convertible senior notes due 2020         431,042               416,041
3.25% convertible senior notes due 2021         400,000               400,000
4.750% senior notes due 2022         571,439               571,012
5.50% senior notes due 2014               -               249,640
mortgages notes on land and other debt         368,052               489,602
$4,690,213             4,194,432
our lennar homebuilding average debt outstanding was $4.7 billion with an average rate for interest incurred of 5.2% for the year ended november 30, 2014, compared to $4.4 billion with an average rate for interest incurred of 5.1% for the year ended november 30, 2013. interest incurred related to lennar homebuilding debt for the year ended november 30, 2014 was $273.4 million, compared to $261.5 million in 2013. the majority of our short-term financing needs, including financings for land acquisition and development activities and general operating needs, are met with cash generated from operations, proceeds from debt, as well as borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility (the "credit facility").
the terms of each of our senior and convertible senior notes outstanding at november 30, 2014 were as follows:
senior and convertible senior notes outstanding (1)        principal amount        net proceeds (2)            price   dates issued
(dollars in thousands)
5.60% senior notes due 2015        $500,000                $501,400                 (3)        april 2005, july 2005
6.50% senior notes due 2016         250,000                 248,900              99.873   %    april 2006
12.25% senior notes due 2017         400,000                 386,700              98.098   %    april 2009
4.75% senior notes due 2017         400,000                 395,900                 100   %    july 2012, august 2012
6.95% senior notes due 2018         250,000                 243,900              98.929   %    may 2010
4.125% senior notes due 2018 (4)         275,000                 271,718              99.998   %    february 2013
4.500% senior notes due 2019         500,000                 495,725                 (5)        february 2014
4.50% senior notes due 2019         350,000                 347,016                 100   %    november 2014
2.75% convertible senior notes due 2020         446,000                 436,400                 100   %    november 2010
3.25% convertible senior notes due 2021         400,000                 391,600                 100   %    november 2011, december 2011
4.750% senior notes due 2022 (4)         575,000                 567,585                 (6)        october 2012, february 2013, april 2013
(1)   interest is payable semi-annually for each of the series of senior and convertible senior notes. the senior and convertible senior notes are unsecured and unsubordinated, but are guaranteed by substantially all of our 100% owned homebuilding subsidiaries.
(2)   we generally use the net proceeds of the sales for working capital and general corporate purposes, which can include the repayment or repurchase of other outstanding senior notes.
(3)   we issued $300 million aggregate principal amount at a price of 99.771% and $200 million aggregate principal amount at a price of 101.407%.
(4)   during 2013, we incurred additional interest with respect to the 4.125% senior notes due 2018 and to the 4.750% senior notes due 2022 because the registration statements relating to the notes did not became effective by, and the exchange offers were not consummated by, the dates specified in the registration rights agreement related to such notes.
(5)   we issued $400 million aggregate principal amount at a price of 100% and $100 million aggregate principal amount at a price of 100.5%.
44
(6)   we issued $350 million aggregate principal amount at a price of 100%, $175 million aggregate principal amount at a price of 98.073% and $50 million aggregate principal amount at a price of 98.250%.
in september 2014, we retired our $250 million 5.50% senior notes due september 2014 for 100% of the outstanding principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest as of the maturity date.
the 3.25% convertible senior notes due 2021 (the "3.25% convertible senior notes") are convertible into shares of class a common stock at any time prior to maturity or redemption at the initial conversion rate of 42.5555 shares of class a common stock per $1,000 principal amount of the 3.25% convertible senior notes or 17,022,200 shares of class a common stock if all the 3.25% convertible senior notes are converted, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $23.50 per share of class a common stock, subject to anti-dilution adjustments. the shares are included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share. holders of the 3.25% convertible senior notes have the right to require us to repurchase them for cash equal to 100% of their principal amount, plus accrued but unpaid interest on november 15, 2016. we have the right to redeem the 3.25% convertible senior notes at any time on or after november 20, 2016 for 100% of their principal amount, plus accrued but unpaid interest.
the 2.75% convertible senior notes due 2020 (the "2.75% convertible senior notes") are convertible into cash, shares of class a common stock or a combination of both, at our election. however, it is our intent to settle the face value of the 2.75% convertible senior notes in cash. holders may convert the 2.75% convertible senior notes at the initial conversion rate of 45.1794 shares of class a common stock per $1,000 principal amount or 20,150,012 shares of class a common stock if all the 2.75% convertible senior notes are converted, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately $22.13 per share of class a common stock, subject to anti-dilution adjustments. for the years ended november 30, 2014 and 2013, our volume weighted average stock price was $39.96 and $37.06, respectively, which exceeded the conversion price, thus 9.0 million shares and 8.2 million shares, respectively, were included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share.
holders of the 2.75% convertible senior notes have the right to convert them, during any fiscal quarter (and only during such fiscal quarter), if the last reported sale price of our class a common stock for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding fiscal quarter is greater than or equal to 130% of the conversion price on each applicable trading day. holders of the 2.75% convertible senior notes have the right to require us to repurchase them for cash equal to 100% of their principal amount, plus accrued but unpaid interest, on december 15, 2015. we have the right to redeem the 2.75% convertible senior notes at any time on or after december 20, 2015 for 100% of their principal amount, plus accrued but unpaid interest.
for our 2.75% convertible senior notes, we will be required to pay contingent interest with regard to any interest period beginning with the interest period commencing december 20, 2015 and ending june 14, 2016, and for each subsequent six-month period commencing on an interest payment date to, but excluding, the next interest payment date, if the average trading price of the 2.75% convertible senior notes during the five consecutive trading days ending on the second trading day immediately preceding the first day of the applicable interest period exceeds 120% of the principal amount of the 2.75% convertible senior notes. the amount of contingent interest payable per $1,000 principal amount of notes during the applicable interest period will equal 0.75% per year of the average trading price of such $1,000 principal amount of 2.75% convertible senior notes during the five trading day reference period.
certain provisions under accounting standards codification ("asc") 470, debt, require the issuer of certain convertible debt instruments that may be settled in cash on conversion to separately account for the liability and equity components of the instrument in a manner that reflects the issuer's non-convertible debt borrowing rate. we have applied these provisions to our 2.75% convertible senior notes. at issuance, we estimated the fair value of the 2.75% convertible senior notes using similar debt instruments that did not have a conversion feature and allocated the residual value to an equity component that represented the estimated fair value of the conversion feature at issuance. the debt discount of the 2.75% convertible senior notes is being amortized over five years and the annual effective interest rate is 7.1% after giving effect to the amortization of the discount and deferred financing costs. at both november 30, 2014 and 2013, the principal amount of the 2.75% convertible senior notes was $446.0 million. at november 30, 2014 and 2013, the carrying amount of the equity component included in stockholders' equity was $15.0 million and $30.0 million, respectively, and the net carrying amount of the 2.75% convertible senior notes included in lennar homebuilding senior notes and other debts payable was $431.0 million and $416.0 million, respectively. during the years ended november 30, 2014 and 2013, the amount of interest recognized relating to both the contractual interest and amortization of the discount was $27.3 million and $26.5 million, respectively.
currently, substantially all of our 100% owned homebuilding subsidiaries are guaranteeing all our senior notes (the "guaranteed notes"). the guarantees are full and unconditional. the principal reason our 100% owned homebuilding subsidiaries are guaranteeing the guaranteed notes is so holders of the guaranteed notes will have rights at least as great with regard to our subsidiaries as any other holders of a material amount of our unsecured debt. therefore, the guarantees of the guaranteed notes will remain in effect only while the guarantor subsidiaries guarantee a material amount of the debt of lennar corporation, as a separate entity, to others. at any time when a guarantor subsidiary is no longer guaranteeing at least $75 million of lennar corporation's debt other than the guaranteed notes, either directly or by guaranteeing other subsidiaries'
45
obligations as guarantors of lennar corporation's debt, the guarantor subsidiary's guarantee of the guaranteed notes will be suspended. therefore, if the guarantor subsidiaries cease guaranteeing lennar corporation's obligations under our credit facility and our letter of credit facilities and are not guarantors of any new debt, the guarantor subsidiaries' guarantees of the guaranteed notes will be suspended until such time, if any, as they again are guaranteeing at least $75 million of lennar corporation's debt other than the guaranteed notes.
if our guarantor subsidiaries are guaranteeing revolving credit lines totaling at least $75 million, we will treat the guarantees of the guaranteed notes as remaining in effect even during periods when lennar corporation's borrowings under the revolving credit lines are less than $75 million. in addition, a subsidiary will be released from its guarantee and any other obligations it may have regarding the senior notes if all or substantially all its assets, or all of its capital stock, are sold or otherwise disposed of.
at november 30, 2014, we had a $1.5 billion credit facility, which includes a $248 million accordion feature, subject to additional commitments, with certain financial institutions that matures in june 2018. the proceeds available under the credit facility, which are subject to specified conditions for borrowing, may be used for working capital and general corporate purposes. the credit facility agreement also provides that up to $500 million in commitments may be used for letters of credit. as of both november 30, 2014 and 2013, we had no outstanding borrowings under the credit facility. we may from time to time, borrow from and repay the credit facility. consequently, the amount outstanding under the credit facility at the end of the period may not be reflective of the total amounts outstanding during the period. we believe that we were in compliance with our debt covenants at november 30, 2014. in addition, we had $125 million letter of credit facilities with a financial institution and a $140 million letter of credit facility with a different financial institution.
our performance letters of credit outstanding were $234.1 million and $160.6 million at november 30, 2014 and 2013, respectively. our financial letters of credit outstanding were $190.4 million and $212.8 million at november 30, 2014 and 2013, respectively. performance letters of credit are generally posted with regulatory bodies to guarantee the performance of certain development and construction activities. financial letters of credit are generally posted in lieu of cash deposits on option contracts, for insurance risks, credit enhancements and as other collateral.
under the amended credit facility agreement executed in june 2014 (the "credit agreement"), as of the end of each fiscal quarter, we are required to maintain minimum consolidated tangible net worth of approximately $1.5 billion plus the sum of 50% of the cumulative consolidated net income from february 29, 2012, if positive, and 50% of the net cash proceeds from any equity offerings from and after february 29, 2012. we are required to maintain a leverage ratio that shall not exceed 65% and may be reduced by 2.5% per quarter if our interest coverage ratio is less than 2.25:1.00 for two consecutive fiscal calendar quarters. the leverage ratio will have a floor of 60%. if our interest coverage ratio subsequently exceeds 2.25:1.00 for two consecutive fiscal calendar quarters, the leverage ratio we will be required to maintain will be increased by 2.5% per quarter to a maximum of 65%. as of the end of each fiscal quarter, we are also required to maintain either (1) liquidity in an amount equal to or greater than 1.00x consolidated interest incurred for the last twelve months then ended or (2) an interest coverage ratio equal to or greater than 1.50:1.00 for the last twelve months then ended.
the following are computations of our compliance with the minimum net worth test, maximum leverage ratio, and liquidity test, as calculated per the credit agreement as of november 30, 2014:
(dollars in thousands)             covenant level           level achieved as of november 30, 2014
minimum net worth test (1)      $2,248,047                         4,099,856
maximum leverage ratio (2)            65.0      %                       44.2                     %
liquidity test (3)                    1.00                              3.31
46
the terms of the minimum net worth test, maximum leverage ratio and liquidity test used in the credit agreement are specifically calculated per the credit agreement and differ in specified ways from comparable gaap or common usage terms. our minimum net worth test, maximum leverage ratio and liquidity test were calculated for purposes of the credit agreement as of november 30, 2014 as follows:
(1)   the minimum consolidated tangible net worth and the consolidated tangible net worth as calculated per the credit agreement were as follows:
minimum consolidated tangible net worth
(in thousands)                                                                                            as of november 30, 2014
stated minimum consolidated tangible net worth per the credit agreement                                      $1,459,657
plus: 50% of cumulative consolidated net income as calculated per the credit agreement, if positive             788,390
required minimum consolidated tangible net worth per the credit agreement                                    $2,248,047
consolidated tangible net worth
(in thousands)                                                                                    as of november 30, 2014
total equity                                                                                         $5,251,302
less: intangible assets (a)                                                                             (51,246         )
tangible net worth as calculated per the credit agreement                                             5,200,056
less: consolidated equity of mortgage banking, rialto and other designated subsidiaries (b)            (972,494         )
less: lennar homebuilding and lennar multifamily noncontrolling interests                              (127,706         )
consolidated tangible net worth as calculated per the credit agreement                               $4,099,856
(a)intangible assets represent the financial services segment's title operations goodwill and title plant assets.
(b)   consolidated equity of mortgage banking subsidiaries represents the equity of the lennar financial services segment's mortgage banking operations. consolidated equity of other designated subsidiaries represents the equity of certain subsidiaries included within the lennar financial services segment's title operations that are prohibited from being guarantors under the credit agreement. the consolidated equity of rialto, as calculated per the credit agreement, represents rialto's total assets minus rialto's total liabilities as disclosed in note 8 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements as of november 30, 2014. the consolidated equity of mortgage banking subsidiaries, rialto and other designated subsidiaries are included in equity in our consolidated balance sheet as of november 30, 2014.
(2)   the leverage ratio as calculated per the credit agreement was as follows:
leverage ratio:
(dollars in thousands)                                                                                              as of november 30, 2014
lennar homebuilding senior notes and other debts payable                                                               $4,690,213
less: debt of lennar homebuilding consolidated entities (a)                                                               (80,351         )
funded debt as calculated per the credit agreement                                                                      4,609,862
plus: financial letters of credit (b)                                                                                     190,491
plus: lennar's recourse exposure related to lennar homebuilding unconsolidated/consolidated entities, net (c)              43,281
consolidated indebtedness as calculated per the credit agreement                                                        4,843,634
less: unrestricted cash and cash equivalents in excess of required liquidity per the credit agreement (d)                (892,291         )
numerator as calculated per the credit agreement                                                                       $3,951,343
denominator as calculated per the credit agreement                                                                     $8,943,490
leverage ratio (e)                                                                                                           44.2         %
(a)   debt of our lennar homebuilding consolidated joint ventures is included in lennar homebuilding senior notes and other debts payable in our consolidated balance sheet as of november 30, 2014.
(b)   as of november 30, 2014, our financial letters of credit outstanding include $190.4 million disclosed in note 6 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements and $0.1 million of financial letters of credit related to the financial services segment's title operations.
(c)   lennar's recourse exposure related to the lennar homebuilding unconsolidated and consolidated entities, net includes $24.5 million of net recourse exposure related to lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities and $18.8 million of recourse exposure related to lennar homebuilding consolidated entities, which is included in lennar homebuilding senior notes and other debts payable in our consolidated balance sheet as of november 30, 2014.
47
(d)   as of november 30, 2014, unrestricted cash and cash equivalents include $885.7 million of lennar homebuilding cash and cash equivalents, $2.2 million of lennar multifamily cash and cash equivalents and $14.4 million of lennar financial services cash and cash equivalents, excluding cash and cash equivalents from mortgage banking subsidiaries and other designated subsidiaries within the lennar financial services segment.
(e)   leverage ratio consists of the numerator as calculated per the credit agreement divided by the denominator as calculated per the credit agreement (consolidated indebtedness as calculated per the credit agreement, plus consolidated tangible net worth as calculated per the credit agreement).
(3)   liquidity as calculated per the credit agreement was as follows:
liquidity test
(dollars in thousands)                                                                  as of november 30, 2014
unrestricted cash and cash equivalents as calculated per the credit agreement (a)            $890,545
consolidated interest incurred as calculated per the credit agreement (b)                    $269,131
liquidity (c)                                                                                    3.31
(a)   unrestricted cash and cash and cash equivalents at november 30, 2014 for the liquidity test calculation includes $885.7 million of lennar homebuilding cash and cash equivalents, plus $2.2 million of lennar multifamily cash and cash equivalents, plus $14.4 million of lennar financial services cash and cash equivalents, excluding cash and cash equivalents from mortgage banking subsidiaries and other designated subsidiaries within the lennar financial services segment, minus $11.7 million of cash and cash equivalents of lennar homebuilding and multifamily consolidated joint ventures.
(b)   consolidated interest incurred as calculated per the credit agreement for the twelve months ended november 30, 2014 includes lennar homebuilding interest incurred of $273.4 million, plus lennar financial services interest incurred, excluding interest incurred from mortgage banking subsidiaries and other designated subsidiaries within the lennar financial services operations, minus (1) interest incurred related to our partner's share of lennar homebuilding consolidated joint ventures included within lennar homebuilding interest incurred, (2) lennar homebuilding interest income included within lennar homebuilding other income, net, and (3) lennar financial services interest income, excluding interest income from mortgage banking subsidiaries and other designated subsidiaries within the lennar financial services operations.
(c)   we are only required to maintain either (1) liquidity in an amount equal to or greater than 1.00x consolidated interest incurred for the last twelve months then ended or (2) an interest coverage ratio of equal to or greater than 1.50:1.00 for the last twelve months then ended. although we are in compliance with our debt covenants for both calculations, we have only disclosed the detailed calculation of our liquidity test.
our financial services segment's warehouse facilities at november 30, 2014, were as follows:
(in thousands)        maximum aggregate commitment
364-day warehouse repurchase facility that matures december 2014 (1)                $325,000
364-day warehouse repurchase facility that matures january 2015 (2)                 300,000
364-day warehouse repurchase facility that matures february 2015                 150,000
364-day warehouse repurchase facility that matures june 2015 (3)                 150,000
total                $925,000
(1)   in december 2014, our lennar financial services segment amended its 364-day warehouse repurchase facility that matured in december 2014 increasing the maximum aggregate commitment from $325 million to $350 million through the second quarter of fiscal 2015 and to $450 million for the third and fourth quarter of fiscal 2015. the maturity date was extended to december 2015.
(2)   maximum aggregate commitment includes a $100 million accordion feature that is usable 10 days prior to fiscal quarter-end through 20 days after fiscal quarter-end.
(3)   maximum aggregate commitment includes a $50 million accordion feature that is available beginning on the tenth (10th) calendar day immediately preceding the first day of a fiscal quarter through 20 days after fiscal quarter-end.
our lennar financial services segment uses these facilities to finance its lending activities until the mortgage loans are sold to investors and the proceeds are collected. the facilities are expected to be renewed or replaced with other facilities when they mature. borrowings under the facilities and their prior year predecessors were $698.4 million and $374.2 million, at november 30, 2014 and 2013, respectively, and were collateralized by mortgage loans and receivables on loans sold to investors but not yet paid for with outstanding principal balances of $732.1 million and $452.5 million, at november 30, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the combined effective interest rate on the facilities at november 30, 2014 was 2.5%. without the facilities, our lennar financial services segment would have to use cash from operations and other funding sources to finance its lending activities. since our lennar financial services segment's borrowings under the warehouse repurchase facilities are generally repaid with the proceeds from the sale of mortgage loans and receivables on loans that secure those borrowings, the facilities are not likely to be a call on our current cash or future cash resources. if the facilities are not renewed or replaced, the
48
borrowings under the lines of credit will be paid off by selling mortgage loans held-for-sale to investors and by collecting on receivables on loans sold but not yet paid.
as of november 30, 2014 and 2013, rmf had two warehouse repurchase financing agreements that mature in fiscal year 2015 with commitments totaling $650 million and $500 million, respectively, to help finance the loans it makes. rialto uses these warehouse repurchase financing agreements to finance five, seven and ten year commercial first mortgage loans that are originated by rmf, generally with principal amounts between $2 million and $75 million, which are secured by income producing properties. borrowings under these facilities were $141.3 million and $76.0 million as of november 30, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
in november 2013, our rialto segment issued $250 million aggregate principal amount of the 7.00% senior notes, at a price of 100% in a private placement. proceeds from the offering, after payment of expenses, were approximately $245 million. rialto used a majority of the net proceeds of the sale of the 7.00% senior notes as working capital for rmf and used $100 million to repay sums that had been advanced to rmf from lennar to enable it to begin originating and securitizing commercial mortgage loans. in march 2014, the rialto segment issued an additional $100 million of the 7.00% senior notes at a price of 102.25% of their face value in a private placement. proceeds from the offering, after payment of expenses, were approximately $102 million. rialto used the net proceeds of the offering to provide additional working capital for rmf, and to make investments in the funds that rialto manages, as well as for general corporate purposes. interest on the 7.00% senior notes is due semi-annually. at november 30, 2014 and 2013, the carrying amount of the 7.00% senior notes was $351.9 million and $250.0 million, respectively. under the indenture, rialto is subject to certain covenants limiting, among other things, rialto's ability to incur indebtedness, to make investments, to make distributions to, or enter into transactions with, lennar or to create liens, subject to certain exceptions and qualifications. rialto also has quarterly and annual reporting requirements, similar to an sec registrant, to holders of the 7.00% senior notes. we believe rialto was in compliance with its debt covenants at november 30, 2014.
in may 2014, rialto issued $73.8 million principal amount of the structured notes collateralized by certain assets originally acquired in the bank portfolios transaction at a price of 100%, with an annual coupon rate of 2.85%. proceeds from the offering, after payment of expenses and hold backs for a cash reserve, were $69.1 million. in november 2014, rialto issued an additional $20.8 million of the structured notes at a price of 99.5%, with an annual coupon rate of 5.0%. proceeds from the offering, after payment of expenses, were $20.7 million. the estimated final payment date of the structured notes is december 15, 2015. as of november 30, 2014, there was $58.0 million outstanding related to the structured notes.
changes in capital structure we have a stock repurchase program adopted in 2006, which originally authorized us to purchase up to 20 million shares of our outstanding common stock. during the years ended november 30, 2014, 2013 and 2012, there were no share repurchases of common stock under the stock repurchase program. as of november 30, 2014, the remaining authorized shares that can be purchased under the stock repurchase program were 6.2 million shares of common stock.
during the year ended november 30, 2014, treasury stock decreased by 11.6 million shares of class a common stock primarily due to the retirement of 11.7 million shares of class a common stock authorized by our board of directors, partially offset by activity related to our equity compensation plan. during the year ended november 30, 2013, treasury stock decreased by 0.4 million shares of class a common stock due to activity related to our equity compensation plan.
during the years ended november 30, 2014, 2013 and 2012, our class a and class b common stockholders received a per share annual dividend of $0.16.
based on our current financial condition and credit relationships, we believe that our operations and borrowing resources will provide for our current and long-term capital requirements at our anticipated levels of activity.
49
off-balance sheet arrangements lennar homebuilding - investments in unconsolidated entities at november 30, 2014, we had equity investments in 35 homebuilding and land unconsolidated entities (of which 5 had recourse debt, 6 had non-recourse debt and 24 had no debt), compared to 36 homebuilding and land unconsolidated entities at november 30, 2013. historically, we invested in unconsolidated entities that acquired and developed land (1) for our homebuilding operations or for sale to third parties or (2) for the construction of homes for sale to third-party homebuyers. through these entities, we primarily sought to reduce and share our risk by limiting the amount of our capital invested in land, while obtaining access to potential future homesites and allowing us to participate in strategic ventures. the use of these entities also, in some instances, enabled us to acquire land to which we could not otherwise obtain access, or could not obtain access on as favorable terms, without the participation of a strategic partner. participants in these joint ventures have been land owners/developers, other homebuilders and financial or strategic partners. joint ventures with land owners/developers have given us access to homesites owned or controlled by our partners. joint ventures with other homebuilders have provided us with the ability to bid jointly with our partners for large land parcels. joint ventures with financial partners have allowed us to combine our homebuilding expertise with access to our partners' capital. joint ventures with strategic partners have allowed us to combine our homebuilding expertise with the specific expertise (e.g. commercial or infill experience) of our partner. each joint venture is governed by an executive committee consisting of members from the partners.
although the strategic purposes of our joint ventures and the nature of our joint ventures partners vary, the joint ventures are generally designed to acquire, develop and/or sell specific assets during a limited life-time. the joint ventures are typically structured through non-corporate entities in which control is shared with our venture partners. each joint venture is unique in terms of its funding requirements and liquidity needs. we and the other joint venture participants typically make pro-rata cash contributions to the joint venture. in many cases, our risk is limited to our equity contribution and potential future capital contributions. additionally, most joint ventures obtain third-party debt to fund a portion of the acquisition, development and construction costs of their communities. the joint venture agreements usually permit, but do not require, the joint ventures to make additional capital calls in the future. however, capital calls relating to the repayment of joint venture debt under payment or maintenance guarantees generally is required.
under the terms of our joint venture agreements, we generally have the right to share in earnings and distributions of the entities on a pro-rata basis based on our ownership percentage. some joint venture agreements provide for a different allocation of profit and cash distributions if and when the cumulative results of the joint venture exceed specified targets (such as a specified internal rate of return). lennar homebuilding equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated entities excludes our pro-rata share of joint ventures' earnings resulting from land sales to our homebuilding divisions. instead, we account for those earnings as a reduction of our costs of purchasing the land from the joint ventures. this in effect defers recognition of our share of the joint ventures' earnings related to these sales until we deliver a home and title passes to a third-party homebuyer.
in many instances, we are designated as the manager of a venture under the direction of a management committee that has shared power amongst the partners of the unconsolidated entity and we receive fees for such services. in addition, we often enter into option and purchase contracts to acquire properties from our joint ventures, generally for market prices at specified dates in the future. option contracts generally require us to make deposits using cash or irrevocable letters of credit toward the exercise price. these option deposits are generally negotiated on a case by case basis.
we regularly monitor the results of our unconsolidated joint ventures and any trends that may affect their future liquidity or results of operations. joint ventures in which we have investments may be subject to a variety of financial and non-financial debt covenants related primarily to equity maintenance, fair value of collateral and minimum homesite takedown or sale requirements. we monitor the performance of joint ventures in which we have investments on a regular basis to assess compliance with debt covenants. for those joint ventures not in compliance with the debt covenants, we evaluate and assess possible impairment of our investment.
our arrangements with joint ventures generally do not restrict our activities or those of the other participants. however, in certain instances, we agree not to engage in some types of activities that may be viewed as competitive with the activities of these ventures in the localities where the joint ventures do business.
as discussed above, the joint ventures in which we invest generally supplement equity contributions with third-party debt to finance their activities. in some instances, the debt financing is non-recourse, thus neither we nor the other equity partners are a party to the debt instruments. in other cases, we and the other partners agree to provide credit support in the form of repayment or maintenance guarantees.
material contractual obligations of our unconsolidated joint ventures primarily relate to the debt obligations described above. the joint ventures generally do not enter into lease commitments because the entities are managed either by us, or another of the joint venture participants, who supply the necessary facilities and employee services in exchange for market-based management fees. however, they do enter into management contracts with the participants who manage them. some joint
50
ventures also enter into agreements with developers, which may be us or other joint venture participants, to develop raw land into finished homesites or to build homes.
the joint ventures often enter into option or purchase agreements with buyers, which may include us or other joint venture participants, to deliver homesites or parcels in the future at market prices. option deposits are recorded by the joint ventures as liabilities until the exercise dates at which time the deposit and remaining exercise proceeds are recorded as revenue. any forfeited deposit is recognized as revenue at the time of forfeiture. our unconsolidated joint ventures generally do not enter into off-balance sheet arrangements.
as described above, the liquidity needs of joint ventures in which we have investments vary on an entity-by-entity basis depending on each entity's purpose and the stage in its life cycle. during formation and development activities, the entities generally require cash, which is provided through a combination of equity contributions and debt financing, to fund acquisition and development of properties. as the properties are completed and sold, cash generated is available to repay debt and for distribution to the joint venture's members. thus, the amount of cash available for a joint venture to distribute at any given time is primarily a function of the scope of the joint venture's activities and the stage in the joint venture's life cycle.
we track our share of cumulative earnings and cumulative distributions of our joint ventures. for purposes of classifying distributions received from joint ventures in our statements of cash flows, cumulative distributions are treated as returns on capital to the extent of cumulative earnings and included in our consolidated statements of cash flows as cash flow from operating activities. cumulative distributions in excess of our share of cumulative earnings are treated as returns of capital and included in our consolidated statements of cash flows as cash flows from investing activities.
summarized financial information on a combined 100% basis related to lennar homebuilding's unconsolidated entities that are accounted for by the equity method was as follows:
statement of operations and selected information

years ended november 30,
(dollars in thousands)                                                                           2014   2013                      2012
revenues                                                                              $263,395                   570,910                   353,902
costs and expenses                                                                     291,993                   425,282                   418,905
other income                                                                                 -                    14,602                    10,515
net earnings (loss) of unconsolidated entities                                        $(28,598      )            160,230                   (54,488      )
our share of net earnings (loss)                                                       $(1,323      )             32,815                   (27,206      )
lennar homebuilding equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated entities (1)           $(355      )             23,803                   (26,672      )
our cumulative share of net earnings - deferred at november 30                          $6,593                    13,191                     1,621
our investments in unconsolidated entities                                            $656,837                   716,949                   562,234
equity of the unconsolidated entities                                               $2,278,941                 2,513,329                 2,111,173
our investment % in the unconsolidated entities                                             29      %   29                    %   27                    %
(1)   for the year ended november 30, 2014, lennar homebuilding equity in loss from unconsolidated entities related primarily to our share of operating losses of our lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities, which included $4.6 million of valuation adjustments related to assets of lennar homebuilding's unconsolidated entities, partially offset by $4.7 million of equity in earnings as a result of third-party land sales by one unconsolidated entity. for the year ended november 30, 2013, lennar homebuilding equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities included $19.8 million of equity in earnings primarily as a result of sales of homesites to third parties by one unconsolidated entity. for the year ended november 30, 2012, lennar homebuilding equity in loss included $12.1 million of valuation adjustments primarily related to strategic asset sales at lennar homebuilding's unconsolidated entities.
51
balance sheets

november 30,
(in thousands)                                         2014   2013
assets:
cash and cash equivalents                     $243,597               184,521
inventories                                  2,889,267             2,904,795
other assets                                   155,470               147,410
$3,288,334             3,236,726
liabilities and equity:
accounts payable and other liabilities        $271,638               272,940
debt                                           737,755               450,457
equity                                       2,278,941             2,513,329
$3,288,334             3,236,726
as of november 30, 2014 and 2013, our recorded investments in lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities were $656.8 million and $716.9 million, respectively, while the underlying equity in lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities partners' net assets as of november 30, 2014 and 2013 was $722.6 million and $829.5 million, respectively. the basis difference is primarily as a result of us buying an interest in a partner's equity in a lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entity at a discount to book value and contributing non-monetary assets to an unconsolidated entity with a higher fair value than book value.
in fiscal 2007, we sold a portfolio of land to a strategic land investment venture with morgan stanley real estate fund ii, l.p., an affiliate of morgan stanley & co., inc., in which we have a 20% ownership interest and 50% voting rights. due to the nature of our continuing involvement, the transaction did not qualify as a sale under gaap; thus, the inventory remained on our consolidated balance sheet in consolidated inventory not owned. as of november 30, 2013, the portfolio of land (including land development costs) of $241.8 million was also reflected as inventory in the summarized condensed financial information related to lennar homebuilding's unconsolidated entities above. in 2014, we entered into a new agreement with the joint venture, which required $155.0 million of inventory assets to remain consolidated due to the existence of option contracts on substantially all of the homesites and were reclassified into land and land under development. the remaining $70.3 million of inventory assets no longer under option by us were deconsolidated.
the lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities in which we have investments usually finance their activities with a combination of partner equity and debt financing. in some instances, we and our partners have guaranteed debt of certain unconsolidated entities.
debt to total capital of the lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities in which we have investments was calculated as follows:
november 30,
(dollars in thousands)                                               2014                  2013
debt                                                        $737,755               450,457
equity                                                     2,278,941             2,513,329
total capital                                             $3,016,696             2,963,786
debt to total capital of our unconsolidated entities            24.5    %             15.2    %
our investments in lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities by type of venture were as follows:
november 30,
(in thousands)                  2014   2013
land development       $535,960             537,548
homebuilding            120,877             179,401
total investments      $656,837             716,949
52
indebtedness of an unconsolidated entity is secured by its own assets. some unconsolidated entities own multiple properties and other assets. there is no cross collateralization of debt of different unconsolidated entities. we also do not use our investment in one unconsolidated entity as collateral for the debt in another unconsolidated entity or commingle funds among lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities.
in connection with loans to a lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entity, we and our partners often guarantee to a lender, either jointly and severally or on a several basis, any or all of the following: (i) the completion of the development, in whole or in part, (ii) indemnification of the lender from environmental issues, (iii) indemnification of the lender from "bad boy acts" of the unconsolidated entity (or full recourse liability in the event of an unauthorized transfer or bankruptcy) and (iv) that the loan to value and/or loan to cost will not exceed a certain percentage (maintenance or remargining guarantee) or that a percentage of the outstanding loan will be repaid (repayment guarantee).
in connection with loans to an unconsolidated entity where there is a joint and several guarantee, we sometimes have a reimbursement agreement with our partner. the reimbursement agreement provides that neither party is responsible for more than its proportionate share of the guarantee. however, if our joint venture partner does not have adequate financial resources to meet its obligations under the reimbursement agreement, we may be liable for more than our proportionate share, up to our maximum exposure, which is the full amount covered by the joint and several guarantee.
the total debt of lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities in which we have investments, including lennar's maximum recourse exposure, were as follows:
november 30,
(in thousands)                                                                            2014                2013
lennar's net recourse exposure                                                    $24,481              27,496
reimbursement agreements from partners                                                  -              13,500
lennar's maximum recourse exposure                                                $24,481              40,996
non-recourse bank debt and other debt (partner's share of several recourse)       $56,573              61,008
non-recourse land seller debt or other debt                                         4,022              20,454
non-recourse debt with completion guarantees                                      442,854             245,821
non-recourse debt without completion guarantees                                   209,825              82,178
non-recourse debt to lennar                                                       713,274             409,461
total debt                                                                       $737,755             450,457
lennar's maximum recourse exposure as a % of total jv debt                              3    %              9    %
during the year ended november 30, 2014, our maximum recourse exposure related to indebtedness of lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities decreased by $16.5 million, as a result of $1.5 million paid by us primarily through capital contributions to unconsolidated entities and $15.0 million primarily related to the joint ventures selling assets.
the recourse debt exposure in the previous table represents our maximum exposure to loss from guarantees and does not take into account the underlying value of the collateral or the other assets of the borrowers that are available to repay debt or to reimburse us for any payments on our guarantees. the lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities that have recourse debt have a significant amount of assets and equity. the summarized balance sheets of the lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities with recourse debt were as follows:
november 30,
(in thousands)                 2014   2013
assets              $1,669,285             1,656,065
liabilities           $557,261               470,975
equity              $1,112,024             1,185,090
in addition, in most instances in which we have guaranteed debt of a lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entity, our partners have also guaranteed that debt and are required to contribute their share of the guarantee payment. historically, we have had repayment guarantees and maintenance guarantees. in a repayment guarantee, we and our venture partners guarantee repayment of a portion or all of the debt in the event of a default before the lender would have to exercise its rights against the collateral. in the event of default, if our venture partner does not have adequate financial resources to meet its obligation under our reimbursement agreement, we may be liable for more than our proportionate share, up to our maximum recourse exposure, which is the full amount covered by the joint and several guarantee. as of both november 30, 2014 and 2013, we did not have any maintenance guarantees related to our lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities. the maintenance guarantees only apply if the value of the collateral (generally land and improvements) is less than a specified percentage of the loan balance.
53
in connection with many of the loans to lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities, we and our joint venture partners (or entities related to them) have been required to give guarantees of completion to the lenders. those completion guarantees may require that the guarantors complete the construction of the improvements for which the financing was obtained. if the construction is to be done in phases, the guarantee generally is limited to completing only the phases as to which construction has already commenced and for which loan proceeds were used.
if we are required to make a payment under any guarantee, the payment would generally constitute a capital contribution or loan to the lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entity and increase our share of any funds the unconsolidated entity distributes.
as of november 30, 2014, the fair values of the repayment guarantees and completion guarantees were not material. we believe that as of november 30, 2014, in the event we become legally obligated to perform under a guarantee of an obligation of a lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entity due to a triggering event under a guarantee, most of the time the collateral should be sufficient to repay at least a significant portion of the obligation or we and our partners would contribute additional capital into the venture. in certain instances, we placed performance letters of credit and surety bonds with municipalities for our joint ventures (see note 6 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements).
in view of recent credit market conditions, it is not uncommon for lenders to real estate developers, including joint ventures in which we have interests, to assert non-monetary defaults (such as failure to meet construction completion deadlines or declines in the market value of collateral below required amounts) or technical monetary defaults against the real estate developers. in most instances, those asserted defaults are resolved by modifications of the loan terms, additional equity investments or other concessions by the borrowers. in addition, in some instances, real estate developers, including joint ventures in which we have interests, are forced to request temporary waivers of covenants in loan documents or modifications of loan terms, which are often, but not always obtained. however, in some instances developers, including joint ventures in which we have interests, are not able to meet their monetary obligations to lenders, and are thus declared in default. because we sometimes guarantee all or portions of the obligations to lenders of joint ventures in which we have interests, when these joint ventures default on their obligations, lenders may or may not have claims against us. normally, we do not make payments with regard to guarantees of joint venture obligations while the joint ventures are contesting assertions regarding sums due to their lenders. when it is determined that a joint venture is obligated to make a payment that we have guaranteed and the joint venture will not be able to make that payment, we accrue the amounts probable to be paid by us as a liability. although we generally fulfill our guarantee obligations within a reasonable time after we determine that we are obligated with regard to them, at any point in time it is likely that we will have some balance of unpaid guarantee liability. at both november 30, 2014 and 2013, we had no liabilities accrued for unpaid guarantees of joint venture indebtedness on our consolidated balance sheets.
the following table summarizes the principal maturities of our lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities ("jvs") debt as per current debt arrangements as of november 30, 2014 and does not necessarily reflect estimates of future cash payments that will be made to reduce debt balances. many jv loans have extension options in the loan agreements that would allow the loans to be extended into future years.
principal maturities of unconsolidated jvs by period
(in thousands)                                   total jvdebt   2015               2016                2017                         thereafter        otherdebt (1)
maximum recourse debt exposure to lennar       $24,481                1,320               1,629             10,276              11,256                -
debt without recourse to lennar                713,274               11,853             112,585             41,655             542,890                4,291
total                                         $737,755               13,173             114,214             51,931             554,146                4,291
(1)   represents land seller debt and other debt
54
the table below indicates the assets, debt and equity of our 10 largest lennar homebuilding unconsolidated joint venture investments as of november 30, 2014:
(dollars in thousands)                        lennar'sinvestment        total jvassets   maximumrecoursedebtexposureto lennar            totaldebtwithoutrecourseto lennar           total jvdebt        total jvequity       jv debtto totalcapitalratio top ten jvs (1):
heritage fields el toro                        $182,252            1,503,865             11,256                                                 386,608                          397,864            1,004,910                            28   %
central park west holdings                       60,683               57,649             -                                                            -                                -               52,969                 -
newhall land development                         60,657              467,417             -                                         340                                       340                      353,187                 -
runkle canyon                                    56,152              113,653             -                                                            -                                -              112,304                 -
shipyard communities (hunters point)             48,618              399,528             -                                                      221,071                          221,071              150,242                            60   %
ballpark village                                 42,381              140,983             -                                                       47,000                           47,000               92,972                            34   %
treasure island community development            28,690               63,174             -                                                            -                                -               57,411                 -
ms rialto residential holdings                   23,208               88,157             -                                                            -                                -               82,581                 -
krome grove land trust                           21,326               90,622             9,276                                                   19,761                           29,037               58,759                            33   %
willow springs properties                        18,960               34,098             -                                                            -                                -               32,187                 -
10 largest jv investments                       542,927            2,959,146             20,532                                                 674,780                          695,312            1,997,522                            26   %
other jvs                                       113,910              329,188             3,949                                                   34,203                           38,152              281,419                            12   %
total                                          $656,837            3,288,334             24,481                                                 708,983                          733,464            2,278,941                            24   %
land seller debt and other debt                                                          -                                                        4,291                            4,291
total jv debt                                                                            24,481                                                 713,274                          737,755
(1)   all of the joint ventures presented in the table above operate in our homebuilding west segment except for krome groves land trust, which operates in our homebuilding southeast florida segment and willow springs properties, which operates in our homebuilding central segment.
the table below indicates the percentage of assets, debt and equity of our 10 largest lennar homebuilding unconsolidated joint venture investments as of november 30, 2014:
% oftotal jvassets         % of maximumrecourse debtexposure toto lennar         % of totaldebt withoutrecourse tolennar          % oftotal jvequity
10 largest jvs          90   %                                   84                        %                        95                     %              88           %
other jvs               10   %                                   16                        %                         5                     %              12           %
total                  100   %                                  100                        %                       100                     %             100           %
rialto - investments in unconsolidated entities the following table reflects rialto's investments in funds that invest in and manage real estate related assets and other investments:
november 30,         november 30,           november 30,
2014                 2014                   2013
(dollars in thousands)           inception year         equity commitments        equity commitments called         commitment to fund by the company       funds contributed by the company                                  investment rialto real estate fund, lp                2010          $700,006                       $700,006                                $75,000                                 $75,000                    $71,831               75,729
rialto real estate fund ii, lp             2012         1,305,000                        760,058                                100,000                                  58,242                     67,652               53,103
rialto mezzanine partners fund             2013           251,100                        188,600                                 27,299                                  20,504                     20,226               16,724
other investments                                                                                                                                                                                   15,991                9,017
$175,700              154,573
55
rialto's share of earnings from unconsolidated entities was as follows:
years ended november 30,
(in thousands)                                                     2014               2013   2012
rialto real estate fund, lp                                $30,612             19,391             21,026
rialto real estate fund ii, lp                              15,929              2,523                  -
rialto mezzanine partners fund                               1,913                354                  -
other investments                                           10,823                 85             20,457
rialto equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities     $59,277             22,353             41,483
as manager of fund i, we are entitled to receive additional revenue through a carried interest if fund i meets certain performance thresholds. if fund i had ceased operations and liquidated all its investments at their estimated fair values on november 30, 2014, we would have received $110.0 million with regard to our carried interest. however, fund i did not cease operations and liquidate its investments on november 30, 2014, and therefore the ultimate sum we will receive with regard to our carried interest in fund i may be substantially higher or lower than $110.0 million. during the year ended november 30, 2014, rialto received a $34.7 million advanced tax distribution with regard to its carried interest in order to cover the income tax obligation, which resulted from allocations of taxable income to rialto's general partner interest.
in addition to the acquisition and management of the fdic and bank portfolios, an affiliate in the rialto segment was a sub-advisor to the alliancebernstein l.p. ("ab") fund formed under the federal government's public-private investment program ("ppip") to purchase real estate related securities from banks and other financial institutions. the sub-advisor received management fees for sub-advisory services. at the end of 2012, the ab ppip fund finalized the last sales of the underlying securities in the fund and made substantially all of the final liquidating distributions to the partners, including us. as our role as sub-advisor to the ab ppip fund has been completed, no further management fees will be received for these services. during the year ended november 30, 2012, we contributed $1.9 million and received distributions of $87.6 million. of the distributions received during the year ended november 30, 2012, $83.5 million related to the unwinding of the ab ppip fund's operations. during the year ended november 30, 2013, we also earned $9.1 million in fees from the segment's role as a sub-advisor to the ab ppip fund, which were included in rialto revenues.
summarized condensed financial information on a combined 100% basis related to rialto's investments in unconsolidated entities that are accounted for by the equity method was as follows:
balance sheet november 30,
(in thousands)                                         2014   2013
assets:
cash and cash equivalents                     $141,609               332,968
loans receivable                               512,034               523,249
real estate owned                              378,702               285,565
investment securities                          795,306               381,555
investments in partnerships                    311,037               149,350
other assets                                    45,451               191,624
$2,184,139             1,864,311
liabilities and equity:
accounts payable and other liabilities         $20,573               108,514
notes payable                                  395,654               398,445
partner loans                                        -               163,940
equity                                       1,767,912             1,193,412
$2,184,139             1,864,311
56
statements of operations years ended november 30,
(in thousands)                                                       2014   2013                2012
revenues                                                    $150,452             251,533             414,027
costs and expenses                                            95,629             252,563             243,483
other income, net (1)                                        479,929             187,446             713,710
net earnings of unconsolidated entities                     $534,752             186,416             884,254
rialto equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities       $59,277              22,353              41,483
(1)   other income, net for the year ended november 30, 2014 included fund i, fund ii, mezzanine fund and other investments realized and unrealized gains on investments as well as other income from reo. other income, net for the year ended november 30, 2013 included fund i, fund ii and other investments realized and unrealized gains on investments as well as other income from reo. other income, net for the year ended november 30, 2012 included the ab ppip fund's mark-to-market unrealized gains and losses, and realized gains from the sale of investments in the portfolio underlying the ab ppip fund, all of which the company's portion was a small percentage.
in 2010, the rialto segment invested in non-investment grade cmbs at a 55% discount to par value. the carrying value of the investment securities at november 30, 2014 and 2013 was $17.3 million and $16.1 million, respectively. these securities bear interest at a coupon rate of 4% and have a stated and assumed final distribution date of november 2020 and a stated maturity date of october 2057. the rialto segment classified these securities as held-to-maturity based on its intent and ability to hold the securities until maturity.
in january 2014, the rialto segment acquired 100% of the loan servicing business segment of a financial services company (the "servicer provider") in which a subsidiary of rialto had an approximately 5% investment, in exchange for its investment interest. the servicer provider has a business segment that provides service and infrastructure to the residential home loan market, which provides loan servicing support for all of rialto's owned and managed portfolios and asset management services for rialto's small balance loan program. at acquisition date, the fair value of the assets acquired was $20.8 million, the goodwill recorded was $5.1 million and the fair value of the liabilities assumed was $17.6 million. as of november 30, 2013, the carrying value of the investment in the servicer provider was $8.3 million.
lennar multifamily - investments in unconsolidated entities at november 30, 2014 and 2013, we had equity investments in 26 and 13 unconsolidated entities, respectively, (all of which had non-recourse debt). we invest in unconsolidated entities that acquire and develop land to construct multifamily rental properties. through these entities, we are focusing on developing a geographically diversified portfolio of institutional quality multifamily rental properties in select u.s. markets. participants in these joint ventures have been financial partners. joint ventures with financial partners have allowed us to combine our development and construction expertise with access to our partners' capital. each joint venture is governed by an operating agreement that provides significant substantive participating voting rights on major decisions to our partners.
the joint ventures are typically structured through non-corporate entities in which control is shared with our venture partners. each joint venture is unique in terms of its funding requirements and liquidity needs. we and the other joint venture participants typically make pro-rata cash contributions to the joint venture except for cost overruns relating to the construction of the project. in all cases, we have been required to provide guarantees of completion and cost over-runs to the lenders and partners. these completion guarantees may require us to complete the improvements for which the financing was obtained. therefore, our risk is limited to our equity contribution, draws on letters of credit and potential future payments under the guarantees of completion and cost over-runs. in certain instances, payments made under the cost over-run guarantee is considered a capital contribution.
additionally, the joint ventures obtain third-party debt to fund a portion of the acquisition, development and construction costs of the rental projects. the joint venture agreements usually permit, but do not require, the joint ventures to make additional capital calls in the future. however, the joint venture debt does not have payment or maintenance guarantees. neither we nor the other equity partners are a party to the debt instruments. in some cases, we agree to provide credit support in the form of a letter of credit provided to the bank.
we regularly monitor the results of our unconsolidated joint ventures and any trends that may affect their future liquidity or results of operations. we also monitor the performance of joint ventures in which we have investments on a regular basis to assess compliance with debt covenants. for those joint ventures not in compliance with the debt covenants, we evaluate and assess possible impairment of our investment. all of the joint ventures were in compliance with their debt covenants at november 30, 2014.
under the terms of our joint venture agreements, we generally have the right to share in earnings and distributions of the entities on a pro-rata basis based on our ownership percentages. most joint venture agreements provide for a different
57
allocation of profit and cash distributions if and when the cumulative results of the joint venture exceed specified targets (such as a specified internal rate of return).
in many instances, we are designated as the development manager and/or the general contractor of the unconsolidated entity and receive fees for such services. in addition, we do not plan to enter into option and purchase contracts to acquire properties from our joint ventures.
our arrangements with joint ventures generally do not restrict our activities or those of the other participants. however, in certain instances, we agree not to engage in some types of activities that may be viewed as competitive with the activities of these ventures in the localities where the joint ventures do business.
material contractual obligations of our unconsolidated joint ventures primarily relate to the debt obligations described above. the joint ventures generally do not enter into lease commitments because the entities are managed either by us or the other partners, who supply the necessary facilities and employee services in exchange for market-based management fees. however, they do enter into management contracts with the participants who manage them.
as described above, the liquidity needs of joint ventures in which we have investments vary on an entity-by-entity basis depending on each entity's purpose and the stage in its life cycle. during formation and development activities, the entities generally require cash, which is provided through a combination of equity contributions and debt financing, to fund acquisition, development and construction of multifamily rental properties. as the properties are completed and sold, cash generated will be available to repay debt and for distribution to the joint venture's members. thus, the amount of cash available for a joint venture to distribute at any given time is primarily a function of the scope of the joint venture's activities and the stage in the joint venture's life cycle.
we track our share of cumulative earnings and cumulative distributions of our joint ventures. for purposes of classifying distributions received from joint ventures in our statements of cash flows, cumulative distributions are treated as returns on capital to the extent of cumulative earnings and included in our consolidated statements of cash flows as cash flows from operating activities. cumulative distributions in excess of our share of cumulative earnings are treated as returns of capital and included in our consolidated statements of cash flows as cash flows from investing activities.
summarized financial information on a combined 100% basis related to lennar multifamily's unconsolidated entities that are accounted for by the equity method was as follows:
balance sheet november 30,
(in thousands)                                       2014   2013
assets:
cash and cash equivalents                    $25,319               5,800
operating properties and equipment           637,259             236,528
other assets                                  14,742               3,460
$677,320             245,788
liabilities and equity:
accounts payable and other liabilities       $87,151              11,147
notes payable                                163,376              51,604
equity                                       426,793             183,037
$677,320             245,788
58
statements of operations and selected information years ended november 30,
(in thousands)                                                                              2014                2013               2012
revenues                                                                             $4,855                   -                  -
costs and expenses                                                                    7,435               1,493                 29
other income, net (1)                                                                35,068                   -                  -
net earnings (loss) of unconsolidated entities                                      $32,488              (1,493    )           (29    )
lennar multifamily equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated entities (2)       $14,454                (271    )            (4    )
our investments in unconsolidated entities                                         $105,674              46,301              3,126
equity of the unconsolidated entities                                              $426,793             183,037             18,872
our investment % in the unconsolidated entities                                          25    %             25    %            17    %
(1)   other income, net, included the gains related to the sale of two operating properties during the year ended november 30, 2014.
(2)   for the year ended november 30, 2014, lennar multifamily equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities included lennar multifamily's share of gains totaling $14.7 million related to the sale of two operating properties by unconsolidated entities. our share of profits and cash distributions from the sales of the two operating properties was higher compared to our ownership interests in the two unconsolidated entities due to the achievement of specified internal rate of return milestones.
option contracts we have access to land through option contracts, which generally enables us to control portions of properties owned by third parties (including land funds) and unconsolidated entities until we have determined whether to exercise the option.
a majority of our option contracts require a non-refundable cash deposit or irrevocable letter of credit based on a percentage of the purchase price of the land. until recently, these option deposits generally have approximated 10% of the exercise price. sometimes, we are required to undertake property development during the option period, which increases the amounts we lose if we do no exercise particular options. our option contracts sometimes include price adjustment provisions, which adjust the purchase price of the land to its approximate fair value at the time of acquisition or are based on fair value at the time of takedown. the exercise periods of our option contracts generally range from one to ten years.
our investments in option contracts are recorded at cost unless those investments are determined to be impaired, in which case our investments are written down to fair value. we review option contracts for indicators of impairment during each reporting period. the most significant indicator of impairment is a decline in the fair value of the optioned property such that the purchase and development of the optioned property would no longer meet our targeted return on investment. such declines could be caused by a variety of factors including increased competition, decreases in demand or changes in local regulations that adversely impact the cost of development. changes in any of these factors would cause us to re-evaluate the likelihood of exercising our land options.
some option contracts contain a predetermined take-down schedule for the optioned land parcels. however, in almost all instances, we are not required to purchase land in accordance with those take-down schedules. in substantially all instances, we have the right and ability to not exercise our option and forfeit our deposit without further penalty, other than termination of the option and loss of any unapplied portion of our deposit and pre-acquisition costs. therefore, in substantially all instances, we do not consider the take-down price to be a firm contractual obligation.
when we intend not to exercise an option, we write-off any deposit and pre-acquisition costs associated with the option contract. for the years ended november 30, 2014, 2013 and 2012, we wrote-off $4.6 million, $1.9 million and $2.4 million, respectively, of option deposits and pre-acquisition costs related to homesites under option that we do not intend to purchase.
59
the table below indicates the number of homesites owned and homesites to which we had access through option contracts with third parties ("optioned") or unconsolidated jvs (i.e., controlled homesites) at november 30, 2014 and 2013:
controlled homesites november 30, 2014        optioned               jvs              total      ownedhomesites      totalhomesites east                 9,649                  93              9,742         45,489              55,231
central              5,582               1,135              6,717         20,704              27,421
west                 2,867               5,358              8,225         38,222              46,447
southeast florida    2,860                 446              3,306          9,507              12,813
houston              1,746                   3              1,749         11,788              13,537
other                2,151                   -              2,151          6,969               9,120
total homesites     24,855               7,035             31,890        132,679             164,569
controlled homesites november 30, 2013        optioned               jvs              total      ownedhomesites      totalhomesites east                 6,364                 172              6,536         41,660              48,196
central              6,837               1,135              7,972         20,297              28,269
west                 2,794               5,471              8,265         35,609              43,874
southeast florida    1,270                 326              1,596          8,757              10,353
houston              2,035                  63              2,098         12,075              14,173
other                1,666                   -              1,666          7,245               8,911
total homesites     20,966               7,167             28,133        125,643             153,776
we evaluate all option contracts for land to determine whether they are vies and, if so, whether we are the primary beneficiary of certain of these option contracts. although we do not have legal title to the optioned land, if we are deemed to be the primary beneficiary or make a significant deposit for optioned land, we may need to consolidate the land under option at the purchase price of the optioned land. due to the new agreement with morgan stanley & co., inc., $155.0 million of consolidated inventory not owned was reclassified to land and land under development and $70.3 million of consolidated inventory not owned was deconsolidated during the year ended november 30, 2014.
in addition to this transaction, during the year ended november 30, 2014, consolidated inventory not owned decreased by $182.4 million with a corresponding decrease to liabilities related to consolidated inventory not owned in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of november 30, 2014. the decrease was primarily due to the purchase of land that was the subject of a previously consolidated option contract. to reflect the purchase price of the inventory consolidated, we had a net reclass related to option deposits from consolidated inventory not owned to land under development in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of november 30, 2014. the liabilities related to consolidated inventory not owned primarily represent the difference between the option exercise prices for the optioned land and our cash deposits.
our exposure to loss related to our option contracts with third parties and unconsolidated entities consisted of our non-refundable option deposits and pre-acquisition costs totaling $85.6 million and $129.2 million at november 30, 2014 and 2013, respectively. additionally, we had posted $34.5 million and $29.9 million of letters of credit in lieu of cash deposits under certain option contracts as of november 30, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
60
contractual obligations and commercial commitments the following table summarizes certain of our contractual obligations at november 30, 2014:
payments due by period
(in thousands)                                                               total       less than1 year              1 to 3years              3 to 5years        more than5 years lennar homebuilding - senior notes and other debts payable (1)      $4,690,213         659,378                    829,906                1,776,470                1,424,459
lennar financial services - notes and other debts payable              704,143         698,446                      5,697                        -                -
rialto - notes and other debts payable (2)                             623,246         144,665                    125,467                  353,114                -
interest commitments under interest bearing debt (3)                 1,016,560         259,522                    412,249                  217,886                126,903
operating leases                                                       137,114          34,358                     52,219                   33,879                16,658
other contractual obligations (4)                                      162,553         162,553                          -                        -                -
total contractual obligations (5)                                   $7,333,829       1,958,922                  1,425,538                2,381,349                1,568,020
(1)   some of the senior notes and other debts payable are convertible senior notes, which have been included in this table based on maturity dates, but they are putable to, or callable by, us at earlier dates than the maturity dates disclosed in this table. the puts are described in the detail description of each of the convertible senior notes in the financial condition and capital resources section of this m,d&amp;a.
(2)   amount includes notes payable and other debts payable of $351.9 million related to rialto's 7.00% senior notes, $60.6 million related to rialto's 5-year senior unsecured note, $141.3 million related to the rmf warehouse repurchase financing agreements and $58.0 million related to rialto's structured notes with an estimated final payment date of december 15, 2015.
(3)   interest commitments on variable interest-bearing debt are determined based on the interest rate as of november 30, 2014.
(4)   amount includes $41.8 million of commitments to fund rialto's fund ii, $6.8 million of commitments to fund rialto's mezzanine fund, $44.0 million of commitments to fund loans to rmf and $70.0 million of remaining commitments to fund a homebuilding unconsolidated entity that was formed in 2013 for further expenses up until the unconsolidated entity obtains permanent financing.
(5)   total contractual obligations excludes our gross unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest and penalties totaling $38.7 million as of november 30, 2014, because we are unable to make reasonable estimates as to the period of cash settlement with the respective taxing authorities.
we are subject to the usual obligations associated with entering into contracts (including option contracts) for the purchase, development and sale of real estate in the routine conduct of our business. option contracts for the purchase of land generally enable us to defer acquiring portions of properties owned by third parties and unconsolidated entities until we have determined whether to exercise our options. this reduces our financial risk associated with land holdings. at november 30, 2014, we had access to 31,890 homesites through option contracts with third parties and unconsolidated entities in which we have investments. at november 30, 2014, we had $85.6 million of non-refundable option deposits and pre-acquisition costs related to certain of these homesites and had posted $34.5 million of letters of credit in lieu of cash deposits under certain option contracts.
at november 30, 2014, we had letters of credit outstanding in the amount of $424.6 million (which included the $34.5 million of letters of credit discussed above). these letters of credit are generally posted either with regulatory bodies to guarantee our performance of certain development and construction activities, or in lieu of cash deposits on option contracts, for insurance risks, credit enhancements and as other collateral. additionally, at november 30, 2014, we had outstanding performance and surety bonds related to site improvements at various projects (including certain projects of our joint ventures) of $923.3 million. although significant development and construction activities have been completed related to these site improvements, these bonds are generally not released until all of the development and construction activities are completed. as of november 30, 2014, there were approximately $363.7 million, or 39%, of costs to complete related to these site improvements. we do not presently anticipate any draws upon these bonds, but if any such draws occur, we do not believe they would have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
our lennar financial services segment had a pipeline of loan applications in process of $1.5 billion at november 30, 2014. loans in process for which interest rates were committed to the borrowers totaled approximately $395.2 million as of november 30, 2014. substantially all of these commitments were for periods of 60 days or less. since a portion of these commitments is expected to expire without being exercised by the borrowers or borrowers may not meet certain criteria at the time of closing, the total commitments do not necessarily represent future cash requirements.
our lennar financial services segment uses mandatory mortgage-backed securities ("mbs") forward commitments, option contracts and investor commitments to hedge our mortgage-related interest rate exposure. these instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk. credit risk associated with mbs forward commitments, option contracts and loan sales transactions is managed by limiting our counterparties to investment banks, federally regulated bank affiliates and other investors meeting our credit standards. our risk, in the event of default by the purchaser, is the difference
61
between the contract price and fair value of the mbs forward commitments and option contracts. at november 30, 2014, we had open commitments amounting to $771.0 million to sell mbs with varying settlement dates through february 2015.
the following sections discuss market and financing risk, seasonality and interest rates and changing prices that may have an impact on our business:
market and financing risk we finance our contributions to jvs, land acquisition and development activities, construction activities, financial services activities, rialto activities, lennar multifamily activities and general operating needs primarily with cash generated from operations, debt and equity issuances, as well as borrowings under our credit facility and warehouse repurchase facilities. we also purchase land under option agreements, which enables us to control homesites until we have determined whether to exercise the option. we tried to manage the financial risks of adverse market conditions associated with land holdings by what we believed to be prudent underwriting of land purchases in areas we viewed as desirable growth markets, careful management of the land development process and, until recent years, limitation of risks by using partners to share the costs of purchasing and developing land as well as obtaining access to land through option contracts. although we believed our land underwriting standards were conservative, we did not anticipate the severe decline in land values and the sharply reduced demand for new homes encountered from 2007 to 2010.
seasonality we historically have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, variability in quarterly results. our homebuilding business is seasonal in nature and generally reflects higher levels of new home order activity in our second fiscal quarter and increased deliveries in the second half of our fiscal year. however, periods of economic downturn in the industry, such as we have experienced in previous years, will typically alter seasonal patterns.
interest rates and changing prices inflation can have a long-term impact on us because increasing costs of land, materials and labor result in a need to increase the sales prices of homes. in addition, inflation is often accompanied by higher interest rates, which can have a negative impact on housing demand and the costs of financing land development activities and housing construction. rising interest rates as well as increased materials and labor costs, may reduce gross margins. an increase in material and labor costs is particularly a problem during a period of declining home prices. conversely, deflation can impact the value of real estate and make it difficult for us to recover our land costs. therefore, either inflation or deflation could adversely impact our future results of operations.
new accounting pronouncements see note 1 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements for a comprehensive list of new accounting pronouncements.
critical accounting policies and estimates our accounting policies are more fully described in note 1 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this document. as discussed in note 1, the preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america requires management to make estimates and assumptions about future events that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. future events and their effects cannot be determined with absolute certainty. therefore, the determination of estimates requires the exercise of judgment. actual results could differ from those estimates, and such differences may be material to our consolidated financial statements. listed below are those policies and estimates that we believe are critical and require the use of significant judgment in their application.
valuation of deferred tax assets we record income taxes under the asset and liability method, whereby deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and attributable to operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply in the years in which the temporary differences are expected to be recovered or paid. the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in earnings in the period when the changes are enacted. interest related to unrecognized tax benefits is recognized in the financial statements as a component of income tax expense.
62
a reduction of the carrying amounts of deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance is required if, based on the available evidence, it is more likely than not that such assets will not be realized. accordingly, the need to establish valuation allowances for deferred tax assets is assessed each reporting period by us based on the consolidation of all available positive and negative evidence using a "more-likely-than-not" standard with respect to whether deferred tax assets will be realized. this assessment considers, among other matters, the nature, frequency and severity of current and cumulative losses, actual earnings, forecasts of future profitability, the duration of statutory carryforward periods, our experience with loss carryforwards not expiring unused and tax planning alternatives.
we believe that the accounting estimate for the valuation of deferred tax assets is a critical accounting estimate because of the judgment required in assessing the likely future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns. we base our estimate of deferred tax assets and liabilities on current tax laws and rates and, in certain cases, business plans and other expectations about future outcomes. changes in existing tax laws or rates could affect actual tax results and future business results, which may affect the amount of deferred tax liabilities or the valuation of deferred tax assets over time. our accounting for deferred tax consequences represents our best estimate of future events.
goodwill at november 30, 2014 and 2013, our goodwill was $44.3 million and $34.0 million. goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price paid over the fair value of the net assets acquired in business combinations. evaluating goodwill for impairment involves the determination of the fair value of our reporting units in which we have recorded goodwill. a reporting unit is a component of an operating segment for which discrete financial information is available and reviewed by management on a regular basis. inherent in the determination of fair value of our reporting units are certain estimates and judgments, including the interpretation of current economic indicators and market valuations as well as our strategic plans with regard to our operations. to the extent additional information arises or our strategies change, it is possible that our conclusion regarding goodwill impairment could change, which could have a material effect on our financial position and results of operations. for these reasons, we believe that the accounting estimate related to goodwill impairment is a critical accounting estimate.
we review goodwill annually (or whenever indicators of impairment exist) for impairment. we evaluated the carrying value of our lennar financial services and rialto segments' goodwill in the fourth quarter of 2014. we estimated the fair value of our lennar financial services title and and mortgage operations and rialto operations based on the income approach and concluded that a goodwill impairment was not required for 2014. during the years ended november 30, 2014, 2013 and 2012, we did not record goodwill impairment charges.
the income approach establishes fair value by methods which discount or capitalize earnings and/or cash flow by a discount or capitalization rate that reflects market rate of return expectations, market conditions and the risk of the relative investment. we used a discounted cash flow method when applying the income approach. this analysis includes operating income, interest expense, taxes and incremental working capital as well as other factors. the projections used in the analysis are for a five-year period and represent what we consider to be normalized earnings.
in determining the fair value of our lennar financial services title and mortgage operations and rialto operations under the income approach, our expected cash flows are affected by various assumptions. the most significant assumptions affecting our expected cash flows are the discount rate, projected revenue growth rate and operating profit margin. the impact of a change in any of our significant underlying assumptions +/- 1% would not result in a materially different fair value.
as of both november 30, 2014 and 2013, there were no significant identifiable intangible assets, other than goodwill.
lennar homebuilding and lennar multifamily operations lennar homebuilding revenue recognition revenues from sales of homes are recognized when the sales are closed and title passes to the new homeowner, the new homeowner's initial and continuing investment is adequate to demonstrate a commitment to pay for the home, the new homeowner's receivable is not subject to future subordination and we do not have a substantial continuing involvement with the new home. revenues from sales of land are recognized when a significant down payment is received, the earnings process is complete, title passes and collectability of the receivable is reasonably assured. we believe that the accounting policy related to revenue recognition is a critical accounting policy because of the significance of revenue.
lennar multifamily revenue recognition our lennar multifamily segment provides management services with respect to the development, construction and management of rental projects in joint ventures in which we have investments. as a result, our lennar multifamily segment earns and receives fees, which are based upon a stated percentage of development and construction costs. these fees are included in lennar multifamily revenue and are recorded over the period in which the services are performed, fees are determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. in addition, our lennar multifamily segment provides general contractor
63
services for the construction of some of its rental projects and recognizes the revenue over the period in which the services are performed under the percentage of completion method. we believe that the accounting policy related to lennar multifamily revenue recognition is a critical accounting policy because it represents a significant portion of our lennar multifamily's revenues and is expected to continue to grow in the future as the segment construct more rental properties.
inventories inventories are stated at cost unless the inventory within a community is determined to be impaired, in which case the impaired inventory is written down to fair value. inventory costs include land, land development and home construction costs, real estate taxes, deposits on land purchase contracts and interest related to development and construction. we review our inventory for indicators of impairment by evaluating each community during each reporting period. the inventory within each community is categorized as finished homes and construction in progress or land under development based on the development state of the community. there were 622 and 535 active communities, excluding unconsolidated entities, as of november 30, 2014 and 2013, respectively. if the undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by a community are less than its carrying amount, an impairment charge is recorded to write down the carrying amount of such community to its estimated fair value.
in conducting our review for indicators of impairment on a community level, we evaluate, among other things, the margins on homes that have been delivered, margins on homes under sales contracts in backlog, projected margins with regard to future home sales over the life of the community, projected margins with regard to future land sales, and the estimated fair value of the land itself. we pay particular attention to communities in which inventory is moving at a slower than anticipated absorption pace and communities whose average sales price and/or margins are trending downward and are anticipated to continue to trend downward. from this review, we identify communities whose carrying values exceed their undiscounted cash flows. for the year ended november 30, 2014, revenues and gross margins have increased for all of our homebuilding segments and homebuilding other, except for the gross margins of our lennar homebuilding west segment, compared to the year ended november 30, 2013, primarily due to an increase in home deliveries and an increase in the average sales price of homes delivered .
we estimate the fair value of our communities using a discounted cash flow model. the projected cash flows for each community are significantly impacted by estimates related to market supply and demand, product type by community, homesite sizes, sales pace, sales prices, sales incentives, construction costs, sales and marketing expenses, the local economy, competitive conditions, labor costs, costs of materials and other factors for that particular community. every division evaluates the historical performance of each of its communities as well as current trends in the market and economy impacting the community and its surrounding areas. these trends are analyzed for each of the estimates listed above. for example, during the downturn in the housing market, we found ways to reduce our construction costs in many communities, and this reduction in construction costs in addition to changes in product type in many communities impacted future estimated cash flows.
each of the homebuilding markets in which we operate is unique, as homebuilding has historically been a local business driven by local market conditions and demographics. each of our homebuilding markets has specific supply and demand relationships reflective of local economic conditions. our projected cash flows are impacted by many assumptions. some of the most critical assumptions in our cash flow models are our projected absorption pace for home sales, sales prices and costs to build and deliver our homes on a community by community basis.
in order to arrive at the assumed absorption pace for home sales included in our cash flow models, we analyze our historical absorption pace in the community as well as other comparable communities in the geographical area. in addition, we consider internal and external market studies and trends, which generally include, but are not limited to, statistics on population demographics, unemployment rates and availability of competing product in the geographic area where the community is located. when analyzing our historical absorption pace for home sales and corresponding internal and external market studies, we place greater emphasis on more current metrics and trends such as the absorption pace realized in our most recent quarters as well as forecasted population demographics, unemployment rates and availability of competing product. generally, if we notice a variation from historical results over a span of two fiscal quarters, we consider such variation to be the establishment of a trend and adjust our historical information accordingly in order to develop assumptions on the projected absorption pace in the cash flow model for a community.
in order to determine the assumed sales prices included in our cash flow models, we analyze the historical sales prices realized on homes we delivered in the community and other comparable communities in the geographical area as well as the sales prices included in our current backlog for such communities. in addition, we consider internal and external market studies and trends, which generally include, but are not limited to, statistics on sales prices in neighboring communities and sales prices on similar products in non-neighboring communities in the geographic area where the community is located. when analyzing our historical sales prices and corresponding market studies, we also place greater emphasis on more current metrics and trends such as future forecasted sales prices in neighboring communities as well as future forecasted sales prices for similar product in non-neighboring communities. generally, if we notice a variation from historical results over a span of two fiscal quarters, we
64
consider such variation to be the establishment of a trend and adjust our historical information accordingly in order to develop assumptions on the projected sales prices in the cash flow model for a community.
in order to arrive at our assumed costs to build and deliver our homes, we generally assume a cost structure reflecting contracts currently in place with our vendors adjusted for any anticipated cost reduction initiatives or increases in cost structure. those costs assumed are used in our cash flow models for our communities.
since the estimates and assumptions included in our cash flow models are based upon historical results and projected trends, they do not anticipate unexpected changes in market conditions or strategies that may lead to us incurring additional impairment charges in the future.
using all the available information, we calculate our best estimate of projected cash flows for each community. while many of the estimates are calculated based on historical and projected trends, all estimates are subjective and change from market to market and community to community as market and economic conditions change. the determination of fair value also requires discounting the estimated cash flows at a rate we believe a market participant would determine to be commensurate with the inherent risks associated with the assets and related estimated cash flow streams. the discount rate used in determining each asset's fair value depends on the community's projected life and development stage. we generally use a discount rate of approximately 20%, subject to the perceived risks associated with the community's cash flow streams relative to its inventory.
we estimate the fair value of inventory evaluated for impairment based on market conditions and assumptions made by management at the time the inventory is evaluated, which may differ materially from actual results if market conditions or our assumptions change. for example, market deterioration or changes in our assumptions may lead us to incur additional impairment charges on previously impaired inventory, as well as on inventory not currently impaired, but for which indicators of impairment may arise if market deterioration occurs.
we also have access to land inventory through option contracts, which generally enables us to defer acquiring portions of properties owned by third parties and unconsolidated entities until we have determined whether to exercise our option. a majority of our option contracts require a non-refundable cash deposit or irrevocable letter of credit based on a percentage of the purchase price of the land. our option contracts are recorded at cost. in determining whether to walk-away from an option contract, we evaluate the option primarily based upon the expected cash flows from the property under option. if we intend to walk-away from an option contract, we record a charge to earnings in the period such decision is made for the deposit amount and any related pre-acquisition costs associated with the option contract.
we believe that the accounting related to inventory valuation and impairment is a critical accounting policy because: (1) assumptions inherent in the valuation of our inventory are highly subjective and susceptible to change and (2) the impact of recognizing impairments on our inventory has been and could continue to be material to our consolidated financial statements. our evaluation of inventory impairment, as discussed above, includes many assumptions. the critical assumptions include the timing of the home sales within a community, management's projections of selling prices and costs and the discount rate applied to estimate the fair value of the homesites within a community on the balance sheet date. our assumptions on the timing of home sales are critical because the homebuilding industry has historically been cyclical and sensitive to changes in economic conditions such as interest rates, credit availability, unemployment levels and consumer sentiment. changes in these economic conditions could materially affect the projected sales price, costs to develop the homesites and/or absorption rate in a community. our assumptions on discount rates are critical because the selection of a discount rate affects the estimated fair value of the homesites within a community. a higher discount rate reduces the estimated fair value of the homesites within the community, while a lower discount rate increases the estimated fair value of the homesites within a community. because of changes in economic and market conditions and assumptions and estimates required of management in valuing inventory during changing market conditions, actual results could differ materially from management's assumptions and may require material inventory impairment charges to be recorded in the future.
product warranty although we subcontract virtually all aspects of construction to others and our contracts call for the subcontractors to repair or replace any deficient items related to their trades, we are primarily responsible to homebuyers to correct any deficiencies. additionally, in some instances, we may be held responsible for the actions of or losses incurred by subcontractors. warranty and similar reserves for homes are established at an amount estimated to be adequate to cover potential costs for materials and labor with regard to warranty-type claims expected to be incurred subsequent to the delivery of a home. reserves are determined based upon historical data and trends with respect to similar product types and geographical areas. we believe the accounting estimate related to the reserve for warranty costs is a critical accounting estimate because the estimate requires a large degree of judgment.
at november 30, 2014, the reserve for warranty costs was $115.9 million, which included $12.7 million of adjustments to pre-existing warranties from changes in estimates during the current year primarily related to specific claims
65
related to certain of our homebuilding communities and other adjustments. while we believe that the reserve for warranty costs is adequate, there can be no assurances that historical data and trends will accurately predict our actual warranty costs. additionally, there can be no assurances that future economic or financial developments might not lead to a significant change in the reserve.
lennar homebuilding and lennar multifamily investments in unconsolidated entities we strategically invest in unconsolidated entities that acquire and develop land (1) for our homebuilding operations or for sale to third parties, (2) for construction of homes for sale to third-party homebuyers or (3) for the construction of multifamily rental properties. our lennar homebuilding partners generally are unrelated homebuilders, land owners/developers and financial or other strategic partners. our lennar multifamily partners are all financial partners.
most of the unconsolidated entities through which we acquire and develop land are accounted for by the equity method of accounting because we are not the primary beneficiary, and we have a significant, but less than controlling, interest in the entities. we record our investments in these entities in our consolidated balance sheets as "lennar homebuilding or lennar multifamily investments in unconsolidated entities" and our pro-rata share of the entities' earnings or losses in our consolidated statements of operations as "lennar homebuilding or lennar multifamily equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated entities," as described in note 4 and note 9 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements. for most unconsolidated entities, we generally have the right to share in earnings and distributions on a pro-rata basis based upon ownership percentages. however, certain lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities and all of our lennar multifamily unconsolidated entities provide for a different allocation of profit and cash distributions if and when cumulative results of the joint venture exceed specified targets (such as a specified internal rate of return). advances to these entities are included in the investment balance.
management looks at specific criteria and uses its judgment when determining if we are the primary beneficiary of, or have a controlling interest in, an unconsolidated entity. factors considered in determining whether we have significant influence or we have control include risk and reward sharing, experience and financial condition of the other partners, voting rights, involvement in day-to-day capital and operating decisions and continuing involvement. the accounting policy relating to the use of the equity method of accounting is a critical accounting policy due to the judgment required in determining whether we are the primary beneficiary or have control or significant influence.
as of november 30, 2014, we believe that the equity method of accounting is appropriate for our investments in unconsolidated entities where we are not the primary beneficiary and we do not have a controlling interest, but rather share control with our partners. at november 30, 2014, the lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities in which we had investments had total assets of $3.3 billion and total liabilities of $1.0 billion. at november 30, 2014, the lennar multifamily unconsolidated entities in which we had investments had total assets of $677.3 million and total liabilities of $250.5 million.
we evaluate our investments in unconsolidated entities for indicators of impairment during each reporting period. a series of operating losses of an investee or other factors may indicate that a decrease in the fair value of our investment in the unconsolidated entity below its carrying amount has occurred which is other-than-temporary. the amount of impairment recognized is the excess of the investment's carrying amount over its estimated fair value.
the evaluation of our investment in unconsolidated entities includes certain critical assumptions: (1) projected future distributions from the unconsolidated entities, (2) discount rates applied to the future distributions and (3) various other factors.
our assumptions on the projected future distributions from the lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities are dependent on market conditions. specifically, distributions are dependent on cash to be generated from the sale of inventory by the lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities or assets by lennar multifamily unconsolidated entities. such inventory is also reviewed for potential impairment by the unconsolidated entities. the review for inventory impairment performed by the unconsolidated entities is materially consistent with our process, as discussed above, for evaluating our own inventory as of the end of a reporting period. the unconsolidated entities generally also use a discount rate of approximately 20% in their reviews for impairment, subject to the perceived risks associated with the community's cash flow streams relative to its inventory. if a valuation adjustment is recorded by an unconsolidated entity related to its assets, our proportionate share is reflected in our lennar homebuilding or lennar multifamily equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated entities with a corresponding decrease to our lennar homebuilding or lennar multifamily investment in unconsolidated entities. in certain instances, we may be required to record additional losses relating to our investment in unconsolidated entities; if our investment in the unconsolidated entity, or a portion thereof, is deemed to be other than temporarily impaired. these losses are included in lennar homebuilding other income (expense), net or lennar multifamily costs and expenses. we believe our assumptions on the projected future distributions from the unconsolidated entities are critical because the operating results of the unconsolidated entities from which the projected distributions are derived are dependent on the status of the homebuilding industry, which has historically been cyclical and sensitive to changes in economic conditions such as interest rates, credit availability, unemployment levels and consumer sentiment. changes in these economic conditions could materially affect the projected operational results of the unconsolidated entities from which the distributions are derived.
66
additionally, we consider various qualitative factors to determine if a decrease in the value of our investment is other-than-temporary. these factors include age of the venture, intent and ability for us to recover our investment in the entity, financial condition and long-term prospects of the unconsolidated entity, short-term liquidity needs of the unconsolidated entity, trends in the general economic environment of the land, entitlement status of the land held by the unconsolidated entity, overall projected returns on investments, defaults under contracts with third parties (including bank debt), recoverability of the investment through future cash flows and relationships with the other partners and banks. if we believe that the decline in the fair value of the investment is temporary, then no impairment is recorded.
in addition, we believe our assumptions on discount rates are critical accounting policies because the selection of the discount rates affects the estimated fair value of our investments in unconsolidated entities. a higher discount rate reduces the estimated fair value of our investments in unconsolidated entities, while a lower discount rate increases the estimated fair value of our investments in unconsolidated entities. because of changes in economic conditions, actual results could differ materially from management's assumptions and may require material valuation adjustments to our investments in unconsolidated entities to be recorded in the future.
consolidation of variable interest entities gaap requires the consolidation of vies in which an enterprise has a controlling financial interest. a controlling financial interest will have both of the following characteristics: (a) the power to direct the activities of a vie that most significantly impact the vie's economic performance and (b) the obligation to absorb losses of the vie that could potentially be significant to the vie or the right to receive benefits from the vie that could potentially be significant to the vie.
our variable interest in vies may be in the form of (1) equity ownership, (2) contracts to purchase assets, (3) management services and development agreements between us and a vie, (4) loans provided by us to a vie or other partner and/or (5) guarantees provided by members to banks and other third parties. we examine specific criteria and use our judgment when determining if we are the primary beneficiary of a vie. factors considered in determining whether we are the primary beneficiary include risk and reward sharing, experience and financial condition of other partner(s), voting rights, involvement in day-to-day capital and operating decisions, representation on a vie's executive committee, existence of unilateral kick-out rights or voting rights, level of economic disproportionality between us and the other partner(s) and contracts to purchase assets from vies.
generally, all major decision making in our joint ventures is shared among all partners. in particular, business plans and budgets are generally required to be unanimously approved by all partners. usually, management and other fees earned by us are nominal and believed to be at market and there is no significant economic disproportionality between us and other partners. generally, we purchase less than a majority of the jv's assets and the purchase prices under our option contracts are believed to be at market.
generally, our lennar homebuilding unconsolidated entities become vies and consolidate when the other partner(s) lack the intent and financial wherewithal to remain in the entity. as a result, we continue to fund operations and debt paydowns through partner loans or substituted capital contributions. the accounting policy relating to variable interest entities is a critical accounting policy because the determination whether an entity is a vie and, if so, whether we are primary beneficiary may require us to exercise significant judgment.
lennar financial services operations revenue recognition title premiums on policies issued directly by us are recognized as revenue on the effective date of the title policies and escrow fees and loan origination revenues are recognized at the time the related real estate transactions are completed, usually upon the close of escrow. revenues from title policies issued by independent agents are recognized as revenue when notice of issuance is received from the agent, which is generally when cash payment is received by us. expected gains and losses from the sale of loans and their related servicing rights are included in the measurement of all written loan commitments that are accounted for at fair value through earnings at the time of commitment. interest income on loans held-for-sale and loans held-for-investment is recognized as earned over the terms of the mortgage loans based on the contractual interest rates. we believe that the accounting policy related to revenue recognition is a critical accounting policy because of the significance of revenue.
loan origination liabilities substantially all of the loans our lennar financial services segment originates are sold within a short period in the secondary mortgage market on a servicing released, non-recourse basis. after the loans are sold, we retain potential liability for possible claims by purchasers that we breached certain limited industry-standard representations and warranties related to loan sales. during recent years there has been an increased industry-wide effort by purchasers to defray their losses by purporting to have found inaccuracies related to sellers' representations and warranties in particular loan sale agreements.
67
our mortgage operations have established reserves for possible losses associated with mortgage loans previously originated and sold to investors. we establish reserves for such possible losses based upon, among other things, an analysis of repurchase requests received, an estimate of potential repurchase claims not yet received and actual past repurchases and losses through the disposition of affected loans, as well as previous settlements. while we believe that we have adequately reserved for known losses and projected repurchase requests, given the volatility in the mortgage industry and the uncertainty regarding the ultimate resolution of these claims, if either actual repurchases or the losses incurred resolving those repurchases exceed our expectations, additional recourse expense may be incurred. this allowance requires management's judgment and estimate. for these reasons, we believe that the accounting estimate related to the loan origination losses is a critical accounting estimate.
rialto operations management fees revenue our rialto segment provides services to a variety of legal entities and investment vehicles such as funds, joint ventures, co-invests, and other private equity structures to manage their respective investments. as a result, rialto earns and receives management fees, underwriting fees and due diligence fees. these fees related to our rialto segment are included in rialto revenues and are recorded over the period in which the services are performed, fees are determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. rialto receives investment management fees from investment vehicles based on 1) a percentage of committed capital during the commitment period and after the commitment period ends and 2) a percentage of of invested capital less the portion of such invested capital utilized to acquire investments that have been sold (in whole or in part) or liquidated. fees earned for underwriting and due diligence services are based on actual costs incurred. in certain situations, rialto may earn additional fees when the return on assets managed exceeds contractually established thresholds. such revenue is only booked when the contract terms are met, the contract is at, or near, completion and the amounts are known and collectability is reasonably assured. since such revenue is recognized at the end of the life of the investment vehicle, after substantially all of the assets have been sold and investment gains and losses realized, the possibility of claw backs is limited. we believe the way we record rialto management fees revenue is a significant accounting policy because it represents a significant portion of our rialto segment's revenues and is expected to continue to grow in the future as the segment manages more assets.
loans receivable - revenue recognition all of the acquired loans for which (1) there was evidence of credit quality deterioration since origination and (2) for which it was deemed probable that we would be unable to collect all contractually required principal and interest payments were accounted for under asc 310-30, loans and debt securities acquired with deteriorated credit quality, ("asc 310-30"). for loans accounted for under asc 310-30, management determined upon acquisition the loan's value based on due diligence regarding each of the loans, the underlying properties and the borrowers. we determined fair value by discounting the cash flows expected to be collected adjusted for factors that a market participant would consider when determining fair value. factors considered in the valuation were projected cash flows for the loans, type of loan and related collateral, classification status and current discount rates. since the estimates are based on projections, all estimates are subjective and can change due to unexpected changes in economic conditions or loan performance.
under asc 310-30, loans were pooled together according to common risk characteristics. a pool is then accounted for as a single asset with a single component interest rate and as aggregate expectation of cash flows. the excess of the cash flows expected to be collected over the cost of the loans acquired is referred to as the accretable yield and is recognized in interest income over the remaining life of the loans using the effective yield method. the difference between the contractually required payments and the cash flows expected to be collected at acquisition is referred to as the nonaccretable difference. this difference is neither accreted into income nor recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. changes in the expected cash flows of loans receivable from the date of acquisition will either impact the accretable yield or result in a charge to the provision for loan losses in the period in which the changes become probable. prepayments are treated as a reduction of cash flows expected to be collected and a reduction of contractually required payments such that the nonaccretable difference is not affected. subsequent significant decreases to the expected cash flows will generally result in a charge to the provision for loan losses, resulting in an increase to the allowance for loan losses, and a reclassification from accretable yield to nonaccretable difference. subsequent probable and significant increases in the cash flows will result in a recovery of any previously recorded allowance for loan losses, to the extent applicable, and a reclassification from nonaccretable difference to accretable yield. amounts related to the asc 310-30 loans are estimates and may change as we obtain additional information related to the respective loans and the inherent uncertainty associated with estimating the amount and timing of the expected cash flows associated with distressed residential and commercial real estate loans. the timing and amount of expected cash flows and related accretable yield can also be impacted by disposal of loans, loan payoffs or expected foreclosures, which result in removal of the loans from the pools. since the cash flows are based on projections, they are subjective and can change due to unexpected changes in economic conditions and loan performance. during the fourth quarter of 2014, in an effort to better reflect the performance of the loan portfolios, we changed from recording accretable yield income on a loan pool basis to recording income on a cost
68
recovery basis per loan as expected cash flows on the remaining loan portfolios could no longer be reasonably estimated. at november 30, 2014, these loans were classified as nonaccrual loans.
we believe that the accounting related to loans with deteriorated credit quality and that the accounting for accretable yield are critical accounting policies because of the significant judgment involved.
nonaccrual loans - revenue recognition and impairment for loans in which forecasted principal and interest could not be reasonably estimated at the loan acquisition date, management classified these loans as nonaccrual and accounts for these assets in accordance with asc 310-10, receivables, ("asc 310-10"). when a loan is classified as nonaccrual, any subsequent cash receipt is accounted for using the recovery method. in accordance with asc 310-10, a loan is considered impaired when based on current information and events; it is probable that all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement will not be collected.
a provision for loan losses is recognized when the recorded investments in the loan is in excess of its fair value. the fair value of the loan is determined by using either the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan's effective interest rate or the fair value of the collateral less estimated costs to sell.
we believe that the accounting for nonaccrual loans is a critical accounting estimate because of the significant judgment involved.
as described above, during the fourth quarter of 2014, in an effort to better reflect the performance of the loan portfolios accounted under asc 310-30, we changed from recording accretable yield income on a loan pool basis to recording income on a cost recovery basis per loan as expected cash flows on the remaining loan portfolios could no longer be reasonable estimated. at november 30, 2014, those loans that were accounted under asc 310-30 were classified as nonaccrual loans.
real estate owned reo represents real estate that our rialto segment has taken control or has effective control of in partial or full satisfaction of loans receivable. at the time of acquisition of a property through foreclosure of a loan, reo is recorded at fair value less estimated costs to sell if classified as held-for-sale or at fair value if classified as held-and-used, which becomes the property's new basis. the fair values of these assets are determined in part by placing reliance on third-party appraisals of the properties and/or internally prepared analyses of recent offers or prices on comparable properties in the proximate vicinity. the third-party appraisals and internally developed analyses are significantly impacted by the local market economy, market supply and demand, competitive conditions and prices on comparable properties, adjusted for date of sale, location, property size, and other factors. each reo is unique and is analyzed in the context of the particular market where the property is located. in order to establish the significant assumptions for a particular reo, we analyze historical trends, including trends achieved by our local homebuilding operations, if applicable, and current trends in the market and economy impacting the reo. using available trend information, we then calculate our best estimate of fair value, which can include projected cash flows discounted at a rate we believe a market participant would determine to be commensurate with the inherent risks associated with the assets and related estimated cash flow streams.
changes in economic factors, consumer demand and market conditions, among other things, could materially impact estimates used in the third-party appraisals and/or internally prepared analyses of recent offers or prices on comparable properties. thus, estimates can differ significantly from the amounts ultimately realized by our rialto segment from disposition of these assets. the amount by which the recorded investment in the loan is less than the reo's fair value (net of estimated cost to sell if held-for-sale), is recorded as an unrealized gain on foreclosure in our consolidated statement of operations. the amount by which the recorded investment in the loan is greater than the reo's fair value (net of estimated cost to sell if held-for-sale) is initially recorded as an impairment in our consolidated statement of operations.
subsequent to obtaining reo via foreclosure or directly from a financial institution, management periodically performs valuations using the methodologies described above such that the real estate is carried at the lower of its carrying value or current fair value, less estimated costs to sell if classified as held-for-sale. held-and-used assets are tested for recoverability whenever changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable, and impairment losses are recorded for any amount by which the carrying value exceeds its fair value. any subsequent impairment losses, operating expenses or income, and gains and losses on disposition of such properties are also recognized in our rialto other income (expense), net. reo assets classified as held-and-used are depreciated using a useful life of forty years for commercial properties and twenty seven and a half years for residential properties. reo assets classified as held-for-sale are not depreciated. occasionally an asset will require certain improvements to yield a higher return. in accordance with asc 970-340-25, real estate, construction costs incurred prior to acquisition or during development of the asset may be capitalized.
we believe that the accounting related to reo is a critical accounting policy because of the significant judgment required in the third-party appraisals and/or internally prepared analysis of recent offers or prices of comparable properties in the proximate vicinity used to estimate the fair value of reos.
69
rialto mortgage finance - loans held-for sale the originated mortgage loans are classified as loans held-for-sale on the consolidated balance sheets and are recorded at fair value. we elected the fair value option for rmf's loans held-for-sale in accordance with asc 825, financial instruments, which permits entities to measure various financial instruments and certain other items at fair value on a contract-by-contract basis. changes in fair values of the loans are reflected in our rialto revenues in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. interest income on these loans is calculated based on the interest rate of the loan and is recorded within rialto revenues in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. substantially all of the mortgage loans originated are sold within a short period of time in a securitization on a servicing released, non-recourse basis; although, we remain liable for certain limited industry-standard representations and warranties related to loan sales. we recognize revenue on the sale of loans into securitizations trusts when control of the loans has been relinquished.
we believe this is a critical accounting policy due to the significant judgment involved in estimating the fair values of loans held-for-sale during the period between time the loan is originated and the time the loan is sold and of its significance to our rialto segment.
consolidations of variable interest entities in 2010, our rialto segment acquired indirectly 40% managing member equity interests in two limited liability companies ("llcs"), in partnership with the fdic. we determined that each of the llcs met the definition of a variable interest entity ("vie") and we were the primary beneficiary. in accordance with asc 810-10-65-2, consolidations, ("asc 810-10-65-2"), we identified the activities that most significantly impact the llcs' economic performance and determined that we have the power to direct those activities. the economic performance of the llcs is most significantly impacted by the performance of the llcs' portfolios of assets, which consist primarily of distressed residential and commercial mortgage loans. thus, the activities that most significantly impact the llcs' economic performance are the servicing and disposition of mortgage loans and real estate obtained through foreclosure of loans, restructuring of loans, or other planned activities associated with the monetizing of loans.
the fdic does not have the unilateral power to terminate our role in managing the llcs and servicing the loan portfolios. while the fdic has the right to prevent certain types of transactions (i.e., bulk sales, selling assets with recourse back to the selling entity, selling assets with representations and warranties and financing the sales of assets without the fdic's approval), the fdic does not have full voting or blocking rights over the llcs' activities, making their voting rights protective in nature, not substantive participating voting rights. other than as described in the preceding sentence, which are not the primary activities of the llcs, we can cause the llcs to enter into both the disposition and restructuring of loans without any involvement of the fdic. additionally, the fdic has no voting rights with regard to the operation/management of the operating properties that are acquired upon foreclosure of loans (e.g. reo) and no voting rights over the business plans of the llcs. the fdic can make suggestions regarding the business plans, but we can decide not to follow the fdic's suggestions and not to incorporate them in the business plans. since the fdic's voting rights are protective in nature and not substantive participating voting rights, we have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the llcs' economic performance.
in accordance with asc 810-10-65-2, we determined that we had an obligation to absorb losses of the llcs that could potentially be significant to the llcs or the right to receive benefits from the llcs that could potentially be significant to the llcs based on the following factors:
•   rialto/lennar owns 40% of the equity of the llcs and has the power to direct the activities of the llcs that most significantly impact their economic performance through loan resolutions and the sale of reo.
•   rialto/lennar has a management/servicer contract under which we earn a 0.5% servicing fee.
•   rialto/lennar has guaranteed, as the servicer, its obligations under the servicing agreement up to $10 million.
we are aware that the fdic, as the owner of 60% of the equity of each of the llcs, may also have an obligation to absorb losses of the llcs that could potentially be significant to the llcs. however, in accordance with asc 810-10-25-38a, only one enterprise, if any, is expected to be identified as the primary beneficiary of a vie.
since both criteria for consolidation in asc 810-10-65-2 are met, we consolidated the llcs. we believe that our assessment that we are the primary beneficiary of the llcs is a critical accounting policy because of the significant judgment required in evaluating all of the key factors and circumstances in determining the primary beneficiary.
