item 1a.   risk factors risks associated with the company's business changes in federal, state, local and third-party payer regulations or policies (or in the interpretation of current regulations or policies), insurance regulation or approvals or changes in other laws, regulations or policies may adversely affect governmental and third-party coverage and reimbursement for clinical laboratory testing and may have a material adverse effect upon the company's business.
government payers, such as medicare and medicaid, as well as insurers, including mcos, have increased their efforts to control the cost, utilization and delivery of health care services. from time to time, congress has considered and implemented changes in the medicare fee schedules in conjunction with budgetary legislation. further reductions of reimbursement for medicare and medicaid services or changes in policy regarding coverage of tests or other requirements for payment, such as prior authorization or a physician or qualified practitioner's signature on test requisitions, may be implemented from time to time. reimbursement for the pathology services component of the company's business is also subject to statutory and regulatory reduction. reductions in the reimbursement rates and changes in payment policies of other third-party payers may occur as well. such changes in the past have resulted in reduced payments as well as added costs and have decreased test utilization for the clinical laboratory industry by adding more complex new regulatory and administrative requirements. further changes in federal, state, local and third-party payer regulations or policies may have a material adverse impact on the company's business. actions by agencies regulating insurance or changes in other laws, regulations, or policies may also have a material adverse effect upon the company's business.
the company could face significant monetary damages and penalties and/or exclusion from the medicare and medicaid programs if it violates health care anti-fraud and abuse laws.
the company is subject to extensive government regulation at the federal, state and local levels. the company's failure to meet governmental requirements under these regulations, including those relating to billing practices and financial relationships with physicians and hospitals, could lead to civil and criminal penalties, exclusion from participation in medicare and medicaid and possible prohibitions or restrictions on the use of its laboratories. while the company believes that it is in material compliance
29
index with all statutory and regulatory requirements, there is a risk that government authorities might take a contrary position. such occurrences, regardless of their outcome, could damage the company's reputation and adversely affect important business relationships it has with third parties.
the company's business could be harmed from the loss or suspension of a license or imposition of a fine or penalties under, or future changes in, or interpretations of, the law or regulations of the clinical laboratory improvement act of 1967, and the clinical laboratory improvement amendments of 1988, the fda or those of medicare, medicaid or other federal, state or local agencies.
the clinical laboratory testing industry is subject to extensive regulation, and many of these statutes and regulations have not been interpreted by the courts. clia extends federal oversight to virtually all clinical laboratories by requiring that they be certified by the federal government or by a federally-approved accreditation agency. the sanction for failure to comply with clia requirements may be suspension, revocation or limitation of a laboratory's clia certificate, which is necessary to conduct business, as well as significant fines and/or criminal penalties. in addition, the company is subject to regulation under state law. state laws may require that laboratories and/or laboratory personnel meet certain qualifications, specify certain quality controls or require maintenance of certain records. the fda regulates diagnostic products and periodically inspects and reviews their manufacturing processes and product performance. the company's medtox diagnostic inc.'s point of collection testing devices are subject to regulation by the fda.
applicable statutes and regulations could be interpreted or applied by a prosecutorial, regulatory or judicial authority in a manner that would adversely affect the company's business. potential sanctions for violation of these statutes and regulations include significant fines and the suspension or loss of various licenses, certificates and authorizations, or product suspensions or recalls which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business. in addition, compliance with future legislation could impose additional requirements on the company which may be costly, including fda regulation of laboratory developed tests.
failure to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including the federal occupational safety and health administration act and the needlestick safety and prevention act, could result in fines and penalties and loss of licensure, and have a material adverse effect upon the company's business.
the company is subject to licensing and regulation under federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and human health and safety, including laws and regulations relating to the handling, transportation and disposal of medical specimens, infectious and hazardous waste and radioactive materials, as well as regulations relating to the safety and health of laboratory employees. all of the company's laboratories are subject to applicable federal and state laws and regulations relating to biohazard disposal of all laboratory specimens, and they utilize outside vendors for disposal of such specimens. in addition, the federal occupational safety and health administration has established extensive requirements relating to workplace safety for health care employers, including clinical laboratories, whose workers may be exposed to blood-borne pathogens such as hiv and the hepatitis b virus. these requirements, among other things, require work practice controls, protective clothing and equipment, training, medical follow-up, vaccinations and other measures designed to minimize exposure to, and transmission of, blood-borne pathogens. in addition, the needlestick safety and prevention act requires, among other things, that the company include in its safety programs the evaluation and use of engineering controls such as safety needles if found to be effective at reducing the risk of needlestick injuries in the workplace.
failure to comply with federal, state and local laws and regulations could subject the company to denial of the right to conduct business, fines, criminal penalties and/or other enforcement actions which would have a material adverse effect on its business. in addition, compliance with future legislation could impose additional requirements on the company which may be costly.
regulations requiring the use of "standard transactions" for health care services issued under hipaa may negatively impact the company's profitability and cash flows.
pursuant to hipaa, the secretary of hhs has issued regulations designed to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of the health care system by facilitating the electronic exchange of information in certain financial and administrative transactions while protecting the privacy and security of the information exchanged.
the hipaa transaction standards are complex, and subject to differences in interpretation by payers. for instance, some payers may interpret the standards to require the company to provide certain types of information, including demographic information not usually provided to the company by physicians. in addition, new requirements for additional standard transactions, such as claims attachments, and the icd-10-cm code set, could prove technically difficult, time-consuming or expensive to implement.
30
index the costs associated with icd-10-cm code set were substantial, and failure of the company, third party payers or physicians to transition within the required timeframe could have an adverse impact on reimbursement, days sales outstanding and cash collections. as a result of inconsistent application of other transaction standards by payers or the company's inability to obtain certain billing information not usually provided to the company by physicians, the company could face increased costs and complexity, a temporary disruption in receipts and ongoing reductions in reimbursements and net revenues. the company is working closely with its payers to establish acceptable protocols for claim submission and with its trade association and an industry coalition to present issues and problems as they arise to the appropriate regulators and standards setting organizations.
failure to maintain the security of customer-related information or compliance with security requirements could damage the company's reputation with customers, cause it to incur substantial additional costs and to become subject to litigation.
the company receives certain personal and financial information about its customers. in addition, the company depends upon the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks, including information permitting cashless payments. a compromise in the company's security systems that results in customer personal information being obtained by unauthorized persons or the company's failure to comply with security requirements for financial transactions could adversely affect the company's reputation with its customers and others, as well as the company's results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. it could also result in litigation against the company or the imposition of penalties.
failure of the company, third party payers or physicians to comply with the icd-10-cm code set by the compliance date of october 1, 2015, could negatively impact the company's reimbursement, profitability and cash flow.
the company believes that it is in compliance in all material respects with the current transactions and code sets rule. the company implemented version 5010 of the hipaa transaction standards, and is within the testing and implementation phase of the rule to adopt the icd-10-cm code set. the compliance date for icd-10-cm is october 1, 2015. clinical laboratories are typically required to submit health care claims with diagnosis codes to third party payers. the diagnosis codes must be obtained from the ordering physician. the failure of the company, third party payers or physicians to transition within the required timeframe could have an adverse impact on reimbursement, days sales outstanding and cash collections.
compliance with the hipaa security regulations and privacy regulations may increase the company's costs.
the hipaa privacy and security regulations, including the expanded requirements under hitech, establish comprehensive federal standards with respect to the use and disclosure of protected health information by health plans, health care providers and health care clearinghouses, in addition to setting standards to protect the confidentiality, integrity and security of protected health information. the regulations establish a complex regulatory framework on a variety of subjects, including:
•   the circumstances under which the use and disclosure of protected health information are permitted or required without a specific authorization by the patient, including but not limited to treatment purposes, activities to obtain payments for the company's services, and its health care operations activities;
•   a patient's rights to access, amend and receive an accounting of certain disclosures of protected health information;
•   the content of notices of privacy practices for protected health information;
•   administrative, technical and physical safeguards required of entities that use or receive protected health information; and
•   the protection of computing systems maintaining ephi.
the company has implemented policies and procedures related to compliance with the hipaa privacy and security regulations, as required by law. the privacy and security regulations establish a "floor" and do not supersede state laws that are more stringent. therefore, the company is required to comply with both federal privacy and security regulations and varying state privacy and security laws. in addition, for health care data transfers from other countries relating to citizens of those countries, the company must comply with the laws of those other countries. the federal privacy regulations restrict the company's ability to use or disclose patient identifiable laboratory data, without patient authorization, for purposes other than payment, treatment or health care operations (as defined by hipaa), except for disclosures for various public policy purposes and other permitted purposes outlined in the privacy regulations. hipaa, as amended by hitech, provides for significant fines and other penalties for wrongful use or disclosure of protected health information in violation of the privacy and security regulations, including potential civil and criminal fines and penalties. due to the enactment of hitech, it is not possible to predict what the extent of the impact on business will be; however, if the company does not comply with existing or new laws and regulations related to protecting the privacy and security of health information it could be subject to monetary fines, civil penalties or criminal sanctions. in addition, other federal and state laws that protect the privacy and security of patient information may be subject to enforcement and interpretations by various governmental authorities and courts resulting in complex compliance issues. for example, the company could incur
31
index damages under state laws pursuant to an action brought by a private party for the wrongful use or disclosure of confidential health information or other private personal information.
increased competition, including price competition, could have a material adverse impact on the company's net revenues and profitability.
the clinical laboratory business is intensely competitive both in terms of price and service. pricing of laboratory testing services is often one of the most significant factors used by health care providers and third-party payers in selecting a laboratory. as a result of the clinical laboratory industry undergoing significant consolidation, larger clinical laboratory providers are able to increase cost efficiencies afforded by large-scale automated testing. this consolidation results in greater price competition. the company may be unable to increase cost efficiencies sufficiently, if at all, and as a result, its net earnings and cash flows could be negatively impacted by such price competition.  the company may also face increased competition from companies that do not comply with existing laws or regulations or otherwise disregard compliance standards in the industry.  additionally, the company may also face changes in fee schedules, competitive bidding for laboratory services or other actions or pressures reducing payment schedules as a result of increased or additional competition.
discontinuation or recalls of existing testing products; failure to develop, or acquire, licenses for new or improved testing technologies; or the company's customers using new technologies to perform their own tests could adversely affect the company's business.
from time to time, manufacturers discontinue or recall reagents, test kits or instruments used by the company to perform laboratory testing. such discontinuations or recalls could adversely affect the company's costs, testing volume and revenue.
the clinical laboratory industry is subject to changing technology and new product introductions. the company's success in maintaining a leadership position in genomic and other advanced testing technologies will depend, in part, on its ability to develop, acquire or license new and improved technologies on favorable terms and to obtain appropriate coverage and reimbursement for these technologies. the company may not be able to negotiate acceptable licensing arrangements and it cannot be certain that such arrangements will yield commercially successful diagnostic tests. if the company is unable to license these testing methods at competitive rates, its research and development costs may increase as a result. in addition, if the company is unable to license new or improved technologies to expand its esoteric testing operations, its testing methods may become outdated when compared with the company's competition and testing volume and revenue may be materially and adversely affected.
in addition, advances in technology may lead to the development of more cost-effective technologies such as point-of-care testing equipment that can be operated by physicians or other health care providers in their offices or by patients themselves without requiring the services of freestanding clinical laboratories. development of such technology and its use by the company's customers could reduce the demand for its laboratory testing services and negatively impact its revenues.
currently, most clinical laboratory testing is categorized as "high" or "moderate" complexity, and thereby is subject to extensive and costly regulation under clia. the cost of compliance with clia makes it impractical for most physicians to operate clinical laboratories in their offices, and other laws limit the ability of physicians to have ownership in a laboratory and to refer tests to such a laboratory. manufacturers of laboratory equipment and test kits could seek to increase their sales by marketing point-of-care laboratory equipment to physicians and by selling test kits approved for home or physician office use to both physicians and patients. diagnostic tests approved for home use are automatically deemed to be "waived" tests under clia and may be performed in physician office laboratories as well as by patients in their homes with minimal regulatory oversight. other tests meeting certain fda criteria also may be classified as "waived" for clia purposes. the fda has regulatory responsibility over instruments, test kits, reagents and other devices used by clinical laboratories and has taken responsibility from the centers for disease control for classifying the complexity of tests for clia purposes. increased approval of "waived" test kits could lead to increased testing by physicians in their offices or by patients at home, which could affect the company's market for laboratory testing services and negatively impact its revenues.
health care reform and related products (e.g. health insurance exchanges), changes in government payment and reimbursement systems, or changes in payer mix, including an increase in capitated reimbursement mechanisms and evolving delivery models, could have a material adverse impact on the company's net revenues, profitability and cash flow.
testing services are billed to private patients, medicare, medicaid, commercial clients, managed care organizations ("mcos") and other insurance companies. tests ordered by a physician may be billed to different payers depending on the medical insurance benefits of a particular patient. most testing services are billed to a party other than the physician or other authorized person that ordered the test. increases in the percentage of services billed to government and managed care payers could have an adverse
32
index impact on the company's net revenues. for the year ended december 31, 2014, requisitions (based on the total volume of requisitions excluding the company's other segment) by payer were:
•   private patients - 1.3%
•   medicare and medicaid - 14.4%
•   commercial clients - 34.6%
•   managed care - 49.7%
the various mcos have different contracting philosophies, which are influenced by the design of the products they offer to their members. some mcos contract with a limited number of clinical laboratories and engage in direct negotiation of the rates reimbursed to participating laboratories. other mcos adopt broader networks with a generally largely uniform fee structure for participating clinical laboratories. in addition, some mcos have used capitation in an effort to fix the cost of laboratory testing services for their enrollees. under a capitated reimbursement mechanism, the clinical laboratory and the managed care organization agree to a per member, per month payment to pay for all authorized laboratory tests ordered during the month by the physician for the members, regardless of the number or cost of the tests actually performed. capitation shifts the risk of increased test utilization (and the underlying mix of testing services) to the clinical laboratory provider. the company makes significant efforts to ensure that its services are adequately compensated in its capitated arrangements. for the year ended december 31, 2014, such capitated contracts accounted for approximately $211.1 million, or 3.7%, of the company's net sales.
the company's ability to attract and retain managed care clients is critical given the impact of health care reform, related products and expanded coverage (e.g. health insurance exchanges and medicaid expansion) and evolving delivery models (e.g. accountable care organizations).
a portion of the managed care fee-for-service revenues are collectible from patients in the form of deductibles, copayments and coinsurance. as patient cost-sharing increases, collectibility may be impacted.
in addition, medicare and medicaid and private insurers have increased their efforts to control the cost, utilization and delivery of health care services, including clinical laboratory services. measures to regulate health care delivery in general, and clinical laboratories in particular, have resulted in reduced prices, added costs and decreased test utilization for the clinical laboratory industry by increasing complexity and adding new regulatory and administrative requirements. pursuant to legislation passed in late 2003, the percentage of medicare beneficiaries enrolled in medicare managed care plans has increased. the percentage of medicaid beneficiaries enrolled in medicaid managed care plans has also increased, and is expected to continue to increase. implementation of the aca, the health care reform legislation passed in 2010, also may affect coverage, reimbursement, and utilization of laboratory services, as well as administrative requirements.
the company also experienced delays in the pricing and implementation of new molecular pathology codes among various payers, including medicaid, medicare and commercial carriers. while some delays were expected, several non-commercial payers required an extended period of time to price key molecular codes and a number of those payers, mostly government entities, indicated that they would no longer pay for tests that they had previously covered. further, several payers are requiring additional information to process claims or have implemented prior authorization policies. many commercial payers were delayed in becoming aware of the impact of their claim edits and policies which impeded access to services which previously have been covered and reimbursed. these delays had a negative impact on 2014 revenue, revenue per requisition, margins and cash flows and are expected to have a continuing negative impact. similarly, coding changes related to toxicology and other procedures are being implemented in 2015 and palmetto has published a revised drugs of abuse local coverage policy which, if implemented as written, would adversely impact the company's medicare revenue. the policy has been delayed several times. it is currently published to be effective april 1, 2015 and it is not clear what policies medicaid and managed care organizations may implement in response. the company expects delays in the pricing and implementation of the new toxicology codes and it is unclear what impact will be experienced related to price and margins.
the company expects efforts to impose reduced reimbursement, more stringent payment policies and utilization and cost controls by government and other payers to continue. if the company cannot offset additional reductions in the payments it receives for its services by reducing costs, increasing test volume and/or introducing new procedures, it could have a material adverse impact on the company's net revenues, profitability and cash flows.
as an employer, health care reform legislation also contains numerous regulations that will require the company to implement significant process and record keeping changes to be in compliance. these changes increase the cost of providing health care coverage to employees and their families. given the limited release of regulations to guide compliance, the exact impact to employers including the company is uncertain.
33
index a failure to obtain and retain new customers, a loss of existing customers or material contracts, a reduction in tests ordered or specimens submitted by existing customers, or the inability to retain existing and create new relationships with health systems could impact the company's ability to successfully grow its business.
to offset efforts by payers to reduce the cost and utilization of clinical laboratory services, the company needs to obtain and retain new customers and business partners. in addition, a reduction in tests ordered or specimens submitted by existing customers, without offsetting growth in its customer base, could impact the company's ability to successfully grow its business and could have a material adverse impact on the company's net revenues and profitability. the company competes primarily on the basis of the quality of testing, reporting and information systems, reputation in the medical community, the pricing of  services and ability to employ qualified personnel. the company's failure to successfully compete on any of these factors could result in the loss of customers and a reduction in the company's ability to expand its customer base.
in addition, as the broader health care industry trend of consolidation continues, including the acquisition of physician practices by health systems, relationships with hospital-based health systems and integrated delivery networks are becoming more important. the company has a well-established base of relationships with those systems and networks, including collaborative agreements. the company's inability to retain its existing relationships with those provider systems and networks and to create new relationships could impact its ability to successfully grow its business.
a failure to identify and successfully close and integrate strategic acquisition targets could have a material adverse impact on the company's business objectives and its net revenues and profitability.
part of the company's strategy involves deploying capital in investments that enhance the company's business, which includes pursuing strategic acquisitions to strengthen the company's scientific capabilities, grow esoteric testing capabilities and increase presence in key geographic areas. since 2009, the company has invested approximately $7.9 billion in strategic business acquisitions for these purposes. however, the company cannot assure that it will be able to identify acquisition targets that are attractive to the company or that are of a large enough size to have a meaningful impact on the company's operating results. furthermore, the successful closing and integration of a strategic acquisition entails numerous risks, including, among others:
•   failure to obtain regulatory clearance, including due to antitrust concerns;
•   loss of key customers or employees;
•   difficulty in consolidating redundant facilities and infrastructure and in standardizing information and other systems;
•   unidentified regulatory problems;
•   failure to maintain the quality of services that such companies have historically provided;
•   coordination of geographically-separated facilities and workforces; and
•   diversion of management's attention from the day-to-day business of the company.
the company cannot assure that current or future acquisitions, if any, or any related integration efforts will be successful, or that the company's business will not be adversely affected by any future acquisitions, including with respect to net revenues and profitability. even if the company is able to successfully integrate the operations of businesses that it may acquire in the future, the company may not be able to realize the benefits that it expects from such acquisitions.
adverse results in material litigation matters could have a material adverse effect upon the company's business.
the company may become subject in the ordinary course of business to material legal action related to, among other things, intellectual property disputes, professional liability and employee-related matters, as well as inquiries and requests for information from governmental agencies and bodies and medicare or medicaid carriers requesting comment and/or information on allegations of billing irregularities or billing and pricing arrangements that are brought to their attention through billing audits or third parties. legal actions could result in substantial monetary damages as well as damage to the company's reputation with customers, which could have a material adverse effect upon its business.
an inability to attract and retain experienced and qualified personnel could adversely affect the company's business.
the loss of key management personnel or the inability to attract and retain experienced and qualified employees at the company's clinical laboratories and research centers could adversely affect the business. the success of the company is dependent in part on the efforts of key members of its management team. success in maintaining the company's leadership position in genomic and other advanced testing technologies will depend in part on the company's ability to attract and retain skilled research professionals.
34
index in addition, the success of the company's clinical laboratories also depends on employing and retaining qualified and experienced laboratory professionals, including specialists, who perform clinical laboratory testing services. in the future, if competition for the services of these professionals increases, the company may not be able to continue to attract and retain individuals in its markets. the company's revenues and earnings could be adversely affected if a significant number of professionals terminate their relationship with the company or become unable or unwilling to continue their employment.
unionization of employees, union strikes, or work stoppages could adversely affect the company's operations and have a material effect upon the company's business.
the company is a party to collective bargaining agreements with various labor unions. disputes with regard to the terms of these agreements or its potential inability to negotiate acceptable contracts with these unions could result in, among other things, labor unrest, strikes, work stoppages, or other slowdowns by the affected workers. if unionized workers were to engage in a strike, work stoppage, or other slowdown, or other employees were to become unionized, the company could experience a significant disruption of its operations or higher ongoing labor costs, either of which could have a material adverse effect upon the company's business. additionally, future labor agreements, or renegotiation of labor agreements or provisions of labor agreements, could compromise its service reliability and significantly increase its costs, which could have a material adverse impact upon the company's business.
a significant increase in the company's days sales outstanding could increase bad debt expense and have an adverse effect on the company's business including its cash flow.
billing for laboratory services is a complex process. laboratories bill many different payers including doctors, patients, hundreds of insurance companies, medicare, medicaid and employer groups, all of which have different billing requirements. in addition to billing complexities, the company is experiencing increasing patient responsibility as a result of managed care fee-for-service plans which continue to increase patient copayments, coinsurance and deductibles. a material increase in the company's days sales outstanding level ("dso") resulting in an increase in the company's bad debt expense could have an adverse effect on the company's business including its cash flow.
failure in the company's information technology systems or delays or failures in the development and implementation of the company's labcorp beacon® platform could significantly increase testing turn-around time or billing processes and otherwise disrupt the company's operations or customer relationships.
the company's laboratory operations and customer relationships depend, in part, on the continued performance of its information technology systems. despite network security measures and other precautions the company has taken, its information technology systems are potentially vulnerable to physical or electronic break-ins, computer viruses and similar disruptions. in addition, the company is in the process of integrating the information technology systems of its recently acquired subsidiaries, and the company may experience system failures or interruptions as a result of this process. sustained system failures or interruption of the company's systems in one or more of its laboratory operations could disrupt the company's ability to process laboratory requisitions, perform testing, provide test results in a timely manner and/or bill the appropriate party. the company is also continuing to enhance its labcorp beacon platform and could experience delays or deficiencies in the development process. failure of the company's information technology systems could adversely affect the company's business, profitability and financial condition.
operations may be disrupted and adversely impacted by the effects of natural disasters such as adverse weather and earthquakes, or acts of terrorism, or other criminal activities, or disease pandemics.
such events may result in a temporary decline in the number of patients who seek laboratory testing services. in addition, such events may temporarily interrupt the company's ability to transport specimens, the company's information technology systems, the company's ability to utilize certain laboratories, and/or the company's ability to receive material from its suppliers.
a significant deterioration in the economy could negatively impact testing volumes, cash collections and the availability of credit.
the company's operations are dependent upon ongoing demand for diagnostic testing services by patients, physicians, hospitals, mcos, and others. a significant downturn in the economy could negatively impact the demand for diagnostic testing as well as the ability of patients and other payers to pay for services ordered. in addition, uncertainty in the credit markets could reduce the availability of credit and impact the company's ability to meet its financing needs in the future.
35
index hardware and software failures, delays in the operation of computer and communications systems, the failure to implement system enhancements or cyber security breaches may harm the company.
the company's success depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of its computer and communications systems. a failure of the network or data gathering procedures could impede the processing of data, delivery of databases and services, client orders and day-to-day management of the business and could result in the corruption or loss of data. while certain operations have appropriate disaster recovery plans in place, there currently are not redundant facilities everywhere in the world to provide it capacity in the event of a system failure. despite any precautions the company may take, damage from fire, floods, hurricanes, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, break-ins, cybersecurity breaches and similar events at our various computer facilities could result in interruptions in the flow of data to the servers and from the servers to clients. in addition, any failure by the computer environment to provide required data communications capacity could result in interruptions in service. in the event of a delay in the delivery of data, the company could be required to transfer data collection operations to an alternative provider of server hosting services. such a transfer could result in delays in the ability to deliver products and services to clients. additionally, significant delays in the planned delivery of system enhancements, improvements and inadequate performance of the systems once they are completed could damage the company's reputation and harm the business. finally, long-term disruptions in the infrastructure caused by events such as natural disasters, the outbreak of war, the escalation of hostilities, acts of terrorism (particularly involving cities in which the company has offices) and cybersecurity breaches could adversely affect the business. although the company carries property and business interruption insurance, the coverage may not be adequate to compensate for all losses that may occur.
changes in reimbursement by foreign governments and foreign currency exchange fluctuations could have an adverse impact on the company's business.
the company has business and operations outside the u.s. changes by foreign governments in reimbursement for the company's services and foreign currency fluctuations could have an adverse impact on the company's business.
the company's growing international operations could subject it to additional risks and expenses that could adversely impact the business or results of operations.
the expansion of the company's international operations exposes it to risks from failure to comply with foreign laws and regulations that differ from those under which the company operates in the u.s. in addition, the company may be adversely affected by other risks of expanded operations in foreign countries, including export controls and trade regulations, changes in tax policies or other foreign laws, restrictions on currency repatriation, judicial systems that less strictly enforce contractual rights, countries that provide less protection for intellectual property rights, and procedures and actions affecting approval, production, pricing, reimbursement and marketing of products and services. further, international operations could subject the company to additional expenses that the company may not fully anticipate, including those related to enhanced time and resources necessary to comply with foreign laws and regulations, difficulty in collecting accounts receivable and longer collection periods, and difficulties and costs of staffing and managing foreign operations. in some countries, the company's success will depend in part on its ability to form relationships with local partners. the company's inability to identify appropriate partners or reach mutually satisfactory arrangements could adversely affect the business and operations.
risks associated with company's acquisition of covance in order to fund the covance acquisition, the company has materially reduced its cash balance and has taken on substantial additional indebtedness.
the company completed the acquisition of covance on february 19, 2015 (the "acquisition"). to fund the consideration to be paid to covance stockholders pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, the company used approximately $4.3 billion in cash and issued approximately 15.3 shares of the company's common stock. on november 2, 2014, in connection with entering into the merger agreement with covance, the company entered into a bridge facility commitment letter. under the bridge facility commitment letter, the lenders agreed to provide a $4.25 billion senior unsecured bridge term loan credit facility consisting of $3.85 billion 364-day unsecured bridge tranche and a $400.0 million 60-day unsecured cash bridge tranche for the purpose of financing all or a portion of the cash consideration and the fees and expenses in connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. on december 19, 2014, the company entered into a five-year term loan credit facility in the principal amount of $1.0 billion for the purpose of financing a portion of the cash consideration and the fees and expenses in connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. pursuant to the bridge facility commitment letter, upon the company's entry into the term loan credit facility, the $4.25 billion bridge facility was reduced to a $3.25 billion commitment, comprising a $2.85 billion 364-day unsecured debt bridge tranche and a $400.0 million 60-day cash bridge tranche. the $1.0 billion of term loan commitments made under the term loan credit facility reduced the debt bridge tranche under the bridge facility dollar for
36
index dollar. the term loan credit facility was advanced in full on february 19, 2015, the date of the company's completion of the acquisition.
on january 30, 2015, the company issued $2.9 billion in debt securities, consisting of $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.625% senior notes due 2020, $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.20% senior notes due 2022, $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.60% senior notes due 2025 and $900.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.700% senior notes due 2045 (together, the "acquisition notes"). net proceeds from the offering of the acquisition notes were $2,868.4 million after deducting underwriting discounts and other estimated expenses of the offering. net proceeds were used to pay a portion of the cash consideration and the fees and expenses in connection with the company's acquisition of covance. pursuant to the bridge facility commitment letter, upon the company's issuance of the acquisition notes the remaining $2.85 billion 364-day unsecured debt bridge tranche under the senior unsecured bridge term loan credit facility was terminated.
on february 13, 2015, the company entered into a 60-day cash bridge term loan credit facility in the principal amount of $400.0 million for the purpose of financing a portion of the cash consideration and the fees and expenses in connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. the 60-day cash bridge term loan credit facility was entered into on the terms set forth in the bridge facility commitment letter for the $400.0 million 60-day cash bridge tranche. the 60-day cash bridge term loan credit facility was advanced in full on february 19, 2015, the date of the company's completion of the acquisition.
the company's lower cash balance and increased indebtedness resulting from the acquisition financing could adversely affect its business. in particular, it could increase the company's vulnerability to sustained, adverse macroeconomic weakness, limit its ability to obtain further financing and limit its ability to pursue certain operational and strategic opportunities.
it may be difficult to integrate the business of covance into the company's current business and the company may fail to realize the anticipated revenue growth expected from the transaction, which could adversely affect its operating results and the market price of its common stock.
if the company experiences greater than anticipated costs to integrate covance drug development into its existing operations or is not able to achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition, its business and results of operations could be negatively affected. in addition, it is possible that the ongoing integration process could result in the loss of key employees, errors or delays in systems implementation, the disruption of the company's ongoing business or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies that adversely affect the company's ability to maintain relationships with customers and employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition. integration efforts also may divert management attention and resources.
these integration matters may have an adverse effect on the company, particularly during any transition period. in addition, although covance drug development is subject to many of the same risks and uncertainties that the company faces in its business, the acquisition of covance also involves the company entering new product and services areas, markets and industries, which presents risks resulting from the company's relative inexperience in these new areas. covance business's laboratory testing business could react differently to economic and other external factors than the company's. the company faces the risk that it will not be successful with these new products and services or in these new markets.
the success of the transaction will depend, in significant part, on the company's ability to successfully integrate the acquired business and realize the anticipated benefits to be derived from incorporating covance drug development into its operations. the company believes that the acquisition will provide an opportunity for revenue growth in development and commercialization of drugs and diagnostics, nutritional analysis and other areas, including a number of new business areas for the company. actual revenue growth, if any, may be lower than the company expects and may take longer to achieve than anticipated, and expenses may be higher than the company expects. if the company is not able to achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition, the value of its common stock may be adversely affected.
the company has made certain assumptions relating to the covance acquisition that may prove to be materially inaccurate.
the company has made certain assumptions relating to the covance acquisition that may prove to be materially inaccurate, including as a result of the failure to realize the expected benefits of the acquisition, a longer acquisition and transition process than expected, higher than expected transaction and integration costs and unknown liabilities, or general economic and business conditions that could adversely affect the combined company following the acquisition. these assumptions relate to numerous matters, including:
•the company's assessments of the asset quality and value of covance and its assets;
•   projections of the business and covance drug development's future financial performance;
37
index
•   the company's ability to realize synergies and the timeline for doing so;
•   acquisition costs, including restructuring charges and transaction costs;
•   the company's ability to develop, maintain and deepen relationships with covance drug development's customers; and
•   other financial and strategic risks of the acquisition.
if one or more of these assumptions are incorrect, it could have a material adverse effect on the company's business and operating results, and the expected benefits from the acquisition may not be realized.
the company incurred significant transaction and acquisition-related costs in connection with the acquisition.
the company has incurred and expects to continue to incur a number of non-recurring costs associated with the acquisition. these costs and expenses include fees paid to financial, legal and accounting advisors, facilities and systems consolidation costs, severance and other potential employment-related costs, including payments that may be made to certain covance business' executives, filing fees, printing expenses and other related charges. there are also a large number of processes, policies, procedures, operations, technologies and systems that the company intends to integrate in connection with the acquisition and the integration of the two companies' businesses. while the company has assumed that a certain level of expenses will be incurred in connection with the acquisition and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, there are many factors beyond its control that could affect the total cost or the timing of the integration and implementation expenses.
there may also be additional and significant unanticipated costs in connection with the acquisition that the company may not be able to recoup. these costs and expenses could reduce the realization of efficiencies, strategic benefits and additional income the company expects to achieve from the acquisition. although the company believes that these expected benefits will offset the transaction expenses and implementation costs over time, a net benefit may not be achieved in the near term or at all.
the acquisition may not be accretive, and may be dilutive, to the company's earnings per share, which may negatively affect the market price of the company's common stock.
because shares of the company's common stock were issued in the acquisition, it is possible that the acquisition will be dilutive to the company's earnings per share, which could negatively affect the market price of shares of the company's common stock. in addition, future events and conditions could increase the dilution of the company's earnings as determined under generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") that is currently projected, including adverse changes in market conditions, additional transaction and integration-related costs and other factors such as the failure to realize some or all of the benefits anticipated in the acquisition. any dilution of, or delay of any accretion to, the company's earnings per share, should cause the price of shares of the company's common stock to decline or grow at a reduced rate.
covance drug development is subject to uncertainties related to the acquisition that could adversely affect its financial results and ability to retain key employees.
uncertainty about the effect of the acquisition on covance drug development's customers, employees or suppliers may have an adverse effect on covance. although covance drug development has taken steps to reduce any adverse effects, these uncertainties may impair its ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel until the acquisition is completed and for a period of time thereafter, and could cause disruptions in its relationships with customers, suppliers and other parties with which it deals.
in particular, the company considers covance drug development's strong management team an attractive aspect of covance. the loss of members of covance drug development's senior management team could have an adverse effect on the company's ability to operate covance drug development and integrate it into the company's consolidated operations. retention of these key members may be particularly challenging prior to and even for a period after the completion of the acquisition, as employees may experience uncertainty about their future roles. if, despite retention and recruiting efforts, key employees depart because of issues relating to the uncertainty and difficulty of integration or a desire not to remain with covance drug development, its business operations and financial results could be adversely affected.
the company also expects that matters relating to the acquisition and integration-related issues will place a significant burden on the company's and covance drug development's management, employees and internal resources, which could otherwise have been devoted to other business opportunities and improvements.
38
index changes in government regulation or in practices relating to the pharmaceutical industry could decrease the need for certain services that covance drug development provides.
following the company's acquisition of covance, a portion of its business involves assisting pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies navigate the regulatory drug approval process. changes in regulations such as a relaxation in regulatory requirements or the introduction of simplified drug approval procedures, or an increase in regulatory requirements that covance drug development has difficulty satisfying or that make its service less competitive, could eliminate or substantially reduce the demand for its services. also, if government efforts to contain drug costs impact pharmaceutical and biotechnology company profits from new drugs, some of covance drug development's customers may spend less, or reduce their growth in spending on research and development. if health insurers were to change their practices with respect to reimbursement for pharmaceutical products, some of covance drug development's customers may spend less, or reduce their growth in spending on research and development.
covance drug development's revenues depend on the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries.
covance drug development's revenues depend greatly on the expenditures made by the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries in research and development. in some instances, companies in these industries are reliant on their ability to raise capital in order to fund their research and development projects. accordingly, economic factors and industry trends that affect covance drug development's clients in these industries also affect covance drug development. if companies in these industries were to reduce the number of research and development projects they conduct or outsource, whether through inability to raise capital, industry trends, economic conditions or otherwise, covance drug development could be materially adversely affected.
covance drug development may bear financial losses because many of its contracts are of a fixed price nature and may be delayed or terminated or reduced in scope for reasons beyond its control.
many of covance drug development's contracts provide for services on a fixed price or fee-for-service with a cap basis and they may be terminated or reduced in scope either immediately or upon notice. cancellations may occur for a variety of reasons, including:
•   the failure of products to satisfy safety requirements;
•   unexpected or undesired results of the products;
•   insufficient patient enrollment;
•   insufficient investigator recruitment;
•   the client's decision to terminate the development of a product or to end a particular study; and
•   covance drug development's failure to perform properly its duties under the contract.
the loss, reduction in scope or delay of a large contract or the loss, delay or conclusion of multiple contracts could materially adversely affect covance drug development, although its contracts often entitle it to receive the costs of winding down the terminated projects, as well as all fees earned up to the time of termination.
covance drug development operates in a highly competitive industry.
competitors in the contract research organization industry range from small, limited-service providers to full service global contract research organizations. covance drug development's main competition consists of in-house departments of pharmaceutical companies, full-service and functional contract research organizations, and, to a lesser degree, universities and teaching hospitals. covance drug development competes on a variety of factors, including:
•   reputation for on-time quality performance and regulatory compliance;
•   expertise and experience in specific areas;
•   scope of service offerings;
•   strengths in various geographic markets;
•   price;
•   technological expertise and efficient drug development processes;
•   quality of facilities;
•   ability to acquire, process, analyze and report data in an accurate manner;
•   ability to manage large-scale clinical trials both domestically and internationally;
•   expertise and experience in market access services; and
•   size.
for instance, certain of covance drug development's services have from time-to-time experienced periods of increased price competition which had an adverse effect on a segment's profitability and consolidated net revenues and net income.
there is competition among contract research organizations for both clients and potential acquisition candidates. additionally, entities considering entering the contract research organization industry will find few barriers to entry, thus further increasing
39
index possible competition. these competitive pressures may affect the attractiveness of covance drug development's services and could adversely affect its financial results and the financial results of the company.
contract research services create a risk of liability.
in contracting to work on drug development trials and studies, covance drug development faces a range of potential liabilities, including:
•   errors or omissions that create harm during a trial to study volunteers or after trial to consumers of drug after regulatory approval of the drug;
•   general risks associated with clinical pharmacology facilities, including negative consequences from the administration of drugs to clinical trial participants or the professional malpractice of clinical pharmacology medical care providers;
•   errors or omissions from tests conducted for the agricultural, food, beverage and dietary supplement industries;
•   risks that animals in covance drug development's breeding facilities may be infected with diseases that may be harmful and even lethal to themselves and humans despite preventive measures contained in covance business policies, including those for the quarantine and handling of imported animals; and
•   errors and omissions during a trial that may undermine the usefulness of a trial or data from the trial or study or may delay the entry of a drug to the market.
covance drug development also contracts with physicians, also referred to as investigators, to conduct the clinical trials to test new drugs on human volunteers. these tests can create a risk of liability for personal injury or death to volunteers, resulting from negative reactions to the drugs administered or from professional malpractice by third party investigators.
while covance drug development endeavors to include in its contracts provisions entitling it to be indemnified or entitling it to a limitation of liability, these provisions do not uniformly protect covance drug development against liability arising from certain of its own actions, such as negligence or misconduct. covance drug development could be materially and adversely affected if it were required to pay damages or bear the costs of defending any claim that is not covered by a contractual indemnification provision or in the event that a party who must indemnify it does not fulfill its indemnification obligations, or in the event that the damages and costs exceed covance drug development insurance coverage. there can be no assurance that covance drug development will be able to maintain sufficient insurance coverage on terms acceptable to it.
covance drug development revenues and earnings are exposed to exchange rate fluctuations.
covance drug development derives a large portion of its net revenues from international operations. since the company's consolidated financial statements are denominated in u.s. dollars, fluctuations in exchange rates from period to period will have an impact on reported results. in addition, in certain circumstances, covance drug development may incur costs in one currency related to its services or products for which it is paid in a different currency. as a result, factors associated with international operations, including changes in foreign currency exchange rates, could significantly affect covance drug development's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
actions of animal rights extremists may affect business.
early development services utilize animals in preclinical testing of the safety and efficacy of drugs and also breed and sell animals for biomedical research. such activities are required for the development of new medicines and medical devices under regulatory regimes in the united states, europe, japan and other countries. acts of vandalism and other acts by animal rights extremists who object to the use of animals in drug development could have an adverse effect on the covance drug development business.
animal populations may suffer diseases that can damage covance drug development's inventory, harm its reputation, result in decreased sales of research products or result in other liability.
it is important that research products be free of diseases, including infectious diseases. the presence of diseases can distort or compromise the quality of research results, can cause loss of animals in covance drug development's inventory, can result in harm to humans or outside animal populations if the disease is not contained to animals in inventory, or can result in other losses. such results could harm covance drug develpment's reputation or have an adverse effect on financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (in millions)
general net sales for 2014 increased 3.5% in comparison to 2013. the increase was the result of strong organic volume growth along with the benefit of fold-in acquisitions, which was partially offset by changes in test and payer mix. total test volume (measured by number of requisitions) increased 5.3% year over year, and year over year revenue per requisition decreased 1.7% of which 0.4% was due to foreign currency translation with the remainder due to changes in test and payer mix.
during 2014 and 2013, the impact of weather reduced the company's revenues by an estimated $40.0 and $12.7, respectively.
the company has seen growth in the amount of its patient accounts receivable. a significant portion of the company's bad debt expense is related to accounts receivable from patients. the company believes its current allowance for doubtful accounts is sufficient to properly record its accounts receivable at their estimated net realizable value. should the shift towards increased patient responsibility continue, the company may need to increase its allowance for doubtful accounts and bad debt expense in future periods.
on february, 19. 2015, the company completed its acquisition of covance inc. ("covance"), a leading drug development services company and a leader in nutritional analysis, for approximately $6,200.0. in connection with the transaction, the company secured permanent financing, including a $1,000.0 5 year term loan and $2,900.0 in long term bonds, ranging from 5 years to 30 years. the weighted average interest rate on the $3,900.0 of long-term debt is approximately 3.15%, while the average maturity is approximately 12 years. as a result, the company anticipates a significant increase in the total debt to consolidated ebitda ratio for the combined company. in addition, the company issued approximately 15.3 million shares of the company's common stock to the covance shareholders. the company expects to maintain an investment grade credit profile and intends to utilize its free cash flow to pay down debt and make small "fold-in" acquisitions.
covance 2014 net revenues were approximately $2,500.0 and operating income margin was approximately 9.3%. approximately 52.0% of covance's net revenues are billed in currencies other than the u.s. dollar, with the swiss franc, british pound, and the euro representing approximately 70.0% of covance's total foreign currency exposure. while the company expects to achieve annual cost synergies in excess of $100.0 to be fully realized within three years of closing the transaction, 2015 results will be impacted by increased interest expense and lower margins from covance.
the company manages its operations through two reportable segments: the clinical diagnostics laboratory segment, which includes core testing as well as genomic and esoteric testing, and the other segment, which consists of the company's non-u.s. clinical diagnostic laboratory operations in ontario, canada, which is reviewed separately by corporate management for the purposes of allocation of resources. as mentioned above, in item 1, "business," of this annual report, the clinical diagnostics laboratory segment results of operations have been negatively impacted by reductions in payments for laboratory services, primarily from federal and state government entities. operating results for the other segment have declined as compared to 2013, primarily due to government reimbursement reductions, as well as the impact of the stronger u.s. dollar in 2014 as compared with 2013.
the discussion of the company's financial condition and results of operations set forth below does not reflect the operations or results of covance, which will operate as covance drug development. references in this item 7 to the "company" do not include covance drug development, except where the circumstances clearly indicate otherwise.
seasonality the majority of the company's testing volume is dependent on patient visits to physician offices and other providers of health care. volume of testing generally declines during the year-end holiday periods and other major holidays. in addition, volume declines due to inclement weather may reduce net revenues and cash flows. therefore, comparison of the results of successive periods may not accurately reflect trends or results from one year to the next.
52
index results of operations (amounts in millions except revenue per requisition info)
years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012
net sales years ended december 31,                          change net sales                                      2014                    2013                    2012            2014            2013
clinical diagnostics laboratory:
core testing                          $3,656.6                $3,445.1                $3,246.6             6.1    %        6.1    %
genomic and esoteric testing           2,025.6                 2,020.1                 2,089.8             0.3    %       (3.3   )%
other                                    329.4                   343.1                   335.0            (4.0   )%        2.4    %
total                                 $6,011.6                $5,808.3                $5,671.4             3.5    %        2.4    %
years ended december 31,                  change volume                                    2014              2013              2012        2014        2013
clinical diagnostics laboratory:
core testing                        94.8              89.9              86.2           5.4   %     4.3   %
genomic and esoteric testing        32.5              31.2              29.9           4.4   %     4.3   %
other                               10.7               9.9               9.8           7.3   %     1.0   %
total                              138.0             131.0             125.9           5.3   %     4.0   %
years ended december 31,                           change revenue per requisition                      2014                  2013                  2012             2014            2013
clinical diagnostics laboratory:
core testing                          $38.56                $38.31                $37.68              0.7   %         1.7   %
genomic and esoteric testing           62.25                 64.84                 69.94             (4.0   )%       (7.3   )%
other                                  30.89                 34.53                 33.94            (10.5   )%        1.7   %
total                                 $43.56                $44.33                $45.04             (1.7   )%       (1.6   )%
the increase in net sales for the three years ended december 31, 2014 has been driven primarily by strong organic volume growth and the benefit of fold-in acquisitions made in all years in both of the company's segments, along with growth in the company's managed care business and toxicology testing, partially offset by test and payer mix. during 2014, the impact of weather reduced the company's revenues by an estimated $40.0. the increase in revenue per requisition in core testing is the result of the number of tests per requisition and a change in the mix of testing within that category. the decline in revenue per requisition in genomic and esoteric testing is primarily a result of a change in the mix of tests within those categories.
during 2013, the impact of weather, reduced the company's revenues by an estimated $12.7, of which $5.3 occurred in the fourth quarter. the 2013 decline in revenue per requisition in genomic and esoteric testing is a result of a change in mix of genetic and histology testing. histology revenue per requisition was also impacted by payment reductions on the medicare physician fee schedule. further, revenue per requisition also decreased due to delays in payments and denials of coverage for existing tests by some payers after implementation of new molecular pathology codes at the beginning of the year and the implementation of sequestration on april 1, 2013.
net sales of the other segment were $329.4 for 2014 compared to $343.1 in 2013, a decrease of $13.7, or 4.0%. net sales of the other segment were negatively impacted by a stronger u.s. dollar in 2014 as compared with 2013 and 2012. in canadian dollars, net sales of the other segment for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 were cn$363.6
cn$353.2 and cn$334.7, respectively.
53
index cost of sales                                                           years ended december 31,                  change
2014                                                                2013                    2012        2014        2013
cost of sales                      $3,808.5                $3,585.1                $3,421.7          6.2   %     4.8   %
cost of sales as a % of sales          63.4    %               61.7    %               60.3    %
cost of sales (primarily laboratory and distribution costs) increased 6.2% in 2014 as compared with 2013 primarily due to increased test volumes and test mix changes. the increase in cost of sales as a percentage of net sales in 2014 as compared to 2013 is due to the increased number of tests per requisition. the increase in cost of sales as a percentage of net sales in 2013 as compared to 2012 is primarily due to lower revenues resulting from the medicare fee reductions, the impact of delays and denials of coverage of molecular pathology codes and sequestration in 2013, as mentioned above.
labor and testing supplies for the year ended december 31, 2014, comprise over 77.4% of the company's cost of sales. cost of sales has increased over the three year period ended december 31, 2014 primarily due to overall growth in the company's volume (including a 2.5% increase in the number of tests per requisition), the impact of acquisitions and increases in labor.
selling, general and administrative expenses years ended december 31,                  change
2014                                                                               2013                    2012        2014        2013
selling, general and administrative expenses      $1,198.2                $1,128.8                $1,114.6          6.1   %     1.3   %
sg&amp;a as a % of sales                              19.9    %               19.4    %               19.7    %
selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales increased to 19.9% in 2014 compared to 19.4% in 2013. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales is partially due to $13.8 in fees related to the covance and liposcience, inc. acquisitions recorded in 2014. additionally, bad debt expense increased to 4.6% of net sales in 2014 as compared to 4.4% of net sales in 2013. the company also recorded $18.6 in consulting expenses (recorded in selling, general and administrative) relating to fees incurred as part of its business process improvement initiative as well as one-time cfo transition costs.
selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased to 19.4% in 2013 compared to 19.7% in 2012. the decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales was primarily due to $9.9 in fees related to the medtox acquisition recorded in 2012 and to efficiencies from acquired operations that are being integrated into the company's operating cost structure. additionally, bad debt expense increased to 4.4% of net sales in 2013 as compared to 4.3% of net sales in 2012.
amortization of intangibles and other assets years ended december 31,                          change
2014                                                          2013                2012                2014            2013
amortization of intangibles and other assets     $76.7               $81.7               $86.3            (6.1   )%       (5.3   )%
the decrease in amortization of intangibles and other assets over the three year period ended december 31, 2014 primarily reflects the net impact of acquisitions closed during all three years offset by adjustments to the fair value of deferred acquisition payments. during 2012, the company recorded $6.2 in accelerated amortization relating to the termination of a licensing agreement.
restructuring and other special charges years ended december 31,
2014                                                     2013                2012
restructuring and other special charges     $17.8               $21.8               $25.3
during 2014, the company recorded net restructuring charges of $17.8. the charges were comprised of $10.5 in severance and other personnel costs and $8.4 in facility-related costs primarily associated with general integration activities. these charges were offset by the reversal of previously established reserves of $0.4 in unused severance and $0.7 in unused facility-related costs.
54
index in addition, during 2014, the company recorded $18.6 in consulting expenses (recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses) relating to fees incurred as part of its business process improvement initiative as well as one-time cfo transition costs. the company also recorded $10.8 of costs related to the covance acquisition, of which $4.8 is included in selling, general and administrative expenses and $6.0 is included in interest expense.
during 2013, the company recorded net restructuring charges of $21.8. the charges were comprised of $15.4 in severance and other personnel costs and $9.5 in facility-related costs primarily associated with general integration activities. these charges were offset by the reversal of previously established reserves of $0.7 in unused severance and $2.4 in unused facility related costs.
during 2012, the company recorded net restructuring charges of $25.3. the charges were comprised of $16.2 in severance and other personnel costs and $19.6 in facility-related costs primarily associated with the ongoing integration of orchid and integrated genetics division (formerly genzyme genetics) and costs associated with the previously announced termination of an executive vice president. these charges were offset by the reversal of previously established reserves of $6.3 in unused severance and $4.2 in unused facility-related costs.
as part of the clearstone integration, the company also recorded a $6.9 loss on the disposal of one of its european subsidiaries in other, net under other income (expenses) during 2012.
during 2014, the company announced project launchpad, which re-engineers the company's systems and processes, leverages technological advancements and creates a sustainable, more efficient business model. the company expects this initiative to drive savings in excess of $150.0 over the next three years, with associated one-time costs of approximately $30.0. the company believes that any restructuring costs which may be incurred in future periods will be more than offset by subsequent savings realized from these potential actions and that any related restructuring charges will not have a material impact on the company's operations or liquidity.
interest expense                                 years ended december 31,                    change
2014                                2013                2012                       2014        2013
interest expense      $109.5               $96.5               $94.5           13.5   %     2.1   %
the increase in interest expense for 2014 as compared with 2013 is primarily due to the issuance of $700.0 of senior notes in november 2013, reductions in borrowings under the company's former revolving credit facility, and covance-related financing activities. this increase was also partially offset by a decrease in interest expense on the company's senior notes due 2020 as a result of entering into a fixed to floating interest rate swap in the third quarter of 2013. the new and former revolving credit facilities and the company's financing activities in connection with the covance acquisition are described below under the heading "liquidity, capital resources, and financial position."
the increase in interest expense for 2013 as compared with 2012 is primarily due to the issuance of $700.0 of senior notes in november 2013 and $1,000.0 of senior notes in august 2012, net of the payoff of the company's 5.5% senior notes due 2013 and the reductions in borrowings under the former revolving credit facility due to paydowns with proceeds from the 2012 and 2013 issuances. this increase was also partially offset by a decrease in interest expense on the senior notes due 2020 as a result of entering into a fixed to floating interest rate swap in the third quarter of 2013.
equity method income years ended december 31,                            change
2014                                  2013                2012                2014             2013
equity method income     $14.3               $16.9               $21.4            (15.4   )%       (21.0   )%
equity method income represents the company's ownership share in joint venture partnerships along with equity investments in other companies in the health care industry. the decrease in income in 2014 compared to 2013 is primarily the result of a decline in profitability of one of the company's joint venture partnerships due to a challenging business climate in its market.
the decrease in income in 2013 compared to 2012 is primarily the result of a $2.9 increase recorded in 2012 due to the liquidation of one of its joint ventures and a decline in profitability of one of the company's joint venture partnerships due to a challenging business climate in its market.
55
index other, net years ended december 31,                      change
2014                        2013                2012                       2014          2013
other, net     $10.4                $2.1             $(7.2     )      395.2   %     129.2   %
other, net represents the company's gain on the sale of its investment in an equity security, partially offset by the impairment of other investments.
income tax expense                                                                 years ended december 31,
2014                                                                             2013                  2012
income tax expense                                  $314.1                $340.2                $359.4
income tax expense as a % of income before tax        38.0    %             37.2    %             38.1    %
the effective rate for 2014 was unfavorably impacted by the recording of a full valuation allowance for the write-down of two of the company's investments.
the effective rate for 2013 was favorably impacted by the release of a capital loss valuation allowance and recording two years of a research and development tax credit. the american taxpayer relief act of 2012 was enacted in early 2013 and reinstated the r&d tax credit for 2012 and extended the credit for calendar year 2013.
the effective tax rate for 2012 was favorably impacted by a decrease in the reserve for unrecognized income tax benefits, partially offset by an increase in tax on the additional investment in the company's canadian subsidiary.
liquidity, capital resources and financial position the company's strong cash-generating capability and financial condition typically have provided ready access to capital markets. the company's principal source of liquidity is operating cash flow, supplemented by proceeds from debt offerings. this cash-generating capability is one of the company's fundamental strengths and provides substantial financial flexibility in meeting operating, investing and financing needs.
on february 19, 2015, the company completed its acquisition of covance for approximately $6,200.0, pursuant to a definitive merger agreement entered into on november 2, 2014 (the "merger agreement"). covance stockholders received $75.76 in cash and 0.2686 shares of the company's common stock for each share of covance common stock they owned immediately prior to consummation of the acquisition.
on january 30, 2015, the company issued $2,900.0 in debt securities, consisting of $500.0 aggregate principal amount of 2.625% senior notes due 2020, $500.0 aggregate principal amount of 3.20% senior notes due 2022, $1,000.0 aggregate principal amount of 3.60% senior notes due 2025 and $900.0 aggregate principal amount of 4.700% senior notes due 2045 (together, the "acquisition notes"). net proceeds from the offering of the acquisition notes were $2,870.2 after deducting underwriting discounts and other estimated expenses of the offering. net proceeds were used to pay a portion of the cash consideration and the fees and expenses in connection with the covance acquisition.
with the acquisition of covance, the company anticipates a significant increase in the total debt to consolidated ebitda ratio for the combined company. the company expects to maintain an investment grade credit profile and intends to utilize its free cash flow to pay down debt and make small "fold-in" acquisitions.
on november 1, 2013, the company issued $700.0 in new senior notes pursuant to an effective shelf registration on form s-3. the senior notes consisted of $400.0 aggregate principal amount of 2.50% senior notes due 2018 and $300.0 aggregate principal amount of 4.00% senior notes due 2023. the net proceeds were first used to repay all of the outstanding borrowings under the company's former revolving credit facility and the remainder was used for general corporate purposes.
during the third quarter of 2013, the company entered into fixed-to-variable interest rate swap agreements for the 4.625% senior notes due 2020 with an aggregate notional amount of $600.0 and variable interest rates based on one-month libor plus
56
index
2.298% to hedge against changes in the fair value of a portion of the company's long term debt.  these derivative financial instruments are accounted for as fair value hedges of the senior notes due 2020.  these interest rate swaps are included in other long term assets and added to the value of the senior notes, with an aggregate fair value of $18.5 at december 31, 2014. as the specific terms and notional amounts of the derivative financial instruments match those of the fixed-rate debt being hedged, the derivative instruments are assumed to be perfectly effective hedges and accordingly, there is no impact to the company's consolidated statements of operations. there were no derivative instruments designated as accounting hedges in 2012.
on august 23, 2012, the company issued $1,000.0 in new senior notes pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on form s-3. the new senior notes consisted of $500.0 aggregate principal amount of 2.20% senior notes due 2017 and $500.0 aggregate principal amount of 3.75% senior notes due 2022. the net proceeds were used to repay $625.0 of the outstanding borrowings under the company's former revolving credit facility. the remaining proceeds were used for other general corporate purposes.
on july 31, 2012, the company completed its acquisition of medtox for $236.4 in cash, excluding transaction fees. the acquisition was financed through borrowings from the company's revolving credit facility and cash on hand.
operating activities in 2014, the company's operations provided $739.0 of cash, reflecting the company's solid business results. in 2013, the company's operations provided $818.7 of cash. the decrease in cash provided from operations in 2014 as compared with 2013 is primarily attributable to lower net earnings and the timing of certain working capital items. the company continues to focus on efforts to increase cash collections from all payers and to generate ongoing improvements to the claim submission processes.
investing activities capital expenditures were $203.5, $202.2, and $173.8 for 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively. the increase in capital spending in 2014 was related to certain integration and cost savings initiatives started by the company. the company expects capital expenditures of approximately $185.0 to $205.0 in 2015. such expenditures are expected to be funded by cash flow from operations, as well as borrowings under the company's former revolving credit facility as needed.
the company remains committed to growing its business through a combination of internal development initiatives, technology licensing and partnership transactions and selected business acquisitions. excluding covance, the company has invested a total of $579.5 over the past three years in strategic business acquisitions, including liposcience, inc. and bode technology group, inc. in 2014. these acquisitions have helped strengthen the company's geographic presence along with expanding capabilities in the specialty testing operations. the company believes the acquisition market remains attractive with a number of opportunities to strengthen its scientific capabilities, grow esoteric testing capabilities and increase presence in key geographic areas.
the company has invested a total of $2.5 over the past three years in licensing new testing technologies and had $30.0 net book value of capitalized patents, licenses and technology as of december 31, 2014. while the company continues to believe its strategy of entering into licensing and technology distribution agreements with the developers of leading-edge technologies will provide future growth in revenues, there are certain risks associated with these investments. these risks include, but are not limited to, the failure of the licensed technology to gain broad acceptance in the marketplace and/or that insurance companies, managed care organizations, or medicare and medicaid will not approve reimbursement for these tests at a level commensurate with the costs of running the tests. any or all of these circumstances could result in impairment in the value of the related capitalized licensing costs.
financing activities on november 2, 2014, in connection with entering into the merger agreement with covance, the company entered into a bridge facility commitment letter. under the bridge facility commitment letter, the lenders agreed to provide a $4,250.0 senior unsecured bridge term loan credit facility consisting of a $3,850.0 364-day unsecured debt bridge tranche and a $400.0 60-day unsecured cash bridge tranche for the purpose of financing all or a portion of the cash consideration and the fees and expenses in connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. the bridge facility was permitted to be drawn only in a single drawing on the closing date of the acquisition.
on december 19, 2014, the company entered into a five-year term loan credit facility in the principal amount of $1,000.0 for the purpose of financing a portion of the cash consideration and the fees and expenses in connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. pursuant to the bridge facility commitment letter, upon the company's entry into the term loan credit facility, the $4,250.0 bridge facility was reduced to a $3,250.0 commitment, comprised of a $2,850.0 364-day
57
index unsecured debt bridge tranche and a $400.0 60-day cash bridge tranche. the $1,000.0 of term loan commitments made under the term loan credit facility reduced the debt bridge tranche under the bridge facility dollar for dollar.
the term loan credit facility was advanced in full on february 19, 2015, the date of the company's completion of the acquisition. the term loan credit facility will mature five years after the closing date of the acquisition and may be prepaid without penalty.
on december 19, 2014, the company also entered into an amendment and restatement of its existing senior revolving credit facility, which was originally entered into on december 21, 2011. the senior revolving credit facility, consists of a five-year revolving facility in the principal amount of up to $1,000.0, with the option of increasing the facility by up to an additional $250.0, subject to the agreement of one or more new or existing lenders to provide such additional amounts and certain other customary conditions. the new revolving credit facility also provides for a subfacility of up to $100.0 for swing line borrowings and a subfacility of up to $125.0 for issuances of letters of credit. the new revolving credit facility is permitted to be used for general corporate purposes, including working capital, capital expenditures, funding of share repurchases and certain other payments, and acquisitions and other investments.
on january 30, 2015, the company issued the acquisition notes, which represent $2,900.0 in debt securities. net proceeds from the offering of the acquisition notes were $2,870.2 after deducting underwriting discounts and other estimated expenses of the offering. net proceeds were used to pay a portion of the cash consideration and the fees and expenses in connection with the company's acquisition of covance. pursuant to the bridge facility commitment letter, upon the company's issuance of the acquisition notes the remaining $2,850.0 364-day unsecured debt bridge tranche under the senior unsecured bridge term loan credit facility was terminated.
on february 13, 2015, the company entered into a 60-day cash bridge term loan credit facility in the principal amount of $400.0 for the purpose of financing a portion of the cash consideration and the fees and expenses in connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. the 60-day cash bridge term loan credit facility was entered on the terms set forth in the bridge facility commitment letter for the $400.0 60-day cash bridge tranche.
the 60-day cash bridge term loan credit facility was advanced in full on february 19, 2015, the date of the company's completion of the acquisition. the 60-day cash bridge term loan credit facility will mature 60 days after the closing date of the acquisition and may be prepaid without penalty. the 60-day cash bridge term loan credit facility is subject to mandatory prepayment upon the receipt by the company of net cash proceeds from certain asset dispositions, debt issuances, or equity issuances.
under the term loan credit facility and the new revolving credit facility and the 60-day cash bridge term loan credit facility, which have affirmative and negative covenants that are substantially identical, the company is subject to negative covenants limiting subsidiary indebtedness and certain other covenants typical for investment grade-rated borrowers and the company is required to maintain a leverage ratio that varies. prior to the acquisition closing date, the leverage ratio was required to have been no greater than 3.75 to 1.00, calculated by excluding the $2,900.0 acquisition notes. from and after the acquisition closing date, the leverage ratio must be no greater than 4.75 to 1.00 with respect to the last day of each of the first four fiscal quarters ending on or after the closing date, 4.25 to 1.00 with respect to the last day of each of the fifth through eighth fiscal quarters ending after the closing date, and 3.75 to 1.00 with respect to the last day of each fiscal quarter ending thereafter. the company was in compliance with all covenants in the term loan credit facility and the new revolving credit facility at december 31, 2014. as of december 31, 2014, the ratio of total debt to consolidated ebitda was 2.5 to 1.0.
the term loan credit facility will accrue interest at a per annum rate equal to, at the company's election, either a libor rate plus a margin ranging from 1.125% to 2.00%, or a base rate determined according to a prime rate or federal funds rate plus a margin ranging from 0.125% to 1.00%. advances under the new revolving credit facility will accrue interest at a per annum rate equal to, at the company's election, either a libor rate plus a margin ranging from 1.00 to 1.60%, or a base rate determined according to a prime rate or federal funds rate plus a margin ranging from 0.00% to 0.60%. fees are payable on outstanding letters of credit under the new revolving credit facility at a per annum rate equal to the applicable margin for libor loans, and the company is required to pay a facility fee on the aggregate commitments under the new revolving credit facility, at a per annum rate ranging from 0.125% to 0.40%. the 60-day cash bridge term loan credit facility will accrue interest at a per annum rate equal to, at the company's election, either a libor rate plus a margin ranging from 1.25% to 2.00%, or a base rate determined according to a prime rate or federal funds rate plus a margin ranging from 0.25% to 1.00%. in each case, the interest margin applicable to the credit facilities, and the facility fee and letter of credit fees payable under the new revolving credit facility, are based on the company's senior credit ratings as determined by standard & poor's and moody's, which are currently bbb and baa2, respectively.
there were no balances outstanding on the company's new revolving credit facility at december 31, 2014 or on its former revolving credit facility at december 31, 2013.
as of december 31, 2014, the effective interest rate on the new revolving credit facility was 1.1%.
58
index on november 1, 2013, the company issued $700.0 in new senior notes pursuant to the company's effective shelf registration on form s-3. the new senior notes consisted of $400.0 aggregate principal amount of 2.50% senior notes due 2018 and $300.0 aggregate principal amount of 4.00% senior notes due 2023. the net proceeds were used to repay all of the outstanding borrowings under the company's former revolving credit facility and for general corporate purposes.
the senior notes due 2018 and senior notes due 2023 bear interest at the rate of 2.50% per annum and 4.00% per annum, respectively, payable semi-annually on may 1 and november of each year, commencing on may 1, 2014.
on august 23, 2012, the company issued $1,000.0 in new senior notes pursuant to the company's effective shelf registration statement on form s-3. the new senior notes consisted of $500.0 aggregate principal amount of 2.20% senior notes due 2017 and $500.0 aggregate principal amount of 3.75% senior notes due 2022. the net proceeds were used to repay $625.0 of the outstanding borrowings under the company's former revolving credit facility. the remaining proceeds are available for other general corporate purposes.
the senior notes due 2017 and senior notes due 2022 bear interest at the rate of 2.20% per annum and 3.75% per annum, respectively, payable semi-annually on february 23 and august 23 of each year, commencing february 23, 2013.
during 2014, the company purchased $269.0 of its stock representing 2.7 shares. as of december 31, 2014, the company had remaining outstanding authorization from the board of directors to purchase $789.5 of company common stock.
during 2014, the company settled notices to convert $21.9 aggregate principal amount at maturity of its zero-coupon subordinated notes with a conversion value of $28.7. the total cash used for these settlements was $18.9 and the company also issued 0.1 additional shares of common stock.
on september 12, 2014, the company announced that for the period of september 12, 2014 to march 11, 2015, the zero-coupon subordinated notes will accrue contingent cash interest at a rate of no less than 0.125% of the average market price of a zero-coupon subordinated note for the five trading days ended september 9, 2014, in addition to the continued accrual of the original issue discount.
on january 2, 2015, the company announced that its zero-coupon subordinated notes may be converted into cash and common stock at the conversion rate of 13.4108 per $1,000 principal amount at maturity of the notes, subject to the terms of the zero-coupon subordinated notes and the indenture, dated as of october 24, 2006 between the company and the bank of new york mellon, as trustee and conversion agent. in order to exercise the option to convert all or a portion of the zero-coupon subordinated notes, holders are required to validly surrender their zero-coupon subordinated notes at any time during the calendar quarter beginning january 1, 2015, through the close of business on the last business day of the calendar quarter, which is 5:00 p.m., new york city time, on tuesday, march 31, 2015. if notices of conversion are received, the company plans to settle the cash portion of the conversion obligation with cash on hand and/or borrowings under the new revolving credit facility.
credit ratings the company's debt ratings of baa2 from moody's and bbb from standard and poor's contribute to its ability to access capital markets.
contractual cash obligations payments due by period
2016-               2018-                2020 and total                2015                  2017                2019              thereafter operating lease obligations                                 $335.8              $109.9                $139.7               $48.8                 $37.4
contingent future licensing payments (a)                      17.0                 4.3                   7.3                 4.9                   0.5
minimum royalty payments                                       4.9                 0.8                   1.7                 1.7                   0.7
zero-coupon subordinated notes (b)                            93.9                93.9                     -                   -                     -
scheduled interest payments on senior notes                2,306.0               157.7                 385.2               343.0               1,420.1
scheduled interest payments on term loan                      48.0                13.6                  23.5                10.8                   0.1
long-term debt, other than revolving credit facility       2,959.2               256.9                 838.9               413.8               1,449.6
total contractual cash obligations (c), (d), and (e)      $5,764.8              $637.1              $1,396.3              $823.0              $2,908.4
59
index
(a)   contingent future licensing payments will be made if certain events take place, such as the launch of a specific test, the transfer of certain technology, and when specified revenue milestones are met.
(b)   as announced by the company on january 2, 2015, holders of the zero-coupon subordinated notes may choose to convert their notes during the first quarter of 2015 subject to terms as defined in the note agreement. see "note 11 to consolidated financial statements" and "credit ratings" above for further information regarding the company's zero-coupon subordinated notes.
(c)   the table does not include obligations under the company's pension and postretirement benefit plans, which are included in "note 16 to consolidated financial statements." benefits under the company's postretirement medical plan are made when claims are submitted for payment, the timing of which is not practicable to estimate.
(d)   the table does not include the company's reserves for unrecognized tax benefits. the company had a $24.9 and $34.9 reserve for unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties, at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, which is included in "note 13 to consolidated financial statements." substantially all of these tax reserves are classified in other long-term liabilities in the company's consolidated balance sheets at december 31, 2014 and 2013.
(e)   this table does not include the $2,900.0 senior notes issued january 30, 2015.
off-balance sheet arrangements the company does not have transactions or relationships with "special purpose" entities, and the company does not have any off balance sheet financing other than normal operating leases and letters of credits.
other commercial commitments as of december 31, 2014, the company provided letters of credit aggregating approximately $42.5, primarily in connection with certain insurance programs. letters of credit provided by the company are secured by the new company's revolving credit facility and are renewed annually, around mid-year.
on october 14, 2011, the company issued notice to a noncontrolling interest holder in its other segment of its intent to purchase the holder's partnership units in accordance with the terms of the joint venture's partnership agreement. on november 28, 2011, this purchase was completed for a total purchase price of cn$151.7 as outlined in the partnership agreement (cn$147.8 plus certain adjustments relating to cash distribution hold backs made to finance recent business acquisitions and capital expenditures). the purchase of these additional partnership units brings the company's percentage interest owned to 98.2%.
the contractual value of the remaining noncontrolling interest put totals $17.7 at december 31, 2014. at december 31, 2014 and 2013, $17.7 and $19.4, respectively, have been classified as mezzanine equity in the company's consolidated balance sheet.
based on current and projected levels of operations, coupled with availability under its revolving credit facility, the company believes it has sufficient liquidity to meet both its anticipated short-term and long-term cash needs; however, the company continually reassesses its liquidity position in light of market conditions and other relevant factors.
covance drug development revenue-generating arrangements the company expects that covance drug development's revenues will be generated from contractual arrangements that are similar in structure to covance's historical experience. historically, a majority of revenues have been earned under contracts that range in duration from a few months to two years, but can extend in duration up to five years or longer. covance drug development also has committed minimum volume arrangements with certain clients with initial terms that generally range in duration from three to ten years. underlying these arrangements are individual project contracts for the specific services to be provided. these arrangements enable covance drug development's clients to secure its services in exchange for which they commit to purchase an annual minimum dollar value, or volume, of services. under these types of arrangements, if the annual minimum volume commitment is not reached, the client is required to pay covance drug development for the shortfall.
many of covance drug development's client contracts are either fixed price or fee‐for‐service with a cap. to a lesser extent, some of its contracts are fee‐for‐service without a cap. in cases where the contracts are fixed price, covance drug development may bear the cost of overruns, or covance drug development may benefit if the costs are lower than anticipated. in cases where contracts are fee‐for‐service with a cap, the contracts contain an overall budget for the trial based on time and cost estimates. if costs are lower than anticipated, the client generally keeps the savings, but if costs are higher than estimated, covance drug development may be responsible for the overrun unless the increased cost is a result of a scope change or other factors outside
60
index of its control, such as an increase in the number of patients to be enrolled or the type or amount of data to be collected. contracts may range in duration from a few months to several years or longer depending on the nature of the work performed. in some cases, covance drug development bills the client for the total contract value in progress‐based installments as it reaches certain non‐contingent billing milestones over the contract duration.
most of covance drug development's contracts may be terminated by the client either immediately or upon notice. these contracts often require payment to covance drug development of expenses to wind down a study or project, payment to covance drug development of fees earned to date, and, in some cases, a termination fee or payment to covance drug development of some portion of the fees or profit that could have been earned under the contract if it had not been terminated early.
new accounting pronouncements in february 2013, the fasb issued a new accounting standard on joint and several liability arrangements for which the total amount of the obligation is fixed at the reporting date. under this new standard, obligations resulting from joint and several liability arrangements are to be measured as the sum of: (a) the amount the reporting entity agreed with its co-obligors that it will pay and (b) any additional amount the reporting entity expects to pay on behalf of its co-obligors. this standard, which applies prospectively, became effective for the company beginning january 1, 2014. the adoption of this standard did not have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.
in march 2013, the fasb issued a new accounting standard on foreign currency matters that clarifies the guidance of a parent company's accounting for the cumulative translation adjustment upon derecognition of certain subsidiaries or groups of assets within a foreign entity or of an investment in a foreign entity. under this new standard, a parent company that ceases to have a controlling financial interest in a foreign subsidiary or group of assets within a foreign entity shall release any related cumulative translation adjustment into net income only if a sale or transfer results in complete or substantially complete liquidation of the foreign entity. this standard, which applies prospectively, became effective for the company beginning january 1, 2014. the adoption of this standard did not have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.
in april 2014, the fasb issued a new accounting standard on discontinued operations that significantly changes criteria for discontinued operations and disclosures for disposals. under this new standard, to be a discontinued operation, a component or group of components must represent a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity's operations and financial results. expanded disclosures for discontinued operations include more details about earnings and balance sheet accounts, total operating and investing cash flows, and cash flows resulting from continuing involvement. the guidance is to be applied prospectively to all new disposals of components and new classifications as held for sale beginning in 2015, with early adoption allowed in 2014. the adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.
in may 2014, the fasb issued the converged standard on revenue recognition with the objective of providing a single, comprehensive model for all contracts with customers to improve comparability in the financial statements of companies reporting using international financial reporting standards and u.s. generally accepted accounting principles. the standard contains principles that an entity must apply to determine the measurement of revenue and timing of when it is recognized. the underlying principle is that an entity must recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to customers at an amount that the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. an entity can apply the revenue standard retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented (full retrospective method) or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying the standard recognized at the date of initial application in retained earnings. the revenue standard is effective for the company beginning january 1, 2017. the company is currently evaluating the expected impact of the standard.
in august 2014, the fasb issued a new accounting standard that explicitly requires management to assess an entity's ability to continue as a going concern, and to provide related financial statement footnote disclosures in certain circumstances. under this standard, in connection with each annual and interim period, management must assess whether there is substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued when applicable). management shall consider relevant conditions and events that are known and reasonably knowable at such issuance date. substantial doubt about an entity's ability to continue as a going concern exists if it is probable that the entity will be unable to meet its obligations as they become due within one year after issuance date. disclosures will be required if conditions or events give rise to substantial doubt. this standard is effective for the company for the annual period after december 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted. the adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.
61
index critical accounting policies the preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported periods. while the company believes these estimates are reasonable and consistent, they are by their very nature, estimates of amounts that will depend on future events. accordingly, actual results could differ from these estimates. the company's audit committee periodically reviews the company's significant accounting policies. the company's critical accounting policies arise in conjunction with the following:
•   revenue recognition and allowance for doubtful accounts;
•   pension expense;
•   accruals for self insurance reserves;
•   income taxes; and
•   goodwill and indefinite-lived assets revenue recognition and allowance for doubtful accounts revenue is recognized for services rendered when the testing process is complete and test results are reported to the ordering physician. the company's sales are generally billed to three types of payers - clients, patients and third parties such as managed care companies, medicare and medicaid.  for clients, sales are recorded on a fee-for-service basis at the company's client list price, less any negotiated discount. patient sales are recorded at the company's patient fee schedule, net of any discounts negotiated with physicians on behalf of their patients, or fees made available through charity care or an uninsured patient program. the company bills third-party payers in two ways - fee-for-service and capitated agreements. fee-for-service third-party payers are billed at the company's patient fee schedule amount, and third-party revenue is recorded net of contractual discounts. these discounts are recorded at the transaction level at the time of sale based on a fee schedule that is maintained for each third-party payer. the majority of the company's third-party sales are recorded using an actual or contracted fee schedule at the time of sale. for the remaining third-party sales, estimated fee schedules are maintained for each payer. adjustments to the estimated payment amounts are recorded at the time of final collection and settlement of each transaction as an adjustment to revenue. these adjustments are not material to the company's results of operations in any period presented. the company periodically adjusts these estimated fee schedules based upon historical payment trends. under capitated agreements with managed care companies, the company recognizes revenue based on a negotiated monthly contractual rate for each member of the managed care plan regardless of the number or cost of services performed.
the company has a formal process to estimate and review the collectibility of its receivables based on the period of time they have been outstanding. bad debt expense is recorded within selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales considered necessary to maintain the allowance for doubtful accounts at an appropriate level. the company's process for determining the appropriate level of the allowance for doubtful accounts involves judgment, and considers such factors as the age of the underlying receivables, historical and projected collection experience, and other external factors that could affect the collectibility of its receivables. accounts are written off against the allowance for doubtful accounts based on the company's write-off policy (e.g., when they are deemed to be uncollectible).  in the determination of the appropriate level of the allowance, accounts are progressively reserved based on the historical timing of cash collections relative to their respective aging categories within the company's receivables. these collection and reserve processes, along with the close monitoring of the billing process, help reduce the risks of material revisions to reserve estimates resulting from adverse changes in collection or reimbursement experience.
62
index the following table presents the percentage of the company's net accounts receivable outstanding by aging category at december 31, 2014 and 2013:
days outstanding    2014   2013
0 - 30   48.4%        46.4%
31 - 60   18.6%        19.3%
61 - 90   11.9%        11.5%
91 - 120    7.1%         7.1%
121 - 150    3.8%         3.4%
151 - 180    3.6%         3.8%
181 - 270    5.7%         7.3%
271 - 360    0.7%         0.9%
over 360    0.1%         0.3%
the above table excludes the percentage of net accounts receivable outstanding by aging category for the other segment, and its other smaller foreign operations. combined, these foreign net accounts receivable balances comprise less than 6.0% of the company's total net accounts receivable balances. the company believes that including the agings of the accounts receivable for these foreign operations would not be representative of the majority of the accounts receivable by aging category for the company. the majority of the foreign accounts receivable are due from the provincial government and are generally paid within 30-60 days of billing.
pension expense the company has a defined benefit retirement plan (the "company plan") and a non-qualified supplemental retirement plan (the "pep"). in october 2009, the company received approval from its board of directors to freeze any additional service-based credits for any years of service after december 31, 2009 on the company plan and the pep. both plans have been closed to new participants. employees participating in the company plan and the pep no longer earn service-based credits, but continue to earn interest credits. in addition, effective january 1, 2010, all employees eligible for the defined contribution retirement plan (the "401k plan") receive a minimum 3% non-elective contribution ("nec") concurrent with each payroll period. the 401k plan also permits discretionary contributions by the company of up to 1% and up to 3% of pay for eligible employees, based on service.
the company plan covers substantially all employees hired prior to december 31, 2009. the benefits to be paid under the company plan are based on years of credited service through december 31, 2009, interest credits and average compensation. the company's policy is to fund the company plan with at least the minimum amount required by applicable regulations. the pep covers the company's senior management group. prior to 2010, the pep provided for the payment of the difference, if any, between the amount of any maximum limitation on annual benefit payments under the employee retirement income security act of 1974 and the annual benefit that would be payable under the company plan but for such limitation. effective january 1, 2010, employees participating in the pep no longer earn service-based credits. the pep is an unfunded plan.
the company's net pension cost is developed from actuarial valuations. inherent in these valuations are key assumptions, including discount rates and expected return on plan assets, which are updated on an annual basis at the beginning of each year. the company is required to consider current market conditions, including changes in interest rates, in making these assumptions. changes in pension costs may occur in the future due to changes in these assumptions. the key assumptions used in accounting for the defined benefit retirement plans were a 4.0% discount rate and a 7.0% expected long-term rate of return on plan assets as of december 31, 2014.
discount rate the company evaluates several approaches toward setting the discount rate assumption that is used to value the benefit obligations of its retirement plans. at year-end, priority was given to use of the towers watson bond:link model, which simulates the purchase of investment-grade corporate bonds at current market yields with principal amounts and maturity dates closely matching the company's projected cash disbursements from its plans. this completed model represents the yields to maturity that the company could theoretically settle its plan obligations at year end. the weighted-average yield on the modeled bond portfolio is then used to form the discount rate assumption used for each retirement plan. a one percentage point decrease or increase in the discount rate would have resulted in a respective increase or decrease in 2014 retirement plan expense of $2.3.
63
index return on plan assets in establishing its expected return on plan assets assumption, the company reviews its asset allocation and develops return assumptions based on different asset classes adjusting for plan operating expenses. actual asset over/under performance compared to expected returns will respectively decrease/increase unrecognized loss. the change in the unrecognized loss will change amortization cost in upcoming periods. a one percentage point increase or decrease in the expected return on plan assets would have resulted in a corresponding change in 2014 pension expense of $2.6.
net pension cost for 2014 was $8.1 as compared with $11.0 in 2013 and $12.1 in 2012. the decrease in pension expense was due to decreases in the amount of net amortization and deferral. the decrease in pension expense in 2013 was due decrease in pension expense was due to decreases in the amount of net amortization and deferral as a result of higher discount rates. projected pension expense for the company plan and the pep is expected to increase to $11.6 in 2015 as a result of a lower assumed discount rate and changes in participant mortality tables.
further information on the company's defined benefit retirement plan is provided in note 16 to the consolidated financial statements.
accruals for self-insurance reserves accruals for self-insurance reserves (including workers' compensation, auto and employee medical) are determined based on a number of assumptions and factors, including historical payment trends and claims history, actuarial assumptions and current and estimated future economic conditions. these estimated liabilities are not discounted.
the company is self-insured (up to certain limits) for professional liability claims arising in the normal course of business, generally related to the testing and reporting of laboratory test results. the company maintains excess insurance which limits the company's maximum exposure on individual claims. the company estimates a liability that represents the ultimate exposure for aggregate losses below those limits. the liability is discounted and is based on actuarial assumptions and factors for known and incurred but not reported claims, including the frequency and payment trends of historical claims.
if actual trends differ from these estimates, the financial results could be impacted. historical trends have not differed materially from these estimates.
income taxes the company accounts for income taxes utilizing the asset and liability method. under this method deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and for tax loss carryforwards. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. the company does not recognize a tax benefit, unless the company concludes that it is more likely than not that the benefit will be sustained on audit by the taxing authority based solely on the technical merits of the associated tax position. if the recognition threshold is met, the company recognizes a tax benefit measured at the largest amount of the tax benefit that the company believes is greater than 50% likely to be realized.  the company records interest and penalties in income tax expense.
goodwill and indefinite-lived assets the company assesses goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles for impairment at least annually and more frequently if triggering events occur. the timing of the company's annual impairment testing is the end of the fiscal year. in accordance with the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") updates to their authoritative guidance regarding goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment testing, an entity is allowed to first assess qualitative factors as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform quantitative impairment testing. if an entity determines that it is not more likely than not that the estimated fair value of an asset is less than its carrying value, then no further testing is required. otherwise, impairment testing must be performed in accordance with the original accounting standards. the updated fasb guidance also allows an entity to bypass the qualitative assessment for any reporting unit in its goodwill assessment and proceed directly to performing the first step of the two-step assessment. similarly, a company can proceed directly to a quantitative assessment in the case of impairment testing for indefinite-lived intangible assets as well. in 2014 and 2013, the company elected to bypass the purely qualitative assessments for its goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets and proceed to quantitative assessments utilizing methodologies as described in the following paragraphs.
64
index step one of the goodwill impairment test includes the estimation of the fair value of each reporting unit as compared to the book value of the reporting unit. the company uses a market value approach for determining fair value and utilizes a number of factors such as publicly available information regarding the market capitalization of the company as well as operating results, business plans, and present value techniques. if step one indicates potential impairment, the second step is performed to measure the amount of the impairment.
the company has indefinite-lived assets consisting of acquired canadian licenses. when a quantitative analysis is considered necessary for indefinite-lived intangible assets, the company utilizes an income approach to determine the fair value. it then compares the carrying value of the indefinite-lived asset to its fair value. impairment losses are recorded to the extent that the carrying value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value.
there are inherent uncertainties related to the factors described above and judgment related to the impairment assessments of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles. the assumptions underlying the impairment analyses may change in such a manner that impairment in value may occur in the future. any such impairment will be recognized in the period in which it becomes known.
65
index forward-looking statements the company has made in this report, and from time to time may otherwise make in its public filings, press releases and discussions by company management, forward-looking statements concerning the company's operations, performance and financial condition, as well as its strategic objectives.  some of these forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as "believes", "expects", "may", "will", "should", "seeks", "approximately", "intends", "plans", "estimates", or "anticipates" or the negative of those words or other comparable terminology. such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties and the company claims the protection afforded by the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. actual results could differ materially from those currently anticipated due to a number of factors in addition to those discussed elsewhere herein and in the company's other public filings, press releases and discussions with company management, including:
1.   changes in federal, state, local and third party payer regulations or policies or other future reforms in the health care system (or in the interpretation of current regulations), new insurance or payment systems, including state, regional or private insurance cooperatives (health insurance exchanges), new public insurance programs or a single-payer system, affecting governmental and third-party coverage or reimbursement for clinical laboratory testing;
2.   significant monetary damages, fines, penalties, assessments, refunds, repayments, and/or exclusion from the medicare and medicaid programs, among other adverse consequences, resulting from interpretations of, or future changes in, laws and regulations, including laws and regulations of medicare, medicaid, the false claims act, interpretations of such laws and regulations by federal or state government agencies or investigations, audits, regulatory examinations, information requests, and other inquires by state or federal government agencies;
3.   increased costs, denial of claims and/or significant penalties arising from the failure to comply with hipaa, including changes to federal and state privacy and security obligations and changes to hitech and any subsequent amendments;
4.   loss or suspension of a license or imposition of a fine or penalties under, or future changes in, or interpretations of, the law or regulations of the clinical laboratory improvement act of 1967, and the clinical laboratory improvement amendments of 1988, or the federal occupational safety and prevention act or similar laws and regulations of federal, state or local agencies;
5.   penalties or loss of license arising from the failure to comply with the federal occupational safety and health administration requirements and the needlestick safety and prevention act;
6.   changes in testing guidelines or recommendations by government agencies, medical specialty societies and other authoritative bodies affecting the utilization of laboratory tests;
7.   changes in government regulations or policies, including regulations and policies of the food and drug administration, affecting the approval, availability of, and the selling and marketing of diagnostic tests or changes in testing guidelines or recommendations by government agencies, medical specialty societies or other authoritative bodies affecting the utilization of laboratory tests;
8.   liabilities that result from the inability to comply with corporate governance requirements;
9.   increased competition, including price competition, competitive bidding and/or changes or reductions to fee schedules and competition from companies that do not comply with existing laws or regulations or otherwise disregard compliance standards in the industry;
10.   changes in payer mix, including an increase in capitated reimbursement mechanisms or the impact of a shift to consumer-driven health plans and adverse changes in payer reimbursement or payer coverage policies related to specific testing procedures or categories of testing;
11.   failure to retain or attract managed care business as a result of changes in business models, including new risk based or network approaches, or other changes in strategy or business models by managed care companies;
12.   failure to obtain and retain new customers or a reduction in tests ordered or specimens submitted by existing customers;
13.   difficulty in maintaining relationships with customers or retaining key employees as a result of uncertainty surrounding the covance acquisition and the resulting negative effects on the business of the company;
14.   failure to identify, successfully close and to effectively integrate and/or manage newly acquired businesses, including covance, and the cost, time and effort required to integrate newly acquired businesses, including covance, which may be greater than anticipated;
66
index
15.   inability to achieve the expected benefits and synergies of the covance acquisition could have a negative impact on the company's cash position, levels of indebtedness and stock price;
16.   the inability of the company and covance to meet expectations regarding accounting and tax treatments related to the covance acquisition;
17.   changes in government regulations pertaining to the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries, changes in reimbursement of pharmaceutical products, or reduced spending on research and development by pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers;
18.   termination, delay or reduction in scope of covance drug development's contracts;
19.   liability arising from errors or omissions in the performance of covance drug development's contract research services;
20.   damage to the company's reputation, loss of business, harm from acts of animal rights extremists, or potential liability arising from covance drug development's animal research products;
21.   adverse results in litigation matters;
22.   inability to attract and retain experienced and qualified personnel;
23.   failure to develop or acquire licenses for new or improved technologies, or potential use of new technologies by customers to perform their own tests;
24.   substantial costs arising from the inability to commercialize newly licensed tests or technologies or to obtain appropriate coverage or reimbursement for such tests;
25.   inability to obtain and maintain adequate patent and other proprietary rights for protection of the company's products and services and successfully enforce the company's proprietary rights;
26.   scope, validity and enforceability of patents and other proprietary rights held by third parties that may impact the company's ability to develop, perform, or market the company's tests or operate its business;
27.   business interruption or other impact on the business due to adverse weather (including hurricanes), fires and/or other natural disasters, terrorism or other criminal acts, and/or widespread outbreak of influenza or other pandemic illness;
28.   discontinuation or recalls of existing testing products;
29.   loss of business or increased costs due to damage to the company's reputation and significant litigation exposure arising from failure in the company's information technology systems, including an increase in testing turnaround time or billing processes, failure to maintain the security of business information or systems or to protect against cyber security attacks, inability to meet required financial reporting deadlines, or the failure to meet future regulatory or customer information technology, data security and connectivity requirements;
30.   business interruption, increased costs, and other adverse effects on the company's operations due to the unionization of employees, union strikes, work stoppages, or general labor unrest;
31.   failure to maintain the company's days sales outstanding and/or bad debt expense levels including negative impact on the company's reimbursement, cash collections, days sales outstanding and profitability arising from the failure of the company, third party payers or physicians to comply with the icd-10-cm code set by the compliance date of october 1, 2015;
32.   impact on the company's testing volumes, cash collections and the availability of credit for general liquidity or other financing needs arising from a significant deterioration in the economy or financial markets or in the company's credit ratings by standard &amp; poor's and/or moody's;
33.   changes in reimbursement by foreign governments and foreign currency fluctuations; and
34.   expenses and risks associated with international operations, including but not limited to compliance with the foreign corrupt practices act, the u.k. bribery act, as well as laws and regulations that differ from those of the u.s., and economic, political, legal and other operational risks associated with foreign markets.
