item 1a. risk factors risks relating to our business our operating results and financial condition have been and could continue to be adversely affected by the economic and political conditions in the u.s. and elsewhere.
changes in economic and political conditions in the u.s. and other countries in which we are located or do business could have a material effect on our company. changes in such conditions have, in some periods, resulted in fewer miles driven, fewer accident claims, and a reduction of vehicle repairs, all of which could negatively affect our business. our sales are also impacted by changes to the economic health of vehicle owners. the economic health of vehicle owners is affected by many factors, including, among others, general business conditions, interest rates, inflation, consumer debt levels, the availability of consumer credit, taxation, fuel prices, unemployment trends and other matters that influence consumer confidence and spending.  many of these factors are outside of our control. if any of these conditions worsen, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected.
17
in addition, economic conditions, including decreased access to credit, may result in financial difficulties leading to restructurings, bankruptcies, liquidations and other unfavorable events for our customers, suppliers, logistics and other service providers and financial institutions that are counterparties to our credit facilities and interest rate swap transactions. these unfavorable events affecting our business partners could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we face intense competition from local, national, international, and internet-based vehicle products providers, and this competition could negatively affect our business.
the vehicle replacement products industry is highly competitive and is served by numerous suppliers of oem, recycled, aftermarket, refurbished and remanufactured products. within each of these categories of suppliers, there are local owner-operated companies, larger regional suppliers, national and international providers, and internet-based suppliers. providers of vehicle replacement products that have traditionally sold only certain categories of such products may decide to expand their product offerings into other categories of vehicle replacement products, which may further increase competition. some of our current and potential competitors may have more operational expertise; greater financial, technical, manufacturing, distribution, and other resources; longer operating histories; lower cost structures; and better relationships in the insurance and vehicle repair industries or with consumers, than we do. in certain regions of the u.s., local vehicle recycling companies have formed cooperative efforts to compete in the wholesale recycled products industry. similarly in europe, some local companies are part of cooperative efforts to compete in the aftermarket parts industry. as a result of these factors, our competitors may be able to provide products that we are unable to supply, provide their products at lower costs, or supply products to customers that we are unable to serve.
we believe that a majority of collision parts by dollar amount are supplied by oems, with the balance being supplied by distributors like us. the oems are therefore in a position to exert pricing pressure in the marketplace. we compete with the oems primarily on price and to a lesser extent on service and quality. from time to time, oems have experimented with reducing prices on specific products to match the lower prices of alternative products. if such price reductions were to become widespread, it could have a material adverse impact on our business.
claims by oems relating to aftermarket products could adversely affect our business.
oems and other manufacturers have attempted to use claims of intellectual property infringement against manufacturers and distributors of aftermarket products to restrict or eliminate the sale of aftermarket products that are the subject of the claims. the oems have brought such claims in federal court and with the u.s. international trade commission.
to the extent oems and other manufacturers are seeking and obtaining more design patents than they have in the past and are successful in asserting infringement of these patents and defending their validity, we could be restricted or prohibited from selling certain aftermarket products, which could have an adverse effect on our business. we will likely incur significant expenses investigating and defending intellectual property infringement claims. in addition, aftermarket products certifying organizations may revoke the certification of parts that are the subject of the claims. lack of certification may negatively impact us because many major insurance companies recommend or require the use of aftermarket products only if they have been certified by an independent certifying organization.
in december 2005 and may 2008, ford global technologies, llc filed complaints with the international trade commission against us and others alleging that certain aftermarket products imported into the u.s. infringed on ford design patents. the parties settled these matters in april 2009 pursuant to a patent license arrangement that expires in march 2015. in january 2014, chrysler group, llc filed a complaint against us in the u.s. district court in the eastern district of michigan contending that certain aftermarket parts we sell infringe chrysler design patents relating to the dodge ram pickup truck. the parties settled this matter in june 2014 pursuant to a patent license arrangement that expires in june 2019. in the event that these license arrangements, or other similar license arrangements with oems, are terminated or we are unable to agree upon renewal terms, we may be subject to costs and uncertainties of litigation as well as restrictions on our ability to sell aftermarket parts that replicate parts covered by design patents.
an adverse change in our relationships with our suppliers or auction companies or a disruption to our supply of inventory could increase our expenses and impede our ability to serve our customers.
our business is dependent on a relatively small number of suppliers of aftermarket products, a large portion of which are sourced from taiwan. we incur substantial freight costs to import parts from our suppliers, many of whom are located in asia. if the cost of freight rose we might not be able to pass the cost increases on to our customers. furthermore, although
18
alternative suppliers exist for substantially all aftermarket products distributed by us, the loss of any one supplier could have a material adverse effect on us until alternative suppliers are located and have commenced providing products.  in addition, we are subject to disruptions from work stoppages and other labor disputes at port facilities through which we import our inventory. moreover, our operations are subject to the customary risks of doing business abroad, including, among other things, natural disasters, transportation costs and delays, political instability, currency fluctuations and the imposition of tariffs, import and export controls and other non-tariff barriers (including changes in the allocation of quotas), as well as the uncertainty regarding future relations between china, japan and taiwan. because a substantial volume of our sales involves products manufactured from sheet metal, we can be adversely impacted if sheet metal becomes unavailable or is only available at higher prices, which we may not be able to pass on to our customers. additionally, as manufacturers convert to raw materials other than steel, it may be more difficult or expensive to source aftermarket parts made with such materials and it may be more difficult for repair shops to work with such materials in the repair process.
most of our salvage and a portion of our self service inventory is obtained from vehicles offered at salvage auctions operated by several companies that own auction facilities in numerous locations across the u.s. we do not typically have contracts with the auction companies. according to industry analysts, a small number of companies control a large percentage of the salvage auction market in the u.s. if an auction company prohibited us from participating in its auctions, began competing with us, or significantly raised its fees, our business could be adversely affected through higher costs or the resulting potential inability to service our customers. moreover, we face competition in the purchase of vehicles from direct competitors, rebuilders, exporters and others. to the extent that the number of bidders increases, it may have the effect of increasing our cost of goods sold for wholesale recycled products. some states regulate bidders to help ensure that salvage vehicles are purchased for legal purposes by qualified buyers. auction companies have been actively seeking to reduce, circumvent or eliminate these regulations, which would further increase the number of bidders. in addition, there is a limited supply of salvage vehicles in the u.s. as we grow and our demand for salvage vehicles increases, the costs of these incremental vehicles could be higher.
we also acquire inventory directly from insurance companies, oems, and others. to the extent that these suppliers decide to discontinue these arrangements, our business could be adversely affected through higher costs or the resulting potential inability to service our customers.
we rely upon insurance companies to promote the usage of alternative parts.
our success depends, in part, on the acceptance and promotion of alternative parts usage by automotive insurance companies. alternative parts usage has generally increased over the past ten years but has stabilized recently. there can be no assurance that such usage will be maintained or will increase in the future. in addition, in some places we operate, alternative parts usage is relatively low. we also rely on business relationships with insurance companies. these insurance companies encourage vehicle repair facilities to use products we provide. the business relationships include in some cases participation in aftermarket quality and service assurance programs that may result in a higher usage of our aftermarket products than would be the case without the programs. our arrangements with these companies may be terminated by them at any time, including in connection with their own business concerns relating to the offering, availability, standards or operations of the aftermarket quality and service assurance programs. we rely on these relationships for sales to some collision repair shops, and a termination of these relationships may result in a loss of sales, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
in an illinois lawsuit involving state farm mutual automobile insurance company ("avery v. state farm"), a jury decided in october 1999 that state farm breached certain insurance contracts with its policyholders by using non-oem replacement products to repair damaged vehicles when use of such products did not restore the vehicle to its "pre-loss condition." the jury found that state farm misled its customers by not disclosing the use of non-oem replacement products and the alleged inferiority of those products. the jury assessed damages against state farm of $456 million, and the judge assessed an additional $730 million of disgorgement and punitive damages for violations of the illinois consumer fraud act. in april 2001, the illinois appellate court upheld the verdict but reduced the damage award by $130 million because of duplicative damage awards. on august 18, 2005, the illinois supreme court reversed the awards made by the circuit court and found, among other things, that the plaintiffs had failed to establish any breach of contract by state farm. the u.s. supreme court declined to hear an appeal of this case. as a result of this case, some insurance companies reduced or eliminated their use of aftermarket products. our financial results could be adversely affected if insurance companies modified or terminated the arrangements pursuant to which repair shops buy aftermarket or recycled products from us due to a fear of similar claims.
we may not be able to sell our products due to existing or new laws and regulations prohibiting or restricting the sale of aftermarket, recycled, refurbished or remanufactured products.
some jurisdictions have enacted laws prohibiting or severely restricting the sale of certain recycled products that we provide, such as airbags. these and other jurisdictions could enact similar laws or could prohibit or severely restrict the sale of
19
additional recycled products. in addition, the federal trade commission (ftc) has issued guides which regulate the use of certain terms such as "rebuilt" or "remanufactured" in connection with the sale of automotive parts. restrictions on the products we are able to sell and on the marketing of such products could decrease our revenue and have an adverse effect on our business and operations.
most states have passed laws that prohibit or limit the use of aftermarket products in collision repair work and/or require enhanced disclosure or vehicle owner consent before using aftermarket products in such repair work. additional legislation of this kind may be introduced in the future. if additional laws prohibiting or restricting the use of aftermarket products are passed, it could have an adverse impact on our aftermarket products business. certain organizations test the quality and safety of vehicle replacement products. if these organizations decide not to test a particular vehicle product or in the event that such organizations decide that a particular vehicle product does not meet applicable quality or safety standards, we may decide to discontinue sales of such product or insurance companies may decide to discontinue authorization of repairs using such product. such events could adversely affect our business.
we may not be able to successfully acquire new businesses or integrate acquisitions, which could cause our business to suffer.
we may not be able to successfully complete potential strategic acquisitions if we cannot reach agreement on acceptable terms or for other reasons. moreover, we may not be able to identify a sufficient number of acquisition candidates at reasonable prices to maintain our growth objectives. also, over time, we will likely seek to make acquisitions that are relatively larger as we grow. larger acquisition candidates may attract additional competitive buyers, which could increase our cost or could cause us to lose such acquisitions.
if we buy a company or a division of a company, we may experience difficulty integrating that company's or division's personnel and operations, which could negatively affect our operating results. in addition:
•the key personnel of the acquired company may decide not to work for us;
•customers of the acquired company may decide not to purchase products from us;
•suppliers of the acquired company may decide not to sell products to us;
•we may experience business disruptions as a result of information technology systems conversions;
•we may experience additional financial and accounting challenges and complexities in areas such as tax planning, treasury management, and financial reporting;
•we may be held liable for environmental, tax or other risks and liabilities as a result of our acquisitions, some of which we may not have discovered during our due diligence;
•we may intentionally assume the liabilities of the companies we acquire, which could result in material adverse affects on our business;
•our existing business may be disrupted or receive insufficient management attention;
•we may not be able to realize the cost savings or other financial benefits we anticipated, either in the amount or in the time frame that we expect; and
•we may incur debt or issue equity securities to pay for any future acquisition, the issuance of which could involve the imposition of restrictive covenants or be dilutive to our existing stockholders.
our annual and quarterly performance may fluctuate.
our revenue, cost of goods sold, and operating results have fluctuated on a quarterly and annual basis in the past and can be expected to continue to fluctuate in the future as a result of a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control. future factors that may affect our operating results include, but are not limited to, those listed in the special note on forward-looking statements in this annual report on form 10-k. accordingly, our results of operations may not be indicative of future performance. these fluctuations in our operating results may cause our results to fall below our published financial guidance and the expectations of public markets, which could cause our stock price or the value of our debt instruments to decline.
fluctuations in the prices of metals and other commodities could adversely affect our financial results.
20
our recycling operations generate scrap metal and other metals that we sell. after we dismantle a salvage vehicle for wholesale parts and after vehicles have been used in our self service retail business, the remaining vehicle hulks are sold to scrap processors and other remaining metals are sold to processors and brokers of metals. in addition, we receive "crush only" vehicles from other companies, including oems, which we dismantle and which generate scrap metal and other metals. the prices of scrap and other metals have historically fluctuated, sometimes significantly, due to market factors. in addition, buyers may stop purchasing metals entirely due to excess supply. to the extent that the prices of metals decrease materially or buyers stop purchasing metals, our revenue from such sales will suffer and a write-down of our inventory value could be required. the cost of our wholesale recycled and our self service retail inventory purchases will change as a result of fluctuating scrap metal and other metals prices. in a period of falling metal prices, there can be no assurance that our inventory purchasing cost will decrease the same amount or at the same rate as the scrap metal and other metals prices decline, and there may be a delay between the scrap metal and other metals price reductions and any inventory cost reductions. the prices of steel, aluminum, and plastics are components of the cost to manufacture products for our aftermarket business. if the price of commodities rise and result in higher costs to us for products we sell, we may not be able to pass these higher costs on to our customers.
if we determine that our goodwill or other intangible assets have become impaired, we may incur significant charges to our pre-tax income.
goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair market value of net assets acquired in business combinations. in the future, goodwill and intangible assets may increase as a result of acquisitions. goodwill is reviewed at least annually for impairment. impairment may result from, among other things, deterioration in the performance of acquired businesses, increases in our cost of capital, adverse market conditions, and adverse changes in applicable laws or regulations, including modifications that restrict the activities of the acquired business. as of december 31, 2014, our total goodwill subject to future impairment testing was $2.3 billion. for further discussion of our annual impairment test, see "goodwill impairment" in the critical accounting policies and estimates section of item 7 in this annual report on form 10-k.
we amortize other intangible assets over the assigned useful lives, each of which is based upon the expected period to be benefited. we review other intangible assets for possible impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. in the event conditions change that affect our ability to realize the underlying cash flows associated with our intangible assets, we may record an impairment charge. as of december 31, 2014, the value of our other intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization, was $246 million.
if the number of vehicles involved in accidents declines or the number of cars being repaired declines, our business could suffer.
our business depends on vehicle accidents and mechanical failures for both the demand for repairs using our products and the supply of recycled, remanufactured and refurbished parts. thus, our business is impacted by factors which influence the number and/or severity of accidents and mechanical failures including, but not limited to, the number of vehicles on the road, the number of miles driven, the ages of drivers, the occurrence and severity of certain weather conditions, the congestion of traffic, the use of cellular telephones and other electronic equipment by drivers, the use of alcohol and drugs by drivers, the effectiveness of accident avoidance systems in new vehicles, the reliability of new oem parts, and the condition of roadways. additionally, an increase in fuel prices may cause the number of vehicles on the road, the number of miles driven, and the need for mechanical repairs and maintenance to decline, as motorists seek alternative transportation options. mild weather conditions, particularly during winter months, tend to result in a decrease in vehicle accidents. moreover, a number of states and municipalities have adopted, or are considering adopting, legislation banning the use of handheld cellular telephones or other electronic devices while driving, and such restrictions could lead to a decline in accidents.
systems designed to help drivers avoid accidents are becoming more prevalent and more technologically sophisticated. to the extent oems install or are mandated by law to install accident avoidance systems in their vehicles, the number and severity of accidents could decrease, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
the average number of new vehicles sold annually has fluctuated from year-to-year.  periods of decreased sales could result in a reduction in the number of vehicles on the road and consequently fewer vehicles involved in accidents or in need of mechanical repair or maintenance. substantial further declines in automotive sales in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and/or financial condition. in addition, if vehicle population trends result in a disproportionately high number of older vehicles on the road, insurance companies may find it uneconomical to repair such vehicles or there could be less costly repairs. if vehicle population trends result in a disproportionately high number of newer vehicles on the road, the demand generally for mechanical repairs and maintenance would likely decline due to the newer, longer-lasting parts in the vehicle population and mechanical failures being covered by oem warranties for the first years of a
21
vehicle's life. moreover, alternative collision and mechanical parts are less likely to be used on newer vehicles.
our business may be adversely affected by union activities and labor laws.
a small percentage of our employees are represented by labor unions and work under collective bargaining or similar agreements, which are subject to periodic renegotiation. from time to time, there have been efforts to organize additional portions of our workforce and those efforts can be expected to continue. in addition, the u.s. department of labor or applicable foreign government agencies could adopt new regulations or interpret existing regulations that could make it significantly easier for unionization efforts to be successful. also, we may in the future be subject to strikes or work stoppages and other labor disruptions. additional unionization efforts, new collective bargaining agreements, and work stoppages could materially increase our costs and reduce revenue and could limit our flexibility in terms of work schedules, reductions in force and other operational matters.
we also are subject to federal and state laws and regulations, such as the fair labor standards act, that govern such matters as minimum wage, overtime and other working conditions. some of these laws are technical in nature and could be subject to interpretation by government agencies different than our interpretations. efforts to comply with existing laws, changes to such laws and newly-enacted laws may increase our labor costs. if we were found not to be in compliance with such laws, we could be subject to fines, penalties and liabilities to our employees or government agencies.
governmental agencies may refuse to grant or renew our operating licenses and permits.
our operating subsidiaries must obtain licenses and permits from state and local governments to conduct their operations. when we develop or acquire a new facility, we must seek the approval of state and local units of government. governmental agencies may resist the establishment of a vehicle recycling or refurbishing facility in their communities. there can be no assurance that future approvals or transfers will be granted. in addition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain and renew the licenses and permits our operating subsidiaries currently hold.
if we lose our key management personnel, we may not be able to successfully manage our business or achieve our objectives.
our future success depends in large part upon the leadership and performance of our executive management team and key employees at the operating level. if we lose the services of one or more of our executive officers or key employees, or if one or more of them decides to join a competitor or otherwise compete directly or indirectly with us, we may not be able to successfully manage our business or achieve our business objectives. if we lose the services of any of our key employees at the operating or regional level, we may not be able to replace them with similarly qualified personnel, which could harm our business.
we rely on information technology and communication systems in critical areas of our operations and a disruption relating to such technology could harm our business.
some of the information technology systems and communication systems we use for management of our facilities and our financial functions are leased from or operated by other companies, while others are owned by us. in the event that the providers of these systems terminate their relationships with us or if we suffer prolonged outages of these or our own systems for whatever reason, we could suffer disruptions to our operations.
in the event that we decide to switch providers or to implement upgrades or replacements to our own systems, we may also suffer disruptions to our business. we may be unsuccessful in the development of our own systems, and we may underestimate the costs and expenses of developing and implementing our own systems. also, our revenue may be hampered during the period of implementing an alternative system, which period could extend longer than we anticipated.
our business involves the storage of personal information about our customers and employees.  we have taken reasonable and appropriate steps to protect this information; however, if we experience a significant data security breach, we could be exposed to damage to our reputation, additional costs, lost sales or possible regulatory action.  the regulatory environment related to information security and privacy is constantly changing, and compliance with those requirements could result in additional costs.  there is no guarantee that the procedures that we have implemented to protect against unauthorized access to secured data are adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches, and such a breach could potentially have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
business interruptions in our distribution centers or other facilities may affect our operations, the function of our computer
22
systems, and/or the availability and distribution of merchandise, which may affect our business.
weather, terrorist activities, war or other disasters, or the threat of any of them, may result in the closure of our distribution centers ("dc"s) or other facilities or may adversely affect our ability to deliver inventory through our system on a timely basis.  this may affect our ability to timely provide products to our customers, resulting in lost sales or a potential loss of customer loyalty.  some of our merchandise is imported from other countries and these goods could become difficult or impossible to bring into the united states or into the other countries in which we operate, and we may not be able to obtain such merchandise from other sources at similar prices.  such a disruption in revenue could potentially have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
if we experience problems with our fleet of trucks, our business could be harmed.
we use a fleet of trucks to deliver the majority of the products we sell. we are subject to the risks associated with providing trucking services, including inclement weather, disruptions in the transportation infrastructure, governmental regulation, availability and price of fuel, liabilities arising from accidents to the extent we are not covered by insurance, and insurance premium increases. in addition, our failure to deliver products in a timely and accurate manner could harm our reputation and brand, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we are subject to environmental regulations and incur costs relating to environmental matters.
we are subject to various federal, state, and local environmental protection and health and safety laws and regulations governing, among other things: the emission and discharge of hazardous materials into the ground, air, or water; exposure to hazardous materials; and the generation, handling, storage, use, treatment, identification, transportation, and disposal of industrial by-products, waste water, storm water, and mercury and other hazardous materials. we are also required to obtain environmental permits from governmental authorities for certain of our operations. if we violate or fail to obtain or comply with these laws, regulations, or permits, we could be fined or otherwise sanctioned by regulators. we could also become liable if employees or other parties are improperly exposed to hazardous materials.
under certain environmental laws, we could be held responsible for all of the costs relating to any contamination at, or migration to or from, our or our predecessors' past or present facilities and at independent waste disposal sites. these laws often impose liability even if the owner or operator did not know of, or was not responsible for, the release of such hazardous substances.
environmental laws are complex, change frequently, and have tended to become more stringent over time. our costs of complying with current and future environmental and health and safety laws, and our liabilities arising from past or future releases of, or exposure to, hazardous substances, may adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition.
we could be subject to product liability claims and involved in product recalls.
if customers of repair shops that purchase our products are injured or suffer property damage, we could be subject to product liability claims by such customers. the successful assertion of this type of claim could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.  in addition, we may become involved in the recall of a product that is determined to be defective.  the expenses of a recall and the damage to our reputation could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.
we have agreed to defend and indemnify in certain circumstances insurance companies and customers against claims and damages relating to product liability and product recalls. the existence of claims or damages for which we must defend and indemnify these parties could also negatively impact our business, results of operations or financial condition.
regulations that may be issued under the anti-car theft act could harm our business.
in 1992, congress enacted the anti-car theft act to deter trafficking in stolen vehicles. the purpose of the law is to implement an electronic system to track and monitor vehicle identification numbers and major automotive parts. in january 2009, the u.s. department of justice implemented the portion of the system to track and monitor vehicle identification numbers. the portion of the system that would track and monitor major automotive parts would require various entities, including automotive parts recyclers like us, to inspect salvage vehicles for the purpose of collecting the part number for any "covered major part." the department of justice has not promulgated rules on this portion of the system, and therefore there has been no progress on the implementation of the system to track and monitor major automotive parts. however, if this system
23
is fully implemented, the requirement to collect the information would place substantial burdens on automotive parts recyclers, including us, that otherwise would not normally exist. it would place similar burdens on repair shops, which may discourage the use of recycled products by such shops.
we operate in foreign jurisdictions, which exposes us to foreign exchange and other risks.
we have operations in belgium, canada, france, mexico, sweden, the netherlands, taiwan and the u.k., and we may expand our operations in these countries and into other countries. our foreign operations expose us to additional risks associated with international business, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and/or financial condition, including import and export requirements and compliance with anti-corruption laws, such as the u.k. bribery act 2010 and the foreign corrupt practices act. we also incur costs in currencies, other than our functional currencies, in the countries in which we operate. we are thus subject to foreign exchange exposure to the extent that we operate in different currencies, as well as exposure to foreign tax and other foreign and domestic laws. in addition, mexico is currently experiencing a heightened level of criminal activity that could affect our ability to maintain our supply of certain aftermarket products.
new regulations related to conflict-free minerals may force us to incur additional expenses and otherwise adversely impact our business.
in august 2012, as mandated by the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act, the sec adopted final rules regarding disclosure of the use of certain minerals, known as conflict minerals, originating from the democratic republic of congo (drc) or adjoining countries. these new requirements impose significant burdens on u.s. public companies. compliance with the rules requires substantial due diligence in an effort to determine whether products contain the conflict minerals.  the results of such due diligence efforts must be disclosed on an annual basis in a filing with the sec.
our supply chain is complex and we may incur significant costs to determine the source of any such minerals used in our products. we may also incur costs with respect to potential changes to products, processes or sources of supply as a consequence of our diligence activities. further, the implementation of these rules and their effect on customer, supplier and/or consumer behavior could adversely affect the sourcing, supply and pricing of materials used in our products. as there may be only a limited number of suppliers offering products free of conflict minerals in some circumstances, we cannot be sure that we will be able to obtain necessary products from such suppliers in sufficient quantities or at competitive prices. we may face reputational challenges if we determine that certain of our products contain minerals not determined to be conflict-free or if we are unable to sufficiently verify the origins for all conflict minerals used in our products through the procedures we implement. accordingly, these rules could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and/or financial condition.
risks relating to our common stock and financial structure future sales of our common stock or other securities may depress our stock price.
we and our stockholders may sell shares of common stock or other equity, debt or instruments which constitute an element of our debt and equity (collectively, "securities") in the future. we may also issue shares of common stock under our equity incentive plan or in connection with future acquisitions. we cannot predict the size of future issuances of securities or the effect, if any, that future issuances and sales of shares of our common stock or other securities will have on the price of our common stock. sales of substantial amounts of common stock (including shares issued in connection with an acquisition), the issuance of additional debt securities, or the perception that such sales or issuances could occur, may cause the price of our common stock to fall.
the market price of our common stock may be volatile and could expose us to securities class action litigation.
the stock market and the price of our common stock may be subject to wide fluctuations based upon general economic and market conditions.  the market price for our common stock may also be affected by our ability to meet analysts' expectations.  failure to meet such expectations, even slightly, could have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. in addition, stock market volatility has had a significant effect on the market prices of securities issued by many companies for reasons unrelated to the operating performance of these companies.  downturns in the stock market may cause the price of our common stock to decline.  additionally, the market price for our common stock has been in the past, and in the future may be, adversely affected by allegations made or reports issued by short sellers, analysts or others regarding our business model, our management or our financial accounting.
following periods of volatility in the market price of a company's securities, securities class action litigation has often
24
been instituted against such companies.  if similar litigation were instituted against us, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management's attention and resources, which could have an adverse effect on our business.
delaware law, our charter documents and our loan documents may impede or discourage a takeover, which could affect the price of our stock.
the anti-takeover provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, our loan documents and delaware law could, together or separately, impose various impediments to the ability of a third party to acquire control of us, even if a change in control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. our certificate of incorporation and bylaws have provisions that could discourage potential takeover attempts and make attempts by stockholders to change management more difficult. our credit agreement provides that a change of control is an event of default. our incorporation under delaware law and these provisions could also impede an acquisition, takeover, or other business combination involving us or discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer for our common stock, which, under certain circumstances, could reduce the price of our common stock.
we have a substantial amount of indebtedness, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and our ability to obtain financing in the future and to react to changes in our business.
as of december 31, 2014, we had $1.9 billion aggregate principal amount of debt outstanding, including $664 million under our senior secured credit facilities, $600 million aggregate principal amount of 4.75% senior notes due 2023, $433.1 million under our term loan, and $95 million under our accounts receivable securitization program. as of december 31, 2014, we also had $1.1 billion of undrawn availability (after giving effect to approximately $60 million of outstanding letters of credit) under our revolving credit facilities and $2 million of undrawn availability under our accounts receivable securitization program.
our significant amount of debt and our debt service obligations could limit our ability to satisfy our obligations, limit our ability to operate our business and impair our competitive position.
for example, it could:
•   increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and general industry conditions, including interest rate fluctuations, because a portion of our borrowings are and will continue to be at variable rates of interest;
•   require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, which would reduce the availability of our cash flow from operations to fund working capital, capital expenditures or other general corporate purposes;
•   limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and industry;
•   place us at a disadvantage compared to competitors that may have proportionately less debt;
•   limit our ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing due to applicable financial and restrictive covenants in our debt agreements; and
•   increase our cost of borrowing.
in addition, if we or our subsidiaries incur additional debt, the risks associated with our substantial leverage and the ability to service such debt would increase.
although we are subject to our senior secured credit facilities for so long as they remain in effect, the indenture that governs the senior notes does not restrict the future incurrence of unsecured indebtedness, guarantees or other obligations. the indenture contains certain limitations on our ability to incur liens on assets, sell our assets, make dividends and distributions and engage in sale and leaseback transactions. however, these limitations are subject to important exceptions. in addition, the indenture does not contain many other restrictions, including certain restrictions contained in our senior secured credit facilities, including, without limitation, investments, incurring indebtedness or prepaying subordinated indebtedness or engaging in transactions with our affiliates.
our senior secured credit facilities impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and our subsidiaries, which may prevent us from capitalizing on business opportunities.
25
our senior secured credit facilities impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us. these restrictions limit our ability, among other things, to:
•   incur, assume or permit to exist additional indebtedness (including guarantees thereof);
•pay dividends or certain other distributions on our capital stock or repurchase our capital stock or prepay subordinated indebtedness;
•incur liens on assets;
•make certain investments or other restricted payments;
•engage in transactions with affiliates;
•sell certain assets or merge or consolidate with or into other companies;
•guarantee indebtedness; and
•alter the business we conduct.
as a result of these covenants and restrictions, we will be limited in how we conduct our business and we may be unable to raise additional debt or equity financing to compete effectively or to take advantage of new business opportunities. the terms of any future indebtedness we may incur could include more restrictive covenants. we cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain compliance with these covenants in the future and, if we fail to do so, that we will be able to obtain waivers from the lenders and/or amend the covenants. the failure to comply with any of these covenants would cause a default under the credit agreement. a default, if not waived, could result in acceleration of our debt, in which case the debt would become immediately due and payable. if this occurs, we may not be able to repay our debt or borrow sufficient funds to refinance it. even if new financing were available, it may be on terms that are less attractive to us than our existing credit facilities or it may be on terms that are not acceptable to us.
we may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness, and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful.
our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which is subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control. we cannot assure you that we will maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness. if our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, or to sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. these alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. if our operating results and available cash are insufficient to meet our debt service obligations, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. we may not be able to consummate those dispositions or to obtain the proceeds that we could realize from them, and these proceeds may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due. any future refinancing of our indebtedness could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants which could further restrict our business operations. additionally, the senior secured credit facilities and the indenture that governs our senior notes limit the use of the proceeds from certain dispositions of our assets; as a result, our senior secured credit facilities and our senior notes may prevent us from using the proceeds from such dispositions to satisfy all of our debt service obligations.
in addition, we are a holding company and repayment of our indebtedness is dependent upon cash flow generated by our subsidiaries and their ability to make such cash available to us, by dividend, debt repayment or otherwise. unless they are borrowers or guarantors of the indebtedness, our subsidiaries do not have any obligation to pay amounts due on the indebtedness or to make funds available for that purpose. our subsidiaries may not be able to, or be permitted to, make distributions to enable us to make payments in respect of our indebtedness. each of our subsidiaries is a distinct legal entity and, under certain circumstances, legal and contractual restrictions may limit our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries and, under certain circumstances, distributions from our subsidiaries may be subject to significant taxes that reduce the amount of such distributions available to us. in the event that we do not receive sufficient distributions from our subsidiaries, we may be unable to make required principal and interest payments on our indebtedness.
our future capital needs may require that we seek to refinance our debt or obtain additional debt or equity financing, events
26
that could have a negative effect on our business.
we may need to raise additional funds in the future to, among other things, refinance existing debt, fund our existing operations, improve or expand our operations, respond to competitive pressures, or make acquisitions. from time to time, we may raise additional funds through public or private financing, strategic alliances, or other arrangements. funds may not be available or available on terms acceptable to us as a result of different factors, including but not limited to turmoil in the credit markets that results in the tightening of credit conditions and current or future regulations applicable to the financial institutions from whom we seek financing. if adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to meet our business or strategic objectives or compete effectively. if we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, stockholders may experience dilution of their ownership interests, and the newly issued securities may have rights superior to those of the common stock. if we raise additional funds by issuing debt, we may be subject to higher borrowing costs and further limitations on our operations. if we refinance or restructure our debt, we may incur charges to write off the unamortized portion of deferred debt issuance costs from a previous financing, or we may incur charges related to hedge ineffectiveness from our interest rate swap obligations. in addition, there are restrictions in the indenture that governs our senior notes on our ability to refinance the notes prior to 2018. if we fail to raise capital when needed, our business may be negatively affected.
our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our indebtedness service obligations to increase significantly and could affect the value of our senior notes.
certain borrowings under our senior secured credit facilities and the borrowing under our accounts receivable securitization facility are at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk. if interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness would increase even though the amount borrowed remained the same, and our net income and cash flows, including cash available for servicing our indebtedness, would correspondingly decrease. moreover, changes in market interest rates could affect the trading value of our senior notes.
a downgrade in our credit rating would impact our cost of capital and could impact the market value of our senior notes.
credit ratings have an important effect on our cost of capital. credit rating agencies rate our debt securities on factors that include, among other items, our results of operations, business decisions that we make, their view of the general outlook for our industry, and their view of the general outlook for the economy. actions taken by the rating agencies can include maintaining, upgrading, or downgrading the current rating or placing us on a watch list for possible future downgrading. we believe our current credit ratings enhance our ability to borrow funds at favorable rates.  a downgrade in our current credit rating from a rating agency could adversely affect our cost of capital by causing us to pay a higher interest rate on borrowed funds under our credit facilities.  a downgrade could also adversely affect the market price and/or liquidity of our senior notes, preventing a holder from selling the notes at a favorable price, as well as adversely affect our ability to issue new notes in the future or incur other indebtedness upon favorable terms.
the right to receive payments on the senior notes is effectively junior to those lenders who have a security interest in our assets.
our obligations under the senior notes and our guarantors' obligations under their guarantees of the senior notes are unsecured, but our and each co-borrower's obligations under our senior secured credit facilities and each guarantor's obligations under their respective guarantees of the senior secured credit facilities are secured by a security interest in substantially all of our domestic tangible and intangible assets, including the stock of most of our wholly-owned united states subsidiaries and the stock of certain of our non-united states subsidiaries. if we are declared bankrupt or insolvent, or if we default under our senior secured credit facilities, the lenders could declare all of the funds borrowed thereunder, together with accrued interest, immediately due and payable. if we were unable to repay such indebtedness, the lenders could foreclose on the pledged assets to the exclusion of holders of the senior notes, even if an event of default exists under the indenture governing the notes. furthermore, if the lenders foreclose and sell the pledged equity interests in any subsidiary guarantor under the senior notes, then that guarantor will be released from its guarantee of the senior notes automatically and immediately upon such sale. in any such event, because the senior notes are not secured by any of our assets or the equity interests in subsidiary guarantors, it is possible that there would be no assets remaining from which claims by holders of the senior notes could be satisfied or, if any assets remained, they might be insufficient to satisfy claims fully.
united states federal and state statutes allow courts, under specific circumstances, to void the senior notes and the guarantees, subordinate claims in respect of the senior notes and the guarantees, and require holders of the senior notes to return payments received from us or the guarantors.
our direct and indirect domestic subsidiaries that are obligors under the senior secured credit facilities also guarantee the
27
obligations under the senior notes. our issuance of the senior notes and the issuance of the guarantees by the guarantors under the secured credit facilities and the senior notes may be subject to review under state and federal laws if a bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization case or a lawsuit, including in circumstances in which bankruptcy is not involved, were commenced at some future date by, or on behalf of, our unpaid creditors or the unpaid creditors of a guarantor. under the federal bankruptcy laws and comparable provisions of state fraudulent transfer laws, a court may avoid or otherwise decline to enforce the senior secured credit facilities, the senior notes or a guarantor's guarantee, or may subordinate the senior secured credit facilities, the senior notes or such guarantee to our or the applicable guarantor's existing and future indebtedness. while the relevant laws may vary from state to state, a court might do so if it found that when indebtedness under the senior secured credit facilities was incurred, or the senior notes were issued, or when the applicable guarantor entered into its guarantee, or, in some states, when payments became due under the senior secured credit facilities, the senior notes or such guarantee, the borrower, the issuer or the applicable guarantor received less than reasonably equivalent value or fair consideration and:
•   was insolvent or rendered insolvent by reason of such incurrence;
•was engaged in a business or transaction for which its remaining assets constituted unreasonably small capital; or
•intended to incur, or believed that it would incur, debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature.
a court would likely find that we or a guarantor did not receive reasonably equivalent value or fair consideration for the senior secured credit facilities, the senior notes or such guarantee if we or such guarantor did not substantially benefit directly or indirectly from the senior secured credit facilities or the issuance of the senior notes. the measures of insolvency for purposes of these fraudulent transfer laws vary depending upon the law applied in any proceeding to determine whether a fraudulent transfer has occurred. generally, however, a borrower, an issuer or a guarantor, as applicable, would be considered insolvent if:
•   the sum of its debts, including contingent liabilities, was greater than the fair saleable value of its assets;
•   the present fair saleable value of its assets was less than the amount that would be required to pay its probable liability on its existing debts, including contingent liabilities, as they become absolute and mature; or
•   it could not pay its debts as they become due.
a court might also void the senior secured credit facilities, the senior notes or a guarantee, without regard to the above factors, if the court found that the senior secured credit facilities or the senior notes were incurred or issued or the applicable guarantor entered into its guarantee with actual intent to hinder, delay or defraud its creditors. in addition, any payment by us or a guarantor pursuant to the senior secured credit facilities, the senior notes or its guarantee could be avoided and required to be returned to us or such guarantor or to a fund for the benefit of our or such guarantor's creditors, and accordingly the court might direct the lenders under the senior secured credit facilities or the holders of the senior notes to repay any amounts already received from us or such guarantor. although each guarantee will contain a "savings clause" intended to limit the subsidiary guarantor's liability to the maximum amount that it could incur without causing the incurrence of obligations under its subsidiary guarantee to be a fraudulent transfer, this provision may not be effective to protect any subsidiary guarantees from being avoided under fraudulent transfer law. furthermore, in official committee of unsecured creditors of tousa, inc. v citicorp north america, inc., the united states bankruptcy court in the southern district of florida held that a savings clause similar to the savings clause included in the documents relating to our senior secured credit facilities and senior notes was unenforceable. as a result, the subsidiary guarantees were found to be fraudulent conveyances. the united states court of appeals for the eleventh circuit recently affirmed the liability findings of the bankruptcy court without ruling directly on the enforceability of savings clauses generally. if the tousa decision were followed by other courts, the risk that the guarantees would be deemed fraudulent conveyances would be significantly increased.
to the extent a court avoids the senior secured credit facilities or the senior notes or any of the guarantees as fraudulent transfers or holds the senior secured credit facilities or the senior notes or any of the guarantees unenforceable for any other reason, the lenders under the senior secured credit facilities or the holders of the senior notes, as the case may be, would cease to have any direct claim against us or the applicable guarantor. if a court were to take this action, our or the applicable guarantor's assets would be applied first to satisfy our or the applicable guarantor's other liabilities, if any, and might not be applied to the payment of the senior secured credit facilities or the senior notes, as the case may be. sufficient funds to repay the senior secured credit facilities and the senior notes may not be available from other sources, including the remaining guarantors, if any.
not all of our subsidiaries have guaranteed our senior secured credit facilities or our senior notes, and the assets of our non-guarantor subsidiaries may not be available to make payments on such obligations.
28
not all of our subsidiaries have guaranteed the senior secured credit facilities or the senior notes. in the event that any non-guarantor subsidiary becomes insolvent, liquidates, reorganizes, dissolves or otherwise winds up, holders of its indebtedness and its trade creditors generally will be entitled to payment on their claims from the assets of that subsidiary before any of those assets are made available to the lenders under the senior secured credit facilities or the holders of the senior notes. consequently, claims in respect of the senior secured credit facilities and the senior notes are structurally subordinated to all of the liabilities of our non-guarantor subsidiaries, including trade payables, and any claims of third party holders of preferred equity interests, if any, in our non-guarantor subsidiaries. for the year ended december 31, 2014, our subsidiaries that are not borrowers under or do not guarantee the senior secured credit facilities and our subsidiaries that do not guarantee the senior notes represented approximately 33% and 25% of our total revenue and operating income, respectively. in addition, these non-guarantor subsidiaries represented approximately 35% and 36% of our total assets and total liabilities, respectively, as of december 31, 2014 (excluding, in each case, intercompany amounts) with respect to both the senior secured credit facilities and the senior notes. of these amounts, as of the same date, our subsidiaries that do not guarantee the senior notes and our subsidiaries that do not guarantee the senior secured credit facilities had approximately $647.6 million of outstanding indebtedness (which includes $523.9 million of borrowings under our revolving credit facilities by foreign subsidiaries that are borrowers under the revolving credit facilities but that do not guarantee the notes).
we may not be able to repurchase the senior notes upon a change of control or pursuant to an asset sale offer.
upon a change of control, as defined in the indenture governing the senior notes, the holders of the notes will have the right to require us to offer to purchase all of the notes then outstanding at a price equal to 101% of their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest. such a change of control would also be an event of default under our senior secured credit facilities. in order to obtain sufficient funds to pay amounts due under the senior secured credit facilities and the purchase price of the outstanding senior notes, we expect that we would have to refinance our indebtedness. we cannot assure you that we would be able to refinance our indebtedness on reasonable terms, if at all. our failure to offer to purchase all outstanding senior notes or to purchase all validly tendered senior notes would be an event of default under the indenture. such an event of default may cause the acceleration of our other debt. our other debt also may contain restrictions on repayment requirements with respect to specified events or transactions that constitute a change of control under the indenture.
the definition of change of control in the indenture governing the senior notes includes a phrase relating to the sale of "all or substantially all" of our assets. there is no precise established definition of the phrase "substantially all" under applicable law. accordingly, the ability of a holder of senior notes to require us to repurchase its notes as a result of a sale of less than all our assets to another person may be uncertain.
in addition, in certain circumstances as specified in the indenture governing the senior notes, we will be required to commence an asset sale offer, as defined in the indenture, pursuant to which we will be obligated to purchase certain senior notes at a price equal to 100% of their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest with the proceeds we receive from certain asset sales. our other debt may contain restrictions that would limit or prohibit us from completing any such asset sale offer. in particular, our senior secured credit facilities contain provisions that require us, upon the sale of certain assets, to apply all of the proceeds from such asset sale to the prepayment of amounts due under the senior secured credit facilities. the mandatory prepayment obligations under the senior secured credit facilities will be effectively senior to our obligations to make an asset sale offer with respect to the senior notes under the terms of the indenture. our failure to purchase any such senior notes when required under the indenture would be an event of default under the indenture.
key terms of the senior notes will be suspended if the notes achieve investment grade ratings and no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing.
many of the covenants in the indenture governing the senior notes will be suspended if the notes are rated investment grade by standard & poor's and moody's provided at such time no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing, including those covenants that restrict, among other things, our ability to pay dividends, incur liens and to enter into certain other transactions. there can be no assurance that the senior notes will ever be rated investment grade. however, suspension of these covenants would allow us to engage in certain transactions that would not be permitted while these covenants were in force (although provisions under our other debt, like the senior secured credit facilities, may continue to restrict us from engaging in these transactions), and the effects of any such transactions will be permitted to remain in place even if the senior notes are subsequently downgraded below investment grade.
the liquidity and market value of the senior notes may change due to a variety of factors.
the liquidity of any trading market in the senior notes, and the market price quoted for the senior notes, may be adversely
29
affected by changes in the overall market for these types of securities, changes in interest rates, changes in our ratings, and changes in our financial performance or prospects or in the prospects for companies in our industries generally.
we rely on an accounts receivable securitization program for a portion of our liquidity.
we have an arrangement whereby we sell an interest in a portion of our accounts receivable to a special purpose vehicle and receive funding through the commercial paper market. this arrangement expires in october 2017.  in the event that the market for commercial paper were to close or otherwise become constrained, our cost of credit relative to this program could rise, or credit could be unavailable altogether.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview we provide replacement parts, components and systems used in the repair and maintenance of vehicles, as well as specialty vehicle products and accessories.
buyers of vehicle replacement products have the option to purchase from primarily five sources: new products produced by original equipment manufacturers ("oems"), which are commonly known as oem products; new products produced by companies other than the oems, which are sometimes referred to as aftermarket products; recycled products obtained from salvage vehicles; used products that have been refurbished; and used products that have been remanufactured. we distribute a variety of products to collision and mechanical repair shops, including aftermarket collision and mechanical products, recycled collision and mechanical products, refurbished collision products such as wheels, bumper covers and lights, and remanufactured engines. collectively, we refer to these products as alternative parts because they are not new oem products.
we are the nation's largest provider of alternative vehicle collision replacement products and a leading provider of alternative vehicle mechanical replacement products, with our sales, processing, and distribution facilities reaching most major markets in the united states and canada. we are also a leading provider of alternative vehicle replacement and maintenance products in the united kingdom and the benelux region of continental europe. in addition to our wholesale operations, we operate heavy truck facilities and self service retail facilities across the u.s. that sell recycled automotive products from end-of-life-vehicles. in 2014, we expanded our product offering to include specialty vehicle aftermarket equipment and accessories through the acquisition of keystone specialty.
we are organized into four operating segments: wholesale - north america; wholesale - europe; self service; and specialty. we aggregate our north american operating segments (wholesale - north america and self service) into one reportable segment, resulting in three reportable segments: north america, europe and specialty.
our revenue, cost of goods sold, and operating results have fluctuated on a quarterly and annual basis in the past and can be expected to continue to fluctuate in the future as a result of a number of factors, some of which are beyond our control. factors that may affect our operating results include, but are not limited to, those listed in the special note on forward-looking statements in part i, item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k. accordingly, our historical results of operations may not be indicative of future performance.
acquisitions and investments since our inception in 1998, we have pursued a growth strategy through both organic growth and acquisitions. we have pursued acquisitions that we believe will help drive profitability, cash flow and stockholder value. our principal focus for acquisitions is companies that are market leaders, will expand our geographic presence and enhance our ability to provide a wide array of automotive products to our customers through our distribution network.
on january 3, 2014, we completed our acquisition of keystone specialty. keystone specialty is a leading distributor and marketer of specialty vehicle aftermarket equipment and accessories in north america serving the following six product segments: truck and off-road; speed and performance; recreational vehicle; towing; wheels, tires and performance handling; and miscellaneous accessories. our acquisition of keystone specialty allows us to enter into new product lines and increase the size of our addressable market. in addition, we believe that the acquisition creates logistics and administrative cost synergies and potential cross-selling opportunities.
in addition to our acquisition of keystone specialty, we made 22 acquisitions during 2014, including 9 wholesale businesses in north america, 9 wholesale businesses in europe, 2 self service retail operations, and 2 specialty vehicle aftermarket businesses. our european acquisitions included seven aftermarket parts distribution businesses in the netherlands, five of which were customers of and distributors for our netherlands subsidiary, sator. in the netherlands, we are currently converting our existing distribution model to better align with that of our u.k. operations. this realignment will allow us to sell directly to the end repair shop customer versus through a local wholesale distributor, which we expect to improve margins, customer service, and fulfillment rates, and position us well to introduce additional product categories, such as collision and specialty vehicle, in the long term. our other acquisitions completed during the year ended december 31, 2014 enabled us to expand into new product lines and enter new markets.
during the year ended december 31, 2013, we completed 20 acquisitions, including our may 2013 acquisition of sator, a vehicle mechanical aftermarket parts distribution company based in the netherlands, with operations in the netherlands, belgium and northern france. with the acquisition of sator, we expanded our geographic presence in the european vehicle mechanical aftermarket products market into continental europe to complement our existing u.k. operations.
36
in addition to our acquisition of sator, we acquired 10 wholesale businesses in north america, 7 wholesale businesses in europe and 2 self service operations. our european acquisitions included five automotive paint distribution businesses in the u.k., which enabled us to expand our collision product offerings. the other acquisitions completed during 2013 enabled us to expand into new product lines and enter new markets.
in august 2013, we entered into an agreement with suncorp group, a leading general insurance group in australia and new zealand, to develop an alternative vehicle replacement parts business in those countries. we are contributing our experience to help establish automotive parts recycling operations and to facilitate the procurement of aftermarket parts, while suncorp is supplying salvage vehicles to the venture as well as assisting in establishing relationships with repair shops as customers. our investment expanded our geographic presence into australia and new zealand and provides the opportunity to establish a leadership position in the supply of alternative parts in those countries.
during the year ended december 31, 2012, we made 30 acquisitions in north america, including 22 wholesale businesses and 8 self service retail operations. these acquisitions enabled us to expand our geographic presence and to enter new markets. additionally, two of our acquisitions were completed with a goal of improving the recovery from scrap and other metals harvested from the vehicles we purchase: a precious metals refining and reclamation business and a scrap metal shredder.
sources of revenue we report our revenue in two categories: (i) parts and services and (ii) other. our parts and services revenue is generated from the sale of vehicle products and related services including (i) aftermarket, other new and refurbished products and (ii) recycled, remanufactured and related products and services. for the year ended december 31, 2014, parts and services revenue represented approximately 90% of our consolidated revenue.
the majority of our parts and services revenue is generated from the sale of vehicle replacement products to collision and mechanical repair shops. our vehicle replacement products include sheet metal crash parts such as doors, hoods, and fenders; bumper covers; engines; head and tail lamps; and wheels. the demand for these products is influenced by several factors, including the number of vehicles in operation, the number of miles being driven, the frequency and severity of vehicle accidents, the age profile of vehicles in accidents, the availability and pricing of new oem parts, seasonal weather patterns and local weather conditions. additionally, automobile insurers exert significant influence over collision repair shops as to how an insured vehicle is repaired and the cost level of the products used in the repair process. accordingly, we consider automobile insurers to be key demand drivers of our vehicle replacement products. while they are not our direct customers, we do provide insurance carriers services in an effort to promote the increased usage of alternative replacement products in the repair process. such services include the review of vehicle repair order estimates, direct quotation services to insurance company adjusters and an aftermarket parts quality and service assurance program. we neither charge a fee to the insurance carriers for these services nor adjust our pricing of products for our customers when we perform these services for insurance carriers. there is no standard price for many of our vehicle replacement products, but rather a pricing structure that varies from day to day based upon such factors as product availability, quality, demand, new oem product prices, the age and mileage of the vehicle from which the part was obtained, competitor pricing and our product cost.
with our january 3, 2014 acquisition of keystone specialty, our revenue from aftermarket, other new and refurbished products also includes revenue generated from the sale of specialty aftermarket vehicle equipment and accessories. these products are primarily sold to a large customer base of specialty vehicle retailers and equipment installers, including mostly independent, single-site operators. specialty vehicle aftermarket products are typically installed on vehicles within the first year of ownership to enhance functionality, performance or aesthetics. as a result, the demand for these products is influenced by new and used vehicle sales and the overall economic health of vehicle owners, which may be affected by general business conditions, interest rates, inflation, consumer debt levels and other matters that influence consumer confidence and spending. the prices for our specialty vehicle products are based on manufacturers' suggested retail prices, with discounts applied based on prevailing market conditions, customer volumes and promotions that we may offer from time to time.
for the year ended december 31, 2014, revenue from other sources represented approximately 10% of our consolidated sales. these other sources include scrap sales and sales of aluminum ingots and sows. we derive scrap metal from several sources, including vehicles that have been used in both our wholesale and self service recycling operations and from oems and other entities that contract with us for secure disposal of "crush only" vehicles. other revenue will vary from period to period based on fluctuations in commodity prices and the volume of materials sold.
37
cost of goods sold our cost of goods sold for aftermarket products includes the price we pay for the parts, freight, and overhead costs related to the purchasing, warehousing and distribution of our inventory, including labor, facility and equipment costs and depreciation. our aftermarket products are acquired from a number of vendors. our cost of goods sold for refurbished products includes the price we pay for cores, freight, and costs to refurbish the parts, including direct and indirect labor, facility and equipment costs, depreciation and other overhead related to our refurbishing operations.
our cost of goods sold for recycled products includes the price we pay for the salvage vehicle and, where applicable, auction, towing and storage fees. prices for salvage vehicles may be impacted by a variety of factors, including the number of buyers competing to purchase the vehicles, the demand and pricing trends for used vehicles, the number of vehicles designated as "total losses" by insurance companies, the production level of new vehicles (which provides the source from which salvage vehicles ultimately come), the age of vehicles at auction and the status of laws regulating bidders or exporters of salvage vehicles. from time to time, we may also adjust our buying strategy to target vehicles with different attributes (for example, age, level of damage, revenue potential). due to changes relating to these factors, we have seen the prices we pay for salvage vehicles fluctuate over time. our cost of goods sold also includes labor and other costs we incur to acquire and dismantle such vehicles. our labor and labor-related costs related to acquisition and dismantling generally account for between 8% and 10% of our cost of goods sold for vehicles we dismantle. the acquisition and dismantling of salvage vehicles is a manual process and, as a result, energy costs are not material. our cost of goods sold for remanufactured products includes the price we pay for cores; freight; and costs to remanufacture the products, including direct and indirect labor, facility and equipment costs, depreciation and other overhead related to our remanufacturing operations.
some of our salvage mechanical products are sold with a standard six-month warranty against defects. additionally, some of our remanufactured engines are sold with a standard three-year warranty against defects. we also provide a limited lifetime warranty for certain of our aftermarket products that is supported by certain of the suppliers of those products. we record the estimated warranty costs at the time of sale using historical warranty claims information to project future warranty claims activity and related expenses.
other revenue is primarily generated from the hulks and unusable parts of the vehicles we acquire for our wholesale and self service recycled product operations, and therefore, the costs of these sales include the proportionate share of the price we pay for the salvage vehicles as well as the applicable auction, storage and towing fees and internal costs to purchase and dismantle the vehicles. our cost of goods sold for other revenue will fluctuate based on the prices paid for salvage vehicles, which may be impacted by a variety of factors as discussed above.
expenses our facility and warehouse expenses primarily include our costs to operate our aftermarket selling warehouses, salvage yards and self service retail facilities. these costs include personnel expenses such as wages, incentive compensation and employee benefits for plant management and facility and warehouse personnel, as well as rent for our facilities and related utilities, property taxes, repairs and maintenance. the costs included in facility and warehouse expenses do not relate to inventory processing or conversion activities and, as such, are classified below the gross margin line on our consolidated statements of income.
our distribution expenses primarily include our costs to prepare and deliver our products to our customers. included in our distribution expense category are personnel costs such as wages, employee benefits and incentive compensation for drivers; third party freight costs; fuel; and expenses related to our delivery and transfer trucks, including vehicle leases, repairs and maintenance and insurance.
our selling and marketing expenses primarily include salary, commission and other incentive compensation expenses for sales personnel; advertising, promotion and marketing costs; credit card fees; telephone and other communication expenses; and bad debt expense. personnel costs generally account for between 75% and 80% of our selling and marketing expenses. most of our sales personnel are paid on a commission basis. the number and quality of our sales force is critical to our ability to respond to our customers' needs and increase our sales volume. our objective is to continually evaluate our sales force, develop and implement training programs, and utilize appropriate measurements to assess our selling effectiveness.
our general and administrative expenses primarily include the costs of our corporate offices and field support center, which provide management, treasury, accounting, legal, payroll, business development, human resources and information systems functions. general and administrative expenses include wages, benefits, stock-based compensation and other incentive compensation for corporate, regional and administrative personnel; information systems support and maintenance expenses; and accounting, legal and other professional fees.
38
seasonality our operating results are subject to quarterly variations based on a variety of factors, influenced primarily by seasonal changes in weather patterns. during the winter months, we tend to have higher demand for our vehicle replacement products because there are more weather related accidents, which generate repairs. we expect our specialty vehicle operations to generate greater revenue and earnings in the first half of the year, when vehicle owners tend to install specialty products.
critical accounting policies and estimates the discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states. the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates, assumptions, and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, assumptions, and judgments, including those related to revenue recognition, inventory valuation, business combinations, and goodwill impairment. we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. the results of these estimates form the basis for our judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and our recognition of revenue. actual results may differ from these estimates.
revenue recognition we recognize and report revenue from the sale of vehicle products when they are shipped to or picked up by the customers and title has transferred, subject to an allowance for estimated returns, discounts and allowances that management estimates based upon historical information. a product would ordinarily be returned within a few days of shipment. our customers may earn discounts based upon sales volumes or sales volumes coupled with prompt payment. allowances are normally given within a few days following product shipment. we analyze historical returns and allowances activity by comparing the items to the original invoice amounts and dates. we use this information to project future returns and allowances on products sold. if actual returns and allowances are higher than our historical experience, there would be an adverse impact on our operating results in the period of occurrence.
we recognize revenue from the sale of scrap metal, other metals, and cores when title has transferred, which typically occurs upon delivery to the customer.
inventory accounting aftermarket and refurbished product inventory. our aftermarket inventory cost is established based on the average price we pay for parts, and includes expenses incurred for freight and overhead costs. for items purchased from foreign companies, import fees and duties and transportation insurance are also included. refurbished inventory cost is based on the average price we pay for cores, and also includes expenses incurred for freight, labor and other overhead related to our refurbishing operations.
salvage and remanufactured inventory. our salvage inventory cost is established based upon the price we pay for a vehicle, including auction, towing and storage fees, as well as expenditures for buying and dismantling vehicles. inventory carrying value is determined using the average cost to sales percentage at each of our facilities and applying that percentage to the facility's inventory at expected selling prices, the assessment of which incorporates the sales probability based on a part's days in stock and historical demand. the average cost to sales percentage is derived from each facility's historical profitability for salvage vehicles. remanufactured inventory cost is based upon the price paid for cores, and also includes expenses incurred for freight, direct manufacturing costs and overhead related to our remanufacturing operations.
all inventory is recorded at the lower of cost or market. the carrying value of our inventory includes a provision for excess and obsolete inventory, which we calculate based on a detailed review of current inventory on hand, historical sales experience, and anticipated demand. the carrying value is adjusted downward when anticipated demand is less than inventory on hand, inventories have become obsolete or inventory costs are in excess of net realizable value.
business combinations we record our acquisitions under the acquisition method of accounting, under which the acquisition purchase price is allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their respective fair values. we utilize management estimates and, in some instances, independent third-party valuation firms to assist in determining the fair values of assets acquired, liabilities assumed and contingent consideration granted. such estimates and valuations require us to make significant assumptions, including projections of future events and operating performance. the purchase price allocation is subject to change during the measurement period, which is limited to one year subsequent to the acquisition date.
39
goodwill impairment we are required to test our goodwill for impairment at least annually. when testing goodwill for impairment, we are required to evaluate events and circumstances that may affect the performance of the reporting unit and the extent to which the events and circumstances may impact the future cash flows of the reporting unit to determine whether the fair value of the assets exceed the carrying value. if these assumptions or estimates change in the future, we may be required to record impairment charges for these assets. in response to changes in industry and market conditions, we may be required to strategically realign our resources and consider restructuring, disposing of, or otherwise exiting businesses, which could result in an impairment of goodwill.
we are organized into four operating segments: wholesale-north america; wholesale-europe; self service; and specialty. we have also concluded that these four operating segments are reporting units for purposes of goodwill impairment testing in 2014. we perform goodwill impairment tests annually in the fourth quarter and between annual tests whenever events indicate that an impairment may exist. during 2014, we did not identify any events or changes in circumstances that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of our reporting units below their carrying amounts. therefore, we did not perform any impairment tests other than our annual test in the fourth quarter of 2014.
our goodwill would be considered impaired if the net book value of a reporting unit exceeded its estimated fair value. the fair value estimates are established using weightings of the results of a discounted cash flow methodology and a comparative market multiples approach. we believe that using two methods to determine fair value limits the chances of an unrepresentative valuation. as of december 31, 2014, we had a total of $2.3 billion in goodwill subject to future impairment tests. if we were required to recognize goodwill impairments, we would report those impairment losses as part of our operating results. we determined that no adjustments were necessary when we performed our annual impairment testing in the fourth quarter of 2014. a 10% decrease in the fair value estimates of the reporting units in the annual impairment test would not have changed this determination.
recently issued accounting pronouncements see "recent accounting pronouncements" in note 2, "summary of significant accounting policies" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for information related to new accounting standards.
financial information by geographic area see note 13, "segment and geographic information" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for information related to our revenue and long-lived assets by geographic region.
results of operations-consolidated the following table sets forth statements of income data as a percentage of total revenue for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,
2014                                                                     2013           2012
revenue                                             100.0   %      100.0    %     100.0    %
cost of goods sold                                   60.7   %       59.0    %      58.2    %
gross margin                                         39.3   %       41.0    %      41.8    %
facility and warehouse expenses                       7.8   %        8.4    %       8.4    %
distribution expenses                                 8.6   %        8.5    %       9.1    %
selling, general and administrative expenses         11.3   %       11.8    %      12.0    %
restructuring and acquisition related expenses        0.2   %        0.2    %       0.1    %
depreciation and amortization                         1.8   %        1.6    %       1.6    %
operating income                                      9.6   %       10.5    %      10.6    %
other expense, net                                    0.9   %        1.1    %       0.7    %
income before provision for income taxes              8.7   %        9.4    %       9.9    %
provision for income taxes                            3.0   %        3.2    %       3.6    %
equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries    (0.0   )%         -    %         -    %
net income                                            5.7   %        6.2    %       6.3    %
40
year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013
revenue. the following table summarizes the changes in revenue by category (in thousands):
year ended december 31,                                                             percentage change in revenue
2014                                                 2013                               acquisition           organic           foreign exchange           total change parts &amp; services revenue      $6,086,759                  $4,429,580               27.8       %         9.0     %             0.6          %          37.4        %
other revenue                        653,305                     632,948                9.3       %        (6.0    )%            (0.1         )%           3.2        %
total revenue                     $6,740,064                  $5,062,528               25.5       %         7.1     %             0.6          %          33.1        %
refer to the discussion of our segment results of operations for factors contributing to revenue growth during 2014 compared to the prior year.
cost of goods sold. our cost of goods sold increased to 60.7% of revenue in 2014 from 59.0% of revenue in 2013. the increase in cost of goods sold was primarily the result of lower margins generated by certain of our acquired businesses, which increased cost of goods sold by 2.0% of revenue. our keystone specialty business operates a three step distribution model, which generates lower gross margins compared to our revenue from sales directly to repairers, and therefore was responsible for 1.2% of the increase in cost of goods sold as a percentage of revenue. our other acquisitions completed since the beginning of the prior year were responsible for the remainder of the acquisition impact on cost of goods sold, none of which had a material impact on our gross margins individually. partially offsetting the impact of our acquisitions, improvement in our north american gross margins decreased cost of goods sold by 0.4% of revenue. refer to the discussion of our segment results of operations for factors contributing to the changes in cost of goods sold by segment for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013.
facility and warehouse expenses. as a percentage of revenue, facility and warehouse expenses for the year ended december 31, 2014 decreased to 7.8% from 8.4% in the prior year, which was primarily due to the effect of our keystone specialty acquisition. compared to our other north american operations, keystone specialty stores a greater portion of inventory at its regional distribution centers, the costs of which are capitalized into inventory and expensed through cost of goods sold. in our north american wholesale operations, most of the inventory sold by our locations is stored on site rather than in distribution centers, and the related facility and warehouse expenses are recorded in this line item.
distribution expenses. as a percentage of revenue, distribution expenses increased to 8.6% in 2014 from 8.5% in 2013, primarily due to greater costs in our european segment. in our u.k. operations, we incurred greater personnel expenditures as a result of 59 new branch openings since the beginning of the prior year, which increased distribution expenses by 0.1% of revenue.
selling, general and administrative expenses. our selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31, 2014 decreased to 11.3% of revenue from 11.8% of revenue in the prior year. our acquisitions contributed 0.4% of the reduction in expense, including primarily the effect of keystone specialty, which has lower selling, general and administrative costs compared to our other operations. greater leverage of our sales force and general and administrative personnel in our north american operations contributed an additional 0.3% improvement in costs as a percentage of revenue. these reductions in expense as a percentage of revenue were partially offset by greater expenses in our european operations, including greater expenditures for our sales force, primarily related to new branch openings, and higher advertising costs compared to the prior year period, which increased selling, general and administrative expenses by 0.2% of revenue.
restructuring and acquisition related expenses. the following table summarizes restructuring and acquisition related expenses for the periods indicated (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2014                                                                                      2013                 change restructuring expenses                                   $11,123         (1)      $3,526         (2)      $7,597
acquisition related expenses                               3,683         (3)       6,647         (4)      (2,964    )
total restructuring and acquisition related expenses     $14,806                 $10,173                  $4,633
(1)   includes $5.8 million of expense related to the integration of our keystone specialty acquisition, as well as $1.9 million, $1.0 million, and $0.8 million of expense related to the integration of acquired businesses in our european, north american and specialty segments, respectively. additionally, we incurred $1.6 million of severance costs to terminated employees as part of the ongoing rationalization of our european operations.
41
(2)   includes $2.1 million of restructuring expenses related to the integration of certain of our 2013 european acquisitions and $1.4 million of restructuring expenses related to the integration of certain of our 2012 north american acquisitions.
(3)   includes external costs primarily related to our acquisitions of seven distribution companies in the netherlands.
(4)   includes external costs primarily related to our acquisitions of sator, five automotive paint distribution businesses in the u.k. and our january 2014 acquisition of keystone specialty.
see note 9, "restructuring and acquisition related expenses" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on our restructuring and integration plans.
depreciation and amortization. the following table provides additional information about the increase in depreciation and amortization compared to the prior year (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2014                                                     2013                               change depreciation                              $86,216               $67,122               $19,094        (1)
amortization                               34,503                13,847                20,656        (2)
total depreciation and amortization      $120,719               $80,969               $39,750
(1)   increase in depreciation is a result of increased levels of property and equipment to support our organic and acquisition related growth.
(2)   increase in amortization is a result of amortization of intangible assets related to our acquisitions completed since the beginning of the prior year. we recognized $78.1 million of intangibles related to our january 2014 acquisition of keystone specialty and $45.3 million of intangibles related to our may 2013 acquisition of sator.
other expense, net. the following table summarizes the components of the year-over-year increase in other expense, net (in thousands):
other expense, net for the year ended december 31, 2013             $54,353
increase (decrease) due to:
interest expense                                                     13,358       (1)
loss on debt extinguishment                                          (2,471   )   (2)
changes in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities        (4,355   )   (3)
interest and other income, net                                        1,095       (4)
net increase                                                          7,627
other expense, net for the year ended december 31, 2014             $61,980
(1)   increased $17.8 million as a result of higher average outstanding debt levels, primarily to finance our keystone specialty and 2014 european acquisitions, partially offset by a decrease of $4.4 million as a result of lower interest rates relative to the prior year, primarily due to a lower applicable margin on our credit agreement borrowings as a result of our march 2014 amendment.
(2)   in 2014, we incurred a loss on debt extinguishment of $0.3 million related to the march 2014 amendment to our senior secured credit agreement, compared to a loss on debt extinguishment of $2.8 million during the prior year related to our may 2013 amendment to our senior secured credit credit agreement.
(3)   during 2014, we recorded gains of $1.9 million as a result of fair value adjustments to our contingent consideration liabilities, compared to losses of $2.5 million in the prior year. see note 6, "fair value measurements" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on our contingent payment arrangements.
(4)   primarily due to $0.9 million of greater losses as a result of foreign currency exchange for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013.
see note 4, "long-term obligations" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on the amendments to our credit agreement.
42
provision for income taxes. our effective income tax rate was 34.7% for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to 34.5% for the year ended december 31, 2013. the lower effective income tax rate in 2013 primarily reflects the discrete benefit related to the revaluation of our net u.k. deferred tax liabilities as a result of reductions in the u.k. corporate income tax rate.
year ended december 31, 2013 compared to year ended december 31, 2012
revenue. the following table summarizes the changes in revenue by category (amounts in thousands):
year ended december 31,                                                             percentage change in revenue
2013                                                 2012                               acquisition           organic           foreign exchange           total change parts &amp; services revenue      $4,429,580                  $3,563,876               13.7       %        11.0     %            (0.4   )%                24.3        %
other revenue                        632,948                     559,054               14.8       %        (1.5    )%            (0.1   )%                13.2        %
total revenue                     $5,062,528                  $4,122,930               13.8       %         9.3     %            (0.4   )%                22.8        %
refer to the discussion of our segment results of operations for factors contributing to revenue growth during 2013 compared to the prior year.
cost of goods sold. our cost of goods sold increased to 59.0% of revenue in 2013 from 58.2% of revenue in 2012. in 2013, our cost of goods sold reflected a 0.7% increase as a percentage of revenue as a result of the lower gross margins generated by certain of our acquisitions, including our 2013 acquisitions of sator and five u.k.-based paint distribution businesses, as well as our june 2012 acquisition of a precious metals refining and reclamation business. in 2012, we recognized a gain on lawsuit settlements totaling $17.9 million that did not reoccur in 2013, thus accounting for 0.4% of the increase in the 2013 cost of goods sold as a percentage of revenue. see note 7, "commitments and contingencies" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on the lawsuit settlements. these increases in cost of goods sold as a percentage of revenue were partially offset by 0.4% improvement in gross margin in our salvage operations within our wholesale - north america segment, which reflects the impact of various individually insignificant factors, the largest of which were lower vehicle costs and pricing improvements.
facility and warehouse expenses. as a percentage of revenue, facility and warehouse expenses for the year ended december 31, 2013 remained flat at 8.4% of revenue. our north american operations increased facility and warehouse expense by 0.2% of revenue, which reflects increased weighting of our self service business. during 2012, we completed the acquisition of eight self service retail operations, which generally incur greater facility costs as a percentage of revenue compared to our wholesale operations, as our self service business tends to require a larger facility footprint to generate its sales. higher costs in north america were offset by a greater proportion of revenue generated by our european operations, which incur lower facility and warehouse costs as a percentage of revenue, combined with improved leveraging of facility and warehouse personnel in our u.k. operations related to 56 new branch openings completed since the beginning of 2012.
distribution expenses. as a percentage of revenue, distribution expenses decreased to 8.5% of revenue in 2013 from 9.1% of revenue in 2012. in our north american operations, improved leveraging of our distribution workforce contributed 0.2% of the reduction in distribution expenses as a percentage of revenue. fuel expense also decreased by 0.1% of revenue due to a reduction in the average price we pay for fuel. our european operations contributed the remainder of the decrease, including a 0.2% benefit from our 2013 european acquisitions, as well as a 0.1% benefit from our existing u.k. operations, primarily as a result of improved leverage related to 56 new branch openings since the beginning of 2012.
selling, general and administrative expenses. our selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31, 2013 decreased to 11.8% of revenue from 12.0% during the prior year. the reduction of these expenses as a percentage of revenue reflects an approximately equal impact from improved leveraging of general and administrative overhead costs and the relatively lower general and administrative expenses incurred by our sator business compared to our other operations.
restructuring and acquisition related expenses. the following table summarizes restructuring and acquisition related expenses for the periods indicated (in thousands):
43
year ended december 31,
2013                                                                                    2012                 change restructuring expenses                                    $3,526        (1)      $2,280        (2)      $1,246
acquisition related expenses                               6,647        (3)         471                  6,176
total restructuring and acquisition related expenses     $10,173                 $2,751                 $7,422
(1)   includes $2.1 million of restructuring expenses related to the integration of certain of our 2013 european acquisitions and $1.4 million of restructuring expenses related to the integration of certain of our 2012 north american acquisitions.
(2)   includes $1.1 million related to the consolidation of our bumper and wheel refurbishing operations and $1.2 million related to the integration of certain of our 2011 and 2012 acquisitions into our existing business.
(3)   includes external costs primarily related to our acquisitions of sator, five automotive paint distribution businesses in the u.k. and our january 2014 acquisition of keystone specialty.
see note 9, "restructuring and acquisition related expenses" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on our restructuring and integration plans.
depreciation and amortization. the following table provides additional information about the increase in depreciation and amortization compared to the prior year (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2013                                                   2012                               change depreciation                            $67,122               $54,548               $12,574        (1)
amortization                             13,847                 9,545                 4,302        (2)
total depreciation and amortization     $80,969               $64,093               $16,876
(1)   increase in depreciation is a result of increased levels of property and equipment to support our organic and acquisition related growth.
(2)   increase in amortization is a result of higher levels of intangible assets as a result of business acquisitions, including $45.3 million related to our may 2013 acquisition of sator.
other expense, net. the following table summarizes the components of the year-over-year increase in other expense, net (in thousands):
other expense, net for the year ended december 31, 2012             $28,786
increase due to:
interest expense                                                     19,755   (1)
loss on debt extinguishment                                           2,795   (2)
changes in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities           861   (3)
interest and other income, net                                        2,156   (4)
total increase                                                       25,567
other expense, net for the year ended december 31, 2013             $54,353
(1)   the increase in interest expense includes an approximately equal impact of higher outstanding debt balances and higher interest rates, primarily as a result of the senior notes issued in may 2013. see note 4, "long-term obligations" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information related to our 2013 senior notes offering.
(2)   in may 2013, we executed an amended and restated senior secured credit agreement, and as a result, we expensed a portion of capitalized debt issuance costs related to the prior agreement, as well as a portion of the fees incurred with the amendment.
(3)   in 2013, we recognized expense of $2.5 million as a result of fair value adjustments to our contingent payment liabilities, compared to $1.6 million in 2012. see note 6, "fair value measurements" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on our contingent payment arrangements.
44
(4)   the increase in interest and other income, net was primarily due to the impact of foreign currency fluctuations in the canadian dollar, the british pound, and other currencies, which was a loss of $2.4 million during 2013 compared to a gain of $0.2 million during 2012.
provision for income taxes. our effective income tax rate was 34.5% and 36.2% for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. we continued to expand our international operations throughout 2012 and 2013 with both acquisition related and organic revenue growth in our european segment as well as through acquisitions in canada. the lower effective income tax rate in 2013 reflects a 1.4% benefit relative to the prior year as a result of this growth in our international operations, where a larger proportion of our pretax income was generated in lower rate jurisdictions. the effect of lower state income taxes, other discrete items and permanent differences contributed the remaining 0.3% reduction in the effective tax rate compared to the prior year.
results of operations-segment reporting we have four operating segments: wholesale - north america; wholesale - europe; self service; and specialty. our specialty operating segment was formed with our january 3, 2014 acquisition of keystone specialty, as discussed in note 8, "business combinations" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. our wholesale - north america and self service operating segments are aggregated into one reportable segment, north america, because they possess similar economic characteristics and have common products and services, customers, and methods of distribution. therefore, we present three reportable segments: north america, europe and specialty.
the following table presents our financial performance, including third party revenue, total revenue and segment ebitda, by reportable segment for the periods indicated (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2014                                                % of total revenue   2013                        % of total revenue   2012                        % of total revenue third party revenue north america                  $4,088,701                                       $3,802,929                                       $3,426,858
europe                          1,846,155                                        1,259,599                                          696,072
specialty                         805,208                                                -                                                -
total third party revenue      $6,740,064                                       $5,062,528                                       $4,122,930
total revenue north america                  $4,089,290                                       $3,802,929                                       $3,426,858
europe                          1,846,155                                        1,259,599                                          696,072
specialty                         807,015                                                -                                                -
eliminations                       (2,396   )                                            -                                                -
total revenue                  $6,740,064                                       $5,062,528                                       $4,122,930
segment ebitda north america                    $543,943                        13.3%            $486,831           12.8%                         $441,268           12.9%
europe                            167,155                         9.1%             141,756           11.3%                           73,673           10.6%
specialty                          79,453                         9.8%                   -           n/m                                  -           n/m total segment ebitda             $790,551                        11.7%            $628,587           12.4%                         $514,941           12.5%
the key measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by our chief operating decision maker, who is our chief executive officer, is segment ebitda. segment ebitda includes revenue and expenses that are controllable by the segment. corporate and administrative expenses are allocated to the segments based on usage, with shared expenses apportioned based on the segment's percentage of consolidated revenue. segment ebitda is calculated as ebitda excluding restructuring and acquisition related expenses, change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities and equity in earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries. ebitda, which is the basis for segment ebitda, is calculated as net income excluding depreciation, amortization, interest (including loss on debt extinguishment) and taxes. loss on debt extinguishment is considered a component of interest in calculating ebitda, as the write-off of debt issuance costs is similar to the treatment of debt issuance cost amortization. see note 13, "segment and geographic information" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for a reconciliation of total segment ebitda to net income.
45
because our specialty segment was formed on january 3, 2014 with our keystone specialty acquisition, the discussion of our consolidated results of operations covers the factors driving the year-over-year performance of our existing business and also discusses the effect of the specialty operations on our consolidated results. results for the specialty segment will not have a comparative period until the first quarter of 2015. however, compared to keystone specialty's unaudited results for the year ended december 31, 2013, revenue in our specialty segment increased 15.8%. during the fourth quarter of 2014, we completed two additional acquisitions in our specialty segment, which contributed approximately one quarter of the revenue growth. the remaining revenue growth was primarily due to greater sales volumes as a result of favorable economic conditions. additionally, during the year ended december 31, 2014, we generated a greater proportion of revenue from our higher-end specialty vehicle products, such as truck and recreational vehicle accessories, which resulted in a favorable mix of revenue compared to the prior year unaudited results.
year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013
north america third party revenue. the following table summarizes the changes in third party revenue by category in our north american segment (in thousands):
year ended december 31,                                                                 percentage change in revenue north america                                 2014   2013                              acquisition (1)           organic            foreign exchange           total change parts &amp; services revenue      $3,437,821                  $3,171,733                 2.8         %         6.1     %   (2)       (0.5   )%                 8.4        %
other revenue                        650,880                     631,196                 9.3         %        (6.0    )%   (3)       (0.1   )%                 3.1        %
total revenue                     $4,088,701                  $3,802,929                 3.8         %         4.1     %             (0.5   )%                 7.5        %
(1)   reflects the impact of 9 wholesale businesses and 2 self service retail operations acquired during 2014.
(2)   our organic growth in parts and services revenue was primarily due to higher sales volumes, as severe winter weather conditions during the second half of the fourth quarter of 2013 and through the first quarter of 2014 contributed to increased vehicle accidents, resulting in higher insurance claims activity. in addition, we believe the increased new car production since 2009 and greater miles driven has increased the demand for automotive parts used in repairs, including alternative parts. industry reports also indicate that the number of parts used in each insured repair is increasing compared to historical levels.
(3)   approximately half of the reduction in other revenue was due to reduced volume of scrap and other metals, with the remaining decline a result of lower prices for scrap and other metals. compared to the prior year, our furnace operations processed lower volumes of aluminum. additionally, we purchased fewer self service and "crush only" cars in the first quarter of 2014 as the prices demanded for vehicles in certain markets exceeded our acceptable cost given the prices of scrap and other metals. while we increased our purchasing levels during the remainder of the year to offset the shortfall, we crushed fewer vehicles compared to the prior year period due to the lag time to process these cars.
segment ebitda. as a percentage of total revenue, segment ebitda in north america increased to 13.3% during the year ended december 31, 2014 from 12.8% in the prior year. the improvement in segment ebitda reflects an increase in gross margin by 0.2% of revenue combined with a 0.3% reduction in operating expenses as a percentage of revenue. our wholesale operations increased gross margin by 0.6% of revenue, including a 0.5% improvement from lower inventory purchase costs and a favorable mix effect of 0.2% as a result of generating less revenue from our lower margin sales of scrap and precious metals. the improvement in gross margin as a percentage of revenue was partially offset by the impact of our acquisition of an automotive core business in january 2014, which increased our revenue in product lines that are complementary to our existing vehicle replacement parts offerings but generate lower gross margins, thereby decreasing gross margins by 0.5% of revenue. selling, general and administrative expenses declined by 0.5% of revenue, primarily due to improved leverage of our sales force and general and administrative personnel, but this was partially offset by an increase of facility and warehouse expenses by 0.2% of revenue due to higher personnel expenditures.
europe third party revenue. the following table summarizes the changes in third party revenue by category in our european segment (in thousands):
46
year ended december 31,                                                                        percentage change in revenue europe                                        2014   2013                               acquisition (1)          organic (2)           foreign exchange (3)           total change parts &amp; services revenue      $1,843,730                  $1,257,847                 27.0         %         16.1       %               3.6            %          46.6        %
other revenue                          2,425                       1,752                 12.8         %         19.7       %               5.8            %          38.4        %
total revenue                     $1,846,155                  $1,259,599                 26.9         %         16.1       %               3.6            %          46.6        %
(1)   includes $131.3 million from our may 2013 acquisition of sator, $85.6 million from our august 2013 acquisitions of five paint distributors in the u.k. and $100.3 million from our 2014 acquisitions of seven distribution companies in the netherlands.
(2)   in our u.k. operations, revenue grew organically by 20.6%, while our continental european operations were flat with the prior year post-acquisition period, resulting in net organic revenue growth of 16.1% over the prior year. our organic revenue growth in the u.k., which resulted from higher sales volumes, was composed of a 13.3% increase from stores open more than 12 months and a 7.3% increase from revenue generated by 59 branch openings since the beginning of the prior year through the one year anniversary of their respective opening dates. in our continental european operations, a new warehouse location in france resulted in greater sales volumes compared to the prior year period, but this growth was offset by a decline in sales into eastern europe as a result of the devaluation of local currencies and political instability.
(3)   compared to the prior year, exchange rates contributed 3.6% of the revenue growth, primarily due to the strengthening of the british pound against the u.s. dollar in the first nine months of 2014. while exchanges rates positively affected revenue on a year-to-date basis, the british pound weakened against the u.s. dollar in the fourth quarter to partially offset the benefit realized during the first nine months of the year. based on exchange rates through early february 2015 and projections for the remainder of the year, we expect there will be a negative effect on revenue from foreign currency exchange in 2015.
segment ebitda. as a percentage of total revenue, segment ebitda in our european operations decreased to 9.1% for the year ended december 31, 2014 from 11.3% during the year ended december 31, 2013. our acquisitions completed since the beginning of the prior year were responsible for 1.1% of the decline in segment ebitda as a percentage of revenue, including primarily the effect of the netherlands distributors we acquired in may 2014. the effect of the netherlands distributors includes a negative gross margin impact of 0.3% that we believe will not affect future periods once the higher cost acquired inventory has turned and we are able to internalize the incremental distributor margin. additionally, as we transition our continental european operations to a two step distribution model, including the effect of these acquisitions, we expect our operating expenses to increase as we internalize the cost of the distribution network; during the year ended december 31, 2014, these greater operating costs resulted in a decline in segment ebitda as a percentage of revenue, thereby accounting for the remaining negative impact on segment ebitda margins. our existing operations were responsible for the remaining decline in segment ebitda, including a 0.7% effect from 59 new branch openings in the u.k. since the beginning of the prior year in our u.k. operations. additionally, we incurred 0.2% in higher advertising expenses compared to the prior year.
year ended december 31, 2013 compared to year ended december 31, 2012
north america third party revenue. the following table summarizes the changes in third party revenue by category in our north american segment (in thousands):
year ended december 31,                                                                  percentage change in revenue north america                                 2013   2012                               acquisition (1)           organic            foreign exchange           total change parts &amp; services revenue      $3,171,733                  $2,868,980                  4.8         %         6.0     %   (2)       (0.2   )%                10.6        %
other revenue                        631,196                     557,878                 14.8         %        (1.6    )%   (3)       (0.1   )%                13.1        %
total revenue                     $3,802,929                  $3,426,858                  6.4         %         4.8     %             (0.2   )%                11.0        %
(1)   reflects the impact of 10 wholesale businesses and 2 self service retail operations acquired during 2013.
(2)   organic growth in parts and services revenue is primarily due to higher sales volumes. in the first half of 2012, we experienced milder winter weather conditions, which contributed to fewer and less severe vehicle accidents, resulting in lower insurance claims. additionally, 2013 sales volumes benefited from higher inventory purchases compared to 2012, which contributed to a greater volume of parts available for sale.
47
(3)   the decrease in other revenue was primarily a result of a reduction in sales volume from our furnace operations, partially offset by an increased volume of scrap and core revenue from our salvage operations.
segment ebitda. as a percentage of total revenue, segment ebitda decreased to 12.8% in 2013 from 12.9% in 2012. in 2012, we recognized a gain on lawsuit settlements totaling $17.9 million, which decreased 2013 segment ebitda as a percentage of revenue by 0.5% relative to 2012 as the gain did not reoccur in 2013. our precious metals refining and reclamation business, which generates lower margins as a percentage of revenue, contributed 0.2% of the decline in segment ebitda, primarily due to including a full year of results in 2013 compared to only seven months in 2012. in our self service operations, a narrowing spread between the prices received for scrap and other metals and the cost of the scrap component of the cars that we crushed resulted in a decrease in segment ebitda of 0.2% of revenue.  these decreases were partly offset by a 0.5% improvement in segment ebitda margin from our wholesale salvage operations, which reflects the impact of various individually insignificant factors, the largest of which were lower vehicle costs and pricing improvements. lower operating expenses increased segment ebitda by 0.2% of revenue as a result of improved leverage of our distribution workforce and lower fuel costs, partially offset by higher facility costs in our self service operations.
europe third party revenue. the following table summarizes the changes in third party revenue by category in our european segment (in thousands):
year ended december 31,                                                                        percentage change in revenue europe                                        2013   2012                             acquisition (1)          organic (2)           foreign exchange (3)           total change parts &amp; services revenue      $1,257,847                  $694,896                 50.5   %               31.8       %              (1.3   )%                  81.0        %
other revenue                          1,752                     1,176                    -   %               50.7       %              (1.7   )%                  49.0        %
total revenue                     $1,259,599                  $696,072                 50.4   %               31.8       %              (1.3   )%                  81.0        %
(1)   acquisition related revenue growth was primarily a result of our sator acquisition completed in may 2013.
(2)   our organic revenue growth was a result of higher sales volumes, including a 20.8% increase from stores open more than 12 months and an 11% increase from revenue generated by 56 branch openings since the beginning of 2012 through the one year anniversary of their respective opening dates.
(3)   the weakening, on average, of the british pound against the u.s. dollar decreased revenue by 1.3% compared to the prior year.
segment ebitda. as a percentage of total revenue, segment ebitda in our european segment increased to 11.3% for the year ended december 31, 2013 from 10.6% during 2012. in our u.k. operations, improved leverage of our facilities and distribution network to support new branch openings and existing store sales growth resulted in a 1.1% improvement in segment ebitda as a percentage of revenue compared to the prior year. the improvement in segment ebitda margin in our u.k. operations was partially offset by the impact of our sator acquisition, which decreased segment ebitda by 0.4% as a percentage of revenue.
2015 outlook we estimate that net income and diluted earnings per share for the year ending december 31, 2015, excluding the impact of any restructuring and acquisition related expenses and any gains or losses related to acquisitions or divestitures (including changes in the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities), will be in the range of $420 million to $450 million and $1.36 to $1.46, respectively.
liquidity and capital resources the following table summarizes liquidity data as of the dates indicated (in thousands):
48
december 31, 2014       december 31, 2013
cash and equivalents                                                                 $114,605                $150,488
total debt                                                                          1,864,562               1,305,781
net debt (total debt less cash and equivalents)                                     1,749,957               1,155,293
current maturities                                                                     63,515                  41,535
capacity under credit facilities (1)                                                1,947,000               1,430,000
availability under credit facilities (1)                                            1,127,810               1,150,603
total liquidity (cash and equivalents plus availability on credit facilities)       1,242,415               1,301,091
(1) includes our revolving credit facilities and our receivables securitization facility.
we assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to fund our operations and provide for expansion through both internal development and acquisitions. our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows from operations and our credit facilities. we utilize our cash flows from operations to fund working capital and capital expenditures, with the excess amounts going towards funding acquisitions or paying down outstanding debt. as we have pursued acquisitions as part of our growth strategy, our cash flows from operations have not always been sufficient to cover our investing activities. to fund our acquisitions, we have accessed various forms of debt financing, including our march 2014 amendment to our senior secured credit facilities and the issuance of $600 million of senior notes in may 2013.
as of december 31, 2014, we had debt outstanding and additional available sources of financing, as follows:
•   senior secured credit facilities maturing in may 2019, composed of $450 million in term loans ($433 million outstanding at december 31, 2014) and $1.85 billion in revolving credit ($664 million outstanding at december 31, 2014), bearing interest at variable rates (although a portion of this debt is hedged through interest rate swap contracts)
•   senior notes totaling $600 million, maturing in may 2023 and bearing interest at a 4.75% fixed rate
•   receivables securitization facility with availability up to $97 million ($94.9 million outstanding as of december 31, 2014), maturing in october 2017 and bearing interest at variable commercial paper rates since the first quarter of 2013, we have undertaken several financing transactions to increase our available liquidity, including two amendments to our senior secured credit facilities (most recently amended as of march 27, 2014), our $600 million senior notes offering completed in may 2013 and an amendment to our receivables facility in september 2014. the amendments to our credit facilities increased the size of our revolver, reset the term loan, extended the maturity of the credit agreement, and adjusted certain of our bank covenants. by issuing the notes, we diversified our financing structure by adding a long-term fixed rate instrument and reducing our reliance on the bank market. we also believe the interest rate on the notes was favorable. although higher than today's short-term floating rate debt, the 10-year fixed rate of 4.75% reduces our risk of future interest rate increases, which we have seen in the market subsequent to our offering. the amendment to our receivables facility increased our maximum borrowing capacity by $17 million and extended the maturity by two years. the new structure provides financial flexibility to execute our long-term growth strategy. if we see an attractive acquisition opportunity, we have the ability to use our revolver to move quickly and have certainty of funding up to the amount of our then-available liquidity.
as of december 31, 2014, we had approximately $1.1 billion available under our credit facilities. combined with approximately $115 million of cash and equivalents at december 31, 2014, we had approximately $1.2 billion in available liquidity, a decrease of $59 million over our available liquidity as of december 31, 2013. the amendment to our senior secured credit facilities in the first quarter of 2014 provided an additional $500 million of availability on our revolver, which more than offset the increase in borrowings to finance our january 2014 keystone specialty acquisition. we believe that our current liquidity and cash expected to be generated by operating activities in future periods will be sufficient to meet our current operating and capital requirements, although such sources may not be sufficient for future acquisitions depending on their size. while we believe that we currently have adequate capacity, from time to time we may need to raise additional funds through public or private financing, strategic relationships or other arrangements. there can be no assurance that additional funding, or refinancing of our credit facilities, if needed, will be available on terms attractive to us, or at all. furthermore, any additional equity financing may be dilutive to stockholders, and debt financing, if available, may involve restrictive covenants or higher interest costs. our failure to raise capital if and when needed could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition.
borrowings under the credit agreement accrue interest at variable rates, which depend on the currency and the duration of the borrowing, plus an applicable margin rate which is subject to change quarterly based on our reported leverage ratio. we
49
hold interest rate swaps to hedge the variable rates on our credit agreement borrowings (as described in note 5, "derivative instruments and hedging activities" to the consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k), with the effect of fixing the interest rates on the respective notional amounts. after giving effect to these interest rate swap contracts, the weighted average interest rate on borrowings outstanding under our credit agreement at december 31, 2014 was 2.10%, although the rate will increase in march 2015 as a result of the quarterly reset of our applicable margin rate. including the borrowings on our senior notes and receivables securitization program, our overall weighted average interest rate on borrowings was 2.92% at december 31, 2014. cash interest payments were $59.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, including interest payments totaling $28.5 million related to the senior notes. the semi-annual interest payments on our senior notes are made in may and november each year, and began in november 2013. we had outstanding credit agreement borrowings of $1.1 billion and $672.6 million at december 31, 2014 and december 31, 2013, respectively. of these amounts, $22.5 million were classified as current maturities at december 31, 2014 and december 31, 2013. we have scheduled repayments of $5.6 million each quarter on the term loan through its maturity in may 2019, but no other significant principal payments on our credit facilities prior to the maturity of the receivables securitization program in october 2017. in addition to the repayments under our credit facilities, we will make payments on notes payable and other debt totaling $41 million in the next 12 months, the majority of which is for payments on notes payable issued in connection with acquisitions.
our credit agreement contains customary covenants that provide limitations and conditions on our ability to enter into certain transactions.  the credit agreement also contains financial and affirmative covenants, including limitations on our net leverage ratio and a minimum interest coverage ratio.  we were in compliance with all restrictive covenants under our credit agreement as of december 31, 2014.
as of december 31, 2014, cash held by our foreign subsidiaries totaled $77 million and undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries amounted to approximately $266 million. these earnings are considered to be indefinitely reinvested, and accordingly no provision for u.s. income taxes has been provided thereon. should these earnings be repatriated in the future, in the form of dividends or otherwise, we would be subject to both u.s. income taxes (subject to adjustment for foreign tax credits) and potential withholding taxes payable to the various foreign countries. we believe that we have sufficient cash flow and liquidity to meet our financial obligations in the u.s. without resort to repatriation of foreign earnings.
the procurement of inventory is the largest operating use of our funds. we normally pay for aftermarket product purchases at the time of shipment or on standard payment terms, depending on the manufacturer and the negotiated payment terms. we normally pay for salvage vehicles acquired at salvage auctions and under direct procurement arrangements at the time that we take possession of the vehicles.
the following table sets forth a summary of our inventory procurement for 2014, 2013, and 2012:
year ended december 31,
2014                                                          2013                  2012
aftermarket inventory purchases (billions)        $2.7                  $1.7                  $1.3
wholesale salvage cars and trucks              290,000               281,000               262,200
self service and "crush only" cars             514,000               513,000               416,000
aftermarket inventory purchases in 2014 included $613 million within our specialty segment that was formed in 2014, as well as $88.2 million of incremental purchases for our sator business (acquired in may 2013) from the beginning of 2014 through the anniversary date of the acquisition.
net cash provided by operating activities totaled $370.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to $428.1 million in 2013. compared to the prior year, our 2014 ebitda increased by $159.6 million, due to both acquisition related growth and organic growth. cash outflows for our primary working capital accounts (receivables, inventory and payables) increased to $189.8 million during 2014, from $64.3 million during 2013, as a result of greater inventory growth, particularly in our aftermarket products, as well as increased receivables balances, including the effect of increased sales levels in our u.k. operations. cash flows related to our primary working capital accounts can be volatile as the purchases, payments and collections can be timed differently from period to period and can be influenced by factors outside of our control. however, we expect that the net change in these working capital items will generally be a cash outflow as we grow our business each year. cash paid for income taxes increased to $177.0 million from $110.9 million due to the overpayment of taxes in 2012 that we offset against the estimated tax payments in 2013, as well as greater earnings that required higher estimated tax payments in 2014 compared to the prior year. during 2014, we made two semi-annual interest payments totaling $28.5 million on our senior notes, whereas in 2013 we made one semi-annual interest payment of $14.2 million. cash payments for bonuses were $7.8 million higher during 2014 than they were in 2013.
net cash used in investing activities totaled $921.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to $505.6 million for the same period of 2013. we invested $775.9 million of cash, net of cash acquired, in business acquisitions during
50
2014, including $427.1 million for our keystone specialty acquisition. we invested $408.4 million for business acquisitions in the comparable prior year, including our acquisition of sator for $272.8 million. property and equipment purchases were $141.0 million in the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $90.2 million in the prior year. the increase in capital expenditures relative to the prior year period reflects an increase of $17.4 million in our u.k. operations, including greater expenditures for leasehold improvements and vehicles for 44 new branch locations opened during the year ended december 31, 2014. capital expenditures in our north american segment increased by $19.9 million, primarily due to costs incurred to build a facility that we subsequently sold and leased back from the buyer. the proceeds of the sale-leaseback transaction are reflected as financing cash inflows in the year ended december 31, 2014. in 2013, we entered into an agreement with suncorp group to develop an alternative vehicle products business in australia and new zealand, for which our initial investment totaled $9.1 million; during 2014, we paid $2.2 million for investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries.
net cash provided by financing activities totaled $519.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to $165.9 million in 2013. during 2014, net borrowings under our credit facilities were $578.4 million compared to net borrowings of $227.1 million in 2013. in both periods, we used the proceeds from the net borrowings primarily to fund acquisitions, including $370 million of revolver borrowings and $80 million of borrowings under our receivables facility to finance the keystone specialty acquisition. our march 2014 amendment of our credit facilities generated $11.3 million in additional term loan borrowings, which were used to pay $3.7 million in debt issuance costs related to the amendment, as well as to repay outstanding revolver borrowings. during 2013 we completed a $600 million senior notes offering, as well as an amendment to our credit agreement that resulted in $35 million in term loan proceeds, which were used to pay $16.9 million in debt issuance costs as well as to repay outstanding amounts on our revolving credit facilities. in 2014, we made a payment of $44.8 million ($39.5 million included in financing cash flows and $5.3 million included in operating cash flows) for the final earnout period under the contingent payment agreement related to our 2011 ecp acquisition. in the comparable prior year period, we made a similar payment of $33.9 million ($31.5 million included in financing cash flows and $2.4 million included in operating cash flows) for the 2012 earnout period. cash generated from exercises of stock options provided $9.3 million and $15.4 million in the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the excess tax benefit from share-based payment arrangements reduced income taxes payable by $17.8 million and $18.3 million in the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we paid $12.6 million related to the settlement of foreign currency forward contracts.
net cash provided by operating activities totaled $428.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, compared to $206.2 million in 2012. compared to the prior year, our 2013 ebitda increased by $105.4 million, due to both acquisition related growth and organic growth. while we generated greater pretax income during 2013 compared to the prior year, we reduced our cash payments for income taxes to $110.9 million in 2013 from $146.5 million during the prior year because we overpaid taxes in 2012, which we offset against our 2013 estimated tax payments. cash payments for incentive compensation were lower during 2013, including an $8.0 million reduction in bonus payments and a $5.9 million payment in 2012 under our long-term incentive plan that did not reoccur in 2013. cash outflows for our primary working capital accounts (receivables, inventory and payables) totaled $64.3 million during 2013, compared to $123.0 million during 2012, primarily due to the timing of cash payments on accounts payable.
net cash used in investing activities totaled $505.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, compared to $352.5 million for the same period of 2012. we invested $408.4 million of cash, net of cash acquired, in business acquisitions during 2013, including our acquisition of sator for $272.8 million, compared to $265.3 million for business acquisitions in the comparable prior year. in the third quarter of 2013, we entered into an agreement with suncorp group to develop an alternative vehicle products business in australia and new zealand, for which our initial investment totaled $9.1 million. property and equipment purchases were $90.2 million in the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $88.3 million in the prior year.
net cash provided by financing activities totaled $165.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, compared to $157.1 million in 2012. during 2013, we amended our credit facilities and issued $600 million in senior notes. in 2013, net borrowings were $227.1 million compared to $147.0 million in 2012. in both periods, we used the proceeds from the net borrowings primarily to fund acquisitions. in connection with our 2013 financing transactions, we paid $16.9 million in debt issuance costs. in march 2013, we made a payment of $33.9 million ($31.5 million included in financing cash flows and $2.4 million included in operating cash flows) for the 2012 earnout period under the contingent payment agreement related to our 2011 acquisition of ecp. cash generated from exercises of stock options provided $15.4 million and $17.7 million in the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the excess tax benefit from share-based payment arrangements reduced income taxes payable by $18.3 million and $15.7 million in the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
we intend to continue to evaluate markets for potential growth through the internal development of distribution centers, processing and sales facilities, and warehouses, through further integration of our facilities, and through selected business acquisitions. our future liquidity and capital requirements will depend upon numerous factors, including the costs and timing of our internal development efforts and the success of those efforts, the costs and timing of expansion of our sales and marketing activities, and the costs and timing of future business acquisitions.
51
2015 outlook we estimate that our capital expenditures for 2015, excluding business acquisitions, will be between $150 million and $180 million. we expect to use these funds for several major facility expansions, improvement of current facilities, real estate acquisitions and systems development projects. we anticipate that net cash provided by operating activities for 2015 will be approximately $425 million.
off-balance sheet arrangements and future commitments we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements or undisclosed borrowings or debt that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to item 303 of regulation s-k under the securities exchange act of 1934. additionally, we do not have any synthetic leases.
the following table represents our future commitments under contractual obligations as of december 31, 2014 (in millions):
total            less than 1 year             1-3 years               3-5 years       more than 5 years contractual obligations long-term debt(1)                                                    $2,203.2                  $112.9                  $252.2                $1,130.0             $708.1
capital lease obligations(2)                                             21.4                     3.6                     4.0                     1.3                      12.5
operating leases(3)                                                     760.2                   138.7                   221.6                   146.6                     253.3
purchase obligations(4)                                                 180.2                   180.2                       -                       -             -
contingent consideration liabilities(5)                                   8.0                     4.4                     2.9                     0.7             -
outstanding letters of credit                                            60.4                    60.4                       -                       -             -
other asset purchase commitments                                         25.7                    13.7                    10.0                     2.0             -
other long-term obligations self-insurance reserves(6)                                               58.5                    28.8                    19.3                     6.7                       3.7
deferred compensation plans and other retirement obligations(7)          29.1                     1.5                       -                       -                      27.6
long term incentive plan                                                  9.3                     8.0                     1.3                       -             -
liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits                                 3.4                     0.2                     1.5                     0.7                       1.0
other                                                                     0.7                     0.7                       -                       -             -
total                                                                $3,360.1                  $553.1                  $512.8                $1,288.0             $1,006.2
(1)   our long-term debt under contractual obligations above includes interest on the balances outstanding as of december 31, 2014. interest on our senior notes, notes payable, and other long-term debt is calculated based on the respective stated rates. interest on our variable rate credit facilities is calculated based on the weighted average rates, including the impact of interest rate swaps through their respective expiration dates, in effect for each tranche of borrowings as of december 31, 2014. future estimated interest expense for the next year, one to three years, and three to five years is $52.6 million, $103.0 million and $94.4 million, respectively. estimated interest expense beyond five years is $99.9 million.
(2)   interest on capital lease obligations is included based on incremental borrowing or implied rates.
(3)   the operating lease payments above do not include certain tax, insurance and maintenance costs, which are also required contractual obligations under our operating leases but are generally not fixed and can fluctuate from year to year. historically, these expenses have averaged approximately 25% of the corresponding lease payments.
(4)   our purchase obligations include open purchase orders for aftermarket inventory.
(5)   our contingent consideration liabilities reflect the undiscounted estimated payments of additional consideration related to business combinations. the actual payments will be determined at the end of the applicable performance periods based on the acquired entities' achievement of the targets specified in the purchase agreements.
(6)   self-insurance reserves include undiscounted estimated payments, net of estimated insurance recoveries, for our employee medical benefits, automobile liability, general liability, directors and officers liability, workers' compensation and property insurance.
52
(7)   deferred compensation payments are dependent on elected payment dates. while we expect that these payments will be made more than five years from the latest balance sheet date, payments may be made earlier depending on such elections. our deferred compensation plans are funded through investments in life insurance policies. other retirement obligations consists of our expected required contributions to sator's pension plan. we have not included future funding requirements beyond 2015 in the table above, as these funding projections are not practicable to estimate.
53
