item 1a.   risk factors

you should be aware that the occurrence of any of the events described in this section and elsewhere in this report or in any other of our filings with the sec could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.  in evaluating us, you should consider carefully, among other things, the risks described below.
risks relating to our substantial indebtedness
·   our substantial indebtedness and significant financial commitments could adversely affect our operations and financial results and impact our ability to satisfy our obligations. as of december 31, 2014, we had approximately $14.2 billion principal amount of indebtedness outstanding, including $2.7 billion of borrowings outstanding under our senior secured credit facility. we had approximately $1.1 billion of available borrowing capacity under our senior secured credit facility as of december 31, 2014. any increase in the interest rates applicable to our existing or future borrowings would increase the cost of our indebtedness and reduce the cash flow available to fund our other liquidity needs. in addition, as of december 31, 2014, mgm grand paradise, s.a. ("mgm grand paradise"), the company that owns and operates mgm macau, had approximately $553 million of debt outstanding under its credit facility. we do not guarantee mgm grand paradise's obligations under its credit agreement and, to the extent mgm macau were to cease to produce cash flow sufficient to service its indebtedness, our ability to make additional investments into that entity is limited by the covenants in our existing senior secured credit facility. in addition, our substantial indebtedness and significant financial commitments could have important negative consequences, including:

·   increasing our exposure to general adverse economic and industry conditions;

·   limiting our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business and industry;

·   limiting our ability to borrow additional funds;

·   making it more difficult for us to make payments on our indebtedness; or

·   placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to less-leveraged competitors.

moreover, our businesses are capital intensive.  for our owned and managed resorts to remain attractive and competitive, we must periodically invest significant capital to keep the properties well-maintained, modernized and refurbished.  such investment requires an ongoing supply of cash and, to the extent that we cannot fund expenditures from cash generated by operations, funds must be borrowed or otherwise obtained.  similarly, future development projects, including the las vegas arena project and our development projects in massachusetts and maryland, and acquisitions could require significant capital commitments, the incurrence of additional debt, guarantees of third-party debt, or the incurrence of contingent liabilities, any or all of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
·   current and future economic and credit market conditions could adversely affect our ability to service or refinance our indebtedness and to make planned expenditures. our ability to make payments on, and to refinance, our indebtedness and to fund planned or committed capital expenditures and investments depends on our ability to generate cash flow in the future, our ability to receive distributions from our unconsolidated affiliates or subsidiaries, including mgm china, and our ability to borrow under our senior secured credit facility to the extent of available borrowings. if regional and national economic conditions deteriorate we could experience decreased revenues from our operations attributable to decreases in consumer spending levels and could fail to generate sufficient cash to fund our liquidity needs or fail to satisfy the financial and other restrictive covenants in our debt instruments. we cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations, continue to receive distributions from our unconsolidated affiliates or subsidiaries, including mgm china, or that future borrowings will be available to us under our senior secured credit facility in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs.

we have a significant amount of indebtedness maturing in 2015, including $1.45 billion of our 4.25% convertible senior notes due 2015, and thereafter.  fluctuations in our common stock impact the likelihood of the convertible senior notes being converted into equity. if our common stock price is below the conversion price of our convertible senior notes on the date of maturity, holders will not convert them into equity and we will be required to repay the principal amount of the convertible securities for cash.
our ability to timely refinance and replace our indebtedness in the future will depend upon the economic and credit market conditions discussed above.  if we are unable to refinance our indebtedness on a timely basis, we might be forced to seek alternate forms of financing, dispose of certain assets or minimize capital expenditures and other investments.  there is no assurance that any of these alternatives would be available to us, if at all, on satisfactory terms, on terms that would not be disadvantageous to us, or on terms that would not require us to breach the terms and conditions of our existing or future debt agreements.
12
·   the agreements governing our senior secured credit facility and other senior indebtedness contain restrictions and limitations that could significantly affect our ability to operate our business, as well as significantly affect our liquidity, and therefore could adversely affect our results of operations. covenants governing our senior secured credit facility and certain of our debt securities restrict, among other things, our ability to:

·   pay dividends or distributions, repurchase or issue equity, prepay certain debt or make certain investments;

·   incur additional debt;

·   incur liens on assets;

·   sell assets or consolidate with another company or sell all or substantially all assets;

·   enter into transactions with affiliates;

·   allow certain subsidiaries to transfer assets; and

·   enter into sale and lease-back transactions.

our ability to comply with these provisions may be affected by events beyond our control.  the breach of any such covenants or obligations not otherwise waived or cured could result in a default under the applicable debt obligations and could trigger acceleration of those obligations, which in turn could trigger cross defaults under other agreements governing our long-term indebtedness.  any default under our senior secured credit facility or the indentures governing our other debt could adversely affect our growth, our financial condition, our results of operations and our ability to make payments on our debt.
in addition, mgm grand paradise and mgm china are co-borrowers under an amended and restated credit facility which contains covenants that restrict their ability to engage in certain transactions.  in particular, the mgm china amended and restated credit facility requires mgm china to satisfy various financial covenants, including a maximum consolidated total leverage ratio and minimum interest coverage ratio, and imposes certain operating and financial restrictions on mgm china and its subsidiaries (including mgm grand paradise), which include, among other things, limitations on its ability to pay dividends or distributions to us, incur additional debt, make investments or engage in other businesses, merge or consolidate with other companies, or transfer or sell assets.
risks related to our business
·   we face significant competition with respect to destination travel locations generally and with respect to our peers in the industries in which we compete, and failure to compete effectively could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. the hotel, resort and casino industries are highly competitive. we do not believe that our competition is limited to a particular geographic area, and hotel, resort and gaming operations in other states or countries could attract our customers. to the extent that new casinos enter our markets or hotel room capacity is expanded by others in major destination locations, competition will increase. major competitors, including new entrants, have either recently expanded their hotel room capacity or are currently expanding their capacity or constructing new resorts in las vegas and macau. also, the growth of gaming in areas outside las vegas, including california, has increased the competition faced by our operations in las vegas and elsewhere.

in addition, competition could increase if changes in gaming restrictions in the united states and elsewhere result in the addition of new gaming establishments located closer to our customers than our casinos, such as has happened in california.  for example, while our macau operations compete to some extent with casinos located elsewhere in or near asia (including singapore, australia, new zealand, cruise ships in asia that offer gaming, and unlicensed gaming operations), certain countries in the region have legalized casino gaming (including malaysia, vietnam, cambodia, the philippines and russia) and others (such as japan, taiwan and thailand) may legalize casino gaming (or online gaming) in the future.  furthermore, currently mgm grand paradise holds one of only six gaming concessions authorized by the macau government to operate casinos in macau.  if the macau government were to allow additional competitors to operate in macau through the grant of additional concessions or if current concessionaires and subconcessionaires open additional facilities (for example, the facilities currently being developed in cotai, macau), we would face increased competition.  furthermore, most jurisdictions in which casino gaming is currently permitted place numerical and/or geographical limitations on the issuance of new gaming licenses.  although a number of jurisdictions in the united states and foreign countries are considering legalizing or expanding casino gaming, in some cases new gaming operations may be restricted to specific locations and we expect that there will be intense competition for any attractive new opportunities (which may include acquisitions of existing properties) that do arise.  furthermore, certain jurisdictions, including nevada and new jersey, have also legalized forms of online gaming and the expansion of online gaming in these and other jurisdictions may further compete with our operations by reducing customer visitation and spend in our casino resorts.
13
in addition to competition with other hotels, resorts and casinos, we compete with destination travel locations outside of the markets in which we operate.  our failure to compete successfully in our various markets and to continue to attract customers could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow.
·   our businesses are subject to extensive regulation and the cost of compliance or failure to comply with such regulations may adversely affect our business and results of operations. our ownership and operation of gaming facilities is subject to extensive regulation by the countries, states and provinces in which we operate. these laws, regulations and ordinances vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, but generally concern the responsibility, financial stability and character of the owners and managers of gaming operations as well as persons financially interested or involved in gaming operations. as such, our gaming regulators can require us to disassociate ourselves from suppliers or business partners found unsuitable by the regulators or, alternatively, cease operations in that jurisdiction. in addition, unsuitable activity on our part or on the part of our domestic or foreign unconsolidated affiliates or subsidiaries in any jurisdiction could have a negative effect on our ability to continue operating in other jurisdictions. the regulatory environment in any particular jurisdiction may change in the future and any such change could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. in addition, we are subject to various gaming taxes, which are subject to possible increase at any time by various state and federal legislatures and officials. increases in gaming taxation could also adversely affect our results. for a summary of gaming and other regulations that affect our business, see "regulation and licensing" and exhibit 99.2 to this annual report on form 10-k.

further, our directors, officers, key employees and investors in our properties must meet approval standards of certain state and foreign regulatory authorities.  if state regulatory authorities were to find such a person or investor unsuitable, we would be required to sever our relationship with that person or the investor may be required to dispose of his, her or its interest in the property.  state regulatory agencies may conduct investigations into the conduct or associations of our directors, officers, key employees or investors to ensure compliance with applicable standards.  certain public and private issuances of securities and other transactions also require the approval of certain regulatory authorities.
in macau, current laws and regulations concerning gaming and gaming concessions are, for the most part, fairly recent and there is little precedent on the interpretation of these laws and regulations.  these laws and regulations are complex, and a court or administrative or regulatory body may in the future render an interpretation of these laws and regulations, or issue new or modified regulations, that differ from mgm china's interpretation, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations.  in addition, mgm china's activities in macau are subject to administrative review and approval by various government agencies.  we cannot assure you that mgm china will be able to obtain all necessary approvals, and any such failure to do so may materially affect its long-term business strategy and operations.  macau laws permit redress to the courts with respect to administrative actions; however, to date such redress is largely untested in relation to gaming issues.
in addition to gaming regulations, we are also subject to various federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations affecting businesses in general.  these laws and regulations include, but are not limited to, restrictions and conditions concerning alcoholic beverages, environmental matters, smoking, employees, currency transactions, taxation, zoning and building codes, and marketing and advertising.  for instance, we are subject to certain federal, state and local environmental laws, regulations and ordinances, including the clean air act, the clean water act, the resource conservation recovery act, the comprehensive environmental response, compensation and liability act and the oil pollution act of 1990.  under various federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations, an owner or operator of real property may be held liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances or wastes located on its property, regardless of whether or not the present owner or operator knows of, or is responsible for, the presence of such substances or wastes.  such laws and regulations could change or could be interpreted differently in the future, or new laws and regulations could be enacted.  for example, illinois has enacted a ban on smoking in nearly all public places, including bars, restaurants, work places, schools and casinos. similarly, in october 2014, casinos in macau, including mgm china, implemented a smoking ban which prohibits smoking on all mass market gaming floors and, in 2015, the macau health bureau announced that they will promote the submission of a bill proposing a full smoking ban in casinos, including in vip rooms, in 2015. the likelihood or outcome of similar legislation in other jurisdictions and referendums in the future cannot be predicted, though any smoking ban would be expected to negatively impact our financial performance.
in addition, we also deal with significant amounts of cash in our operations and are subject to recordkeeping and reporting obligations as required by various anti-money laundering laws and regulations. for instance, we are subject to regulation under the currency and foreign transactions reporting act of 1970, commonly known as the "bank secrecy act", which, among other things, requires us to report to the internal revenue service ("irs") any currency transactions in excess of $10,000 that occur within a 24-hour gaming day, including identification of the individual(s) involved in the currency transaction. we are also required to report certain suspicious activity, including any transactions aggregating to $5,000 or more, where we know, suspect or have reason to suspect such transactions, among other things, involve funds from illegal
14
activity or are intended to evade federal regulations or avoid reporting requirements or have no business or lawful purpose. in addition, under the bank secrecy act we are subject to various other rules and regulations involving reporting, recordkeeping and retention. our compliance with the bank secrecy act is subject to periodic audits by the irs, and we may be required to pay substantial penalties if we fail to comply with applicable regulations.  any such laws and regulations could change or could be interpreted differently in the futu re, or new laws and regulations could be enacted.  any violations of the anti-money laundering laws, including the bank secrecy act, or regulations by any of our properties could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
·   our business is affected by economic and market conditions in the markets in which we operate and in the locations in which our customers reside. our business is particularly sensitive to reductions in discretionary consumer spending and corporate spending on conventions and business development. economic contraction, economic uncertainty or the perception by our customers of weak or weakening economic conditions may cause a decline in demand for hotels, casino resorts, trade shows and conventions, and for the type of luxury amenities we offer. in addition, changes in discretionary consumer spending or consumer preferences could be driven by factors such as the increased cost of travel, an unstable job market, perceived or actual disposable consumer income and wealth, outbreaks of contagious diseases (such as the recent ebola epidemic) or fears of war and future acts of terrorism. consumer preferences also evolve over time due to a variety of factors, including as a result of demographic changes, which, for instance, has resulted in recent growth in consumer demand for non-gaming offerings. our success depends in part on our ability to anticipate the preferences of consumers and react to these trends and any failure to do so may negatively impact our results of operations. aria, bellagio and mgm grand las vegas in particular may be affected by economic conditions in the far east, and all of our nevada resorts are affected by economic conditions in the united states, and california in particular. a recession, economic slowdown or any other significant economic condition affecting consumers or corporations generally is likely to cause a reduction in visitation to our resorts, which would adversely affect our operating results. for example, the prior recession and downturn in consumer and corporate spending had a negative impact on our results of operations.

in addition, since we expect a significant number of customers to come to mgm macau from mainland china, general economic and market conditions in china could impact our financial prospects.  any slowdown in economic growth or changes to china's current restrictions on travel and currency movements, including market impacts resulting from china's recent anti-corruption campaign and related tightening of liquidity provided by non-bank lending entities and cross-border currency monitoring, could disrupt the number of visitors from mainland china to mgm macau and/or the amounts they are willing to spend in the casino.  for example, from 2008 through 2010, china readjusted its visa policy toward macau and limited the number of visits that some mainland chinese citizens may make to macau in a given time period.  in addition, effective october 2013, china banned "zero‐fare" tour groups involving no or low up-front payments and compulsory shopping, which were popular among visitors to macau from mainland china and in december 2014 the chinese government tightened the enforcement of visa transit rules for those seeking to enter macau at the gongbei border (including requirements to present an airplane ticket to a destination country, a visa issued by such destination country and a valid chinese passport).  it is unclear whether these and other measures will continue to be in effect, become more restrictive, or be readopted in the future.  these developments have had, and any future policy developments that may be implemented may have, the effect of reducing the number of visitors to macau from mainland china, which could adversely impact tourism and the gaming industry in macau.
furthermore, our operations in macau may be impacted by competition for limited labor resources.  our success in macau will be impacted by our ability to retain and hire employees.  we compete with a large number of casino resorts for a limited number of employees and we anticipate that such competition will grow in light of new developments in macau.  while we seek employees from other countries to adequately staff our resort, certain macau government policies limit our ability to import labor in certain job classifications.  in addition, limitations on the number of gaming tables permitted by the macau government could impact our current expectation on the number of table games we will be able to utilize at our cotai project.  such limitations or reduction in table game availability may impact mgm china's results of operations. finally, because additional casino projects are under construction and are to be developed in the future, existing transportation infrastructure may need to be expanded to accommodate increased visitation to macau.  if transportation facilities to and from macau are inadequate to meet the demands of an increased volume of gaming customers visiting macau, the desirability of macau as a gaming destination, as well as the results of operations at our development in cotai, macau, could be negatively impacted.
·   we have agreed not to have any interest or involvement in gaming businesses in china, macau, hong kong and taiwan, other than through mgm china. in connection with the initial public offering of mgm china, the holding company that indirectly owns and operates mgm macau, we entered into a deed of non-compete undertakings with mgm china and ms. pansy ho pursuant to which we are restricted from having any interest or involvement in gaming businesses in the people's republic of china, macau, hong kong and taiwan, other than through mgm china. while gaming is currently

15
prohibited in china, hong kong and taiwan, if it is legalized in the future our ability to compete in these locations could be limited until the earliest of (i) march 31, 2020, (ii) the date mgm china's ordinary shares cease to be listed on the stock exchange of hong kong limited or (iii) the date when our ownership of mgm china shares is less than 20% of the then issued share capital of mgm china.

·   the macau government can terminate mgm grand paradise's subconcession under certain circumstances without compensating mgm grand paradise, the macau government can exercise its redemption right with respect to the subconcession in 2017 or the macau government can refuse to grant mgm grand paradise an extension of the subconcession in 2020, any of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. the macau government has the right to unilaterally terminate the subconcession in the event of fundamental non-compliance by mgm grand paradise with applicable macau laws or mgm grand paradise's basic obligations under the subconcession contract. mgm grand paradise has the opportunity to remedy any such non-compliance with its fundamental obligations under the subconcession contract within a period to be stipulated by the macau government. upon such termination, all of mgm grand paradise's casino area premises and gaming-related equipment would be transferred automatically to the macau government without compensation to mgm grand paradise, and we would cease to generate any revenues from these operations. we cannot assure you that mgm grand paradise will perform all of its obligations under the subconcession contract in a way that satisfies the requirements of the macau government.

furthermore, under the subconcession contract, mgm grand paradise is obligated to comply with any laws and regulations that the macau government might promulgate in the future.  we cannot assure you that mgm grand paradise will be able to comply with these laws and regulations or that these laws and regulations would not adversely affect our ability to construct or operate our macau businesses.  if any disagreement arises between mgm grand paradise and the macau government regarding the interpretation of, or mgm grand paradise's compliance with, a provision of the subconcession contract, mgm grand paradise will be relying on a consultation and negotiation process with the macau government.  during any consultation or negotiation, mgm grand paradise will be obligated to comply with the terms of the subconcession contract as interpreted by the macau government.  currently, there is no precedent concerning how the macau government will treat the termination of a concession or subconcession upon the occurrence of any of the circumstances mentioned above.  the loss of the subconcession would require us to cease conducting gaming operations in macau, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in addition, the subconcession contract expires on march 31, 2020.  unless the subconcession is extended, or legislation with regard to reversion of casino premises is amended, all of mgm grand paradise's casino premises and gaming-related equipment will automatically be transferred to the macau government on that date without compensation to us, and we will cease to generate any revenues from such gaming operations.  beginning on april 20, 2017, the macau government may redeem the subconcession contract by providing us at least one year's prior notice.  in the event the macau government exercises this redemption right, mgm grand paradise is entitled to fair compensation or indemnity.  the amount of such compensation or indemnity will be determined based on the amount of gaming and non-gaming revenue generated by mgm grand paradise, excluding the convention and exhibition facilities, during the taxable year prior to the redemption, before deducting interest, depreciation and amortization, multiplied by the number of remaining years before expiration of the subconcession.  we cannot assure you that mgm grand paradise will be able to renew or extend the subconcession contract on terms favorable to mgm grand paradise or at all.  we also cannot assure you that if the subconcession is redeemed, the compensation paid to mgm grand paradise will be adequate to compensate for the loss of future revenues.
·   we are required to build and open our development in cotai, macau by january 2018. if we are unable to meet this deadline, and the deadline for the development is not extended, we may lose the land concession, which would prohibit us from operating any facilities developed under such land concession. the land concession for the approximately 18 acre site on cotai, macau was officially gazetted on january 9, 2013. if we are unable to build and open our proposed resort and casino by january 2018, and the deadline is not extended, the macau government has the right to unilaterally terminate the land concession contract. a loss of the land concession could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

·   mgm grand paradise is dependent upon gaming promoters for a significant portion of gaming revenues in macau. gaming promoters, who promote gaming and draw high-end customers to casinos, are responsible for a significant portion of mgm grand paradise's gaming revenues in macau. with the rise in gaming in macau and the recent reduction in the number of licensed gaming promoters in macau and in the number of vip rooms operated by licensed gaming promoters, the competition for relationships with gaming promoters has increased. while mgm grand paradise is undertaking initiatives to strengthen relationships with gaming promoters, there can be no assurance that it will be able to maintain, or grow, relationships with gaming promoters. in addition, continued reductions in the gaming promoter segment may result

16
in the closure of additional vip rooms in macau, including vip rooms at mgm macau. if mgm grand paradise is unable to maintain or grow relationships with gaming promoters, or if gaming promoters are unable to develop or maintain relationships with our high-end customers, mgm grand paradise's ability to grow gaming revenues will be hampered. furthermore, if existing vip rooms at mgm macau are closed there can be no assurance that mgm grand paradise will be able to locate acceptable gaming promoters to run such vip rooms in the future in a timely manner, or at all.

in addition, the quality of gaming promoters is important to mgm grand paradise's and our reputation and ability to continue to operate in compliance with gaming licenses.  while mgm grand paradise strives for excellence in associations with gaming promoters, we cannot assure you that the gaming promoters with whom mgm grand paradise is or becomes associated with will meet the high standards insisted upon.  if a gaming promoter falls below mgm grand paradise's standards, mgm grand paradise or we may suffer reputational harm or possibly sanctions from gaming regulators with authority over our operations.
we also grant credit lines to certain gaming promoters and any adverse change in the financial performance of those gaming promoters may impact the recoverability of these loans.
·   the future recognition of our foreign tax credit deferred tax asset is uncertain, and the amount of valuation allowance we may apply against such deferred tax asset may change materially in future periods based on changes to the underlying forecasts of future profitability of and distributions from mgm china and changes in our assumption concerning renewals of the five-year exemption from macau's 12% complementary tax on gaming profits. we currently have significant foreign tax credit deferred tax assets resulting from tax credit carryforwards that are available to reduce potential taxable foreign-sourced income in future periods. we evaluate our foreign tax credit deferred tax asset for recoverability and record a valuation allowance to the extent that we determine it is not more likely than not such asset will be recovered. this evaluation is based on available evidence, including assumptions about future profitability of and distributions from mgm china, as well as our assumption concerning renewals of the five-year exemption from macau's 12% complementary tax on gaming profits. as a result, significant judgment is required in assessing the possible need for a deferred tax asset valuation allowance and changes to our assumptions may have a material impact on the amount of the valuation allowance. for example, should we in a future period actually receive or be able to assume an additional five-year exemption, an additional valuation allowance would likely need to be provided on some portion or all of the foreign tax credit deferred tax asset, resulting in an increase in the provision for income taxes in such period and such increase may be material. in addition, a change to our forecasts of future profitability of and distributions from mgm china could also result in a material change in the valuation allowance with a corresponding impact on the provision for income taxes in such period.

·   extreme weather conditions or climate change may cause property damage or interrupt business, which could harm our business and results of operations. certain of our casino properties are located in areas that may be subject to extreme weather conditions, including, but not limited to, hurricanes in the united states and severe typhoons in macau. such extreme weather conditions may interrupt our operations, damage our properties, and reduce the number of customers who visit our facilities in such areas. in addition, our operations could be adversely impacted by a drought or other cause of water shortage. a severe drought of extensive duration experienced in las vegas or in the other regions in which we operate could adversely affect our business and results of operations. although we maintain both property and business interruption insurance coverage for certain extreme weather conditions, such coverage is subject to deductibles and limits on maximum benefits, including limitation on the coverage period for business interruption, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to fully insure such losses or fully collect, if at all, on claims resulting from such extreme weather conditions. furthermore, such extreme weather conditions may interrupt or impede access to our affected properties and may cause visits to our affected properties to decrease for an indefinite period, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

·   because a majority of our major gaming resorts are concentrated on the las vegas strip, we are subject to greater risks than a gaming company that is more geographically diversified. given that a majority of our major resorts are concentrated on the las vegas strip, our business may be significantly affected by risks common to the las vegas tourism industry. for example, the cost and availability of air services and the impact of any events that disrupt air travel to and from las vegas can adversely affect our business. we cannot control the number or frequency of flights to or from las vegas, but we rely on air traffic for a significant portion of our visitors. reductions in flights by major airlines as a result of higher fuel prices or lower demand can impact the number of visitors to our resorts. additionally, there is one principal interstate highway between las vegas and southern california, where a large number of our customers reside. capacity constraints of that highway or any other traffic disruptions may also affect the number of customers who visit our facilities.

·   we extend credit to a large portion of our customers and we may not be able to collect gaming receivables. we conduct a portion of our gaming activities on a credit basis through the issuance of markers which are unsecured instruments. table

17
games players typically are issued more markers than slot players, and high-end players typically are issued more markers than patrons who tend to wager lower amounts. high-end gaming is more volatile than other forms of gaming, and variances in win-loss results attributable to high-end gaming may have a significant positive or negative impact on cash flow and earnings in a particular quarter. furthermore, the loss or a reduction in the play of the most significant of these high-end customers could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cashflows. we issue markers to those customers whose level of play and financial resources warrant, in the opinion of management, an extension of credit. in addition, mgm grand paradise extends credit to certain gaming promoters and those promoters can extend credit to their customers. uncollectible receivables from high-end customers and gaming promoters could have a significant impact on our results of operations.

while gaming debts evidenced by markers and judgments on gaming debts are enforceable under the current laws of nevada, and nevada judgments on gaming debts are enforceable in all states under the full faith and credit clause of the u.s. constitution, other jurisdictions may determine that enforcement of gaming debts is against public policy.  although courts of some foreign nations will enforce gaming debts directly and the assets in the u.s. of foreign debtors may be reached to satisfy a judgment, judgments on gaming debts from united states courts are not binding on the courts of many foreign nations.
furthermore, we expect that mgm macau will be able to enforce its gaming debts only in a limited number of jurisdictions, including macau.  to the extent mgm macau gaming customers and gaming promoters are from other jurisdictions, mgm macau may not have access to a forum in which it will be able to collect all of its gaming receivables because, among other reasons, courts of many jurisdictions do not enforce gaming debts and mgm macau may encounter forums that will refuse to enforce such debts.  moreover, under applicable law, mgm macau remains obligated to pay taxes on uncollectible winnings from customers.
even where gaming debts are enforceable, they may not be collectible.  our inability to collect gaming debts could have a significant negative impact on our operating results.
·   we may incur impairments to goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets, or long-lived assets which could negatively affect our future profits. we review our goodwill, intangible assets and long-lived assets on an annual basis and during interim reporting periods in accordance with the authoritative guidance. significant negative trends, reduced estimates of future cash flows, disruptions to our business, slower growth rates or lack of growth have resulted in write-downs and impairment charges in the past and, if one or more of such events occurs in the future, additional impairment charges may be required in future periods. if we are required to record additional impairment charges, this could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations.

·   leisure and business travel, especially travel by air, are particularly susceptible to global geopolitical events, such as terrorist attacks or acts of war or hostility. we are dependent on the willingness of our customers to travel by air. since most of our customers travel by air to our las vegas and macau properties, any terrorist act, outbreak of hostilities, escalation of war, or any actual or perceived threat to the security of travel by air could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. furthermore, although we have been able to purchase some insurance coverage for certain types of terrorist acts, insurance coverage against loss or business interruption resulting from war and some forms of terrorism continues to be unavailable.

·   co-investing in our properties, including our investment in citycenter, decreases our ability to manage risk. in addition to acquiring or developing hotels and resorts or acquiring companies that complement our business directly, we have from time to time invested, and expect to continue to invest, as a co-investor. co-investors often have shared control over the operation of the property. therefore, the operation of such properties is subject to inherent risk due to the shared nature of the enterprise and the need to reach agreements on material matters. in addition, investments with other investors may involve risks such as the possibility that the co-investor might become bankrupt or not have the financial resources to meet its obligations, or have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our business interests or goals, or be in a position to take action contrary to our instructions or requests or contrary to our policies or objectives. consequently, actions by a co-investor might subject hotels and resorts owned by such entities to additional risk. further, we may be unable to take action without the approval of our co-investors. alternatively, our co-investors could take actions binding on the property without our consent. additionally, should a co-investor become bankrupt, we could become liable for their share of liabilities.

for instance, citycenter, which is 50% owned and managed by us, has a significant amount of indebtedness, which could adversely affect its business and its ability to meet its obligations.  if citycenter is unable to meet its financial commitments and we and our co-investor are unable to support future funding requirements, as necessary, such event could have adverse
18
financial consequences to us.  in addition, the agreements governing citycenter's indebtedness subject citycenter and its subsidiaries to significant financial and other restrictive covenants, including restrictions on its ability to incur additional indebtedness, place liens upon assets, make distributions to us, make certain investments, consummate certain asset sales, enter into transactions with affiliates (including us) and merge or consolidate with any other person or sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets.  the citycenter third amended and restated credit facility also includes certain financial covenants that require citycenter to maintain a maximum total leverage ratio (as defined in citycenter's third amended and restated credit facility) for each quarter.  we cannot be sure that citycenter will be able to meet this test in the future or that the lenders will waive any failure to meet the test.
in addition, in accordance with the citycenter third amended and restated credit facility, we provided a cost overrun guarantee which is secured by our interests in the assets of circus circus las vegas and certain adjacent land.
·   any of our future construction or development projects will be subject to significant development and construction risks, which could have a material adverse impact on related project timetables, costs and our ability to complete the projects.

any of our future construction or development projects will be subject to a number of risks, including:
·   lack of sufficient, or delays in the availability of, financing;

·   changes to plans and specifications;

·   engineering problems, including defective plans and specifications;

·   shortages of, and price increases in, energy, materials and skilled and unskilled labor, and inflation in key supply markets;

·   delays in obtaining or inability to obtain necessary permits, licenses and approvals;

·   changes in laws and regulations, or in the interpretation and enforcement of laws and regulations, applicable to gaming, leisure, residential, real estate development or construction projects;

·   labor disputes or work stoppages;

·   disputes with and defaults by contractors and subcontractors;

·   personal injuries to workers and other persons;

·   environmental, health and safety issues, including site accidents and the spread of viruses;

·   weather interferences or delays;

·   fires, typhoons and other natural disasters;

·   geological, construction, excavation, regulatory and equipment problems; and

·   other unanticipated circumstances or cost increases.

the occurrence of any of these development and construction risks could increase the total costs, delay or prevent the construction, development or opening or otherwise affect the design and features of any future construction projects which we might undertake.  for instance, we currently expect the total development costs of our cotai project to be approximately $2.9 billion, excluding development fees eliminated in consolidation, capitalized interest and land related costs.  we currently expect total development costs of our maryland project to be approximately $1.2 billion, total development costs of our massachusetts project to be approximately $760 million and total development costs of our las vegas arena project to be approximately $350 million, each excluding capitalized interest and land related costs.  while we believe that the overall budgets for these developments are reasonable, these development costs are estimates and the actual development costs may be higher than expected.  we cannot guarantee that our construction costs or total project costs for future projects, including our developments in cotai, maryland and massachusetts will not increase beyond amounts initially budgeted. in addition, the regulatory approvals associated with our development projects may require us to open future casino resorts by a certain specified time and to the extent we are unable to meet those deadlines, and any such deadlines are not extended, we may lose our regulatory approval to open a casino resort in a proposed jurisdiction which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
·   our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all possible losses that our properties could suffer. in addition, our insurance costs may increase and we may not be able to obtain similar insurance coverage in the future. although we have "all risk" property insurance coverage for our operating properties, which covers damage caused by a casualty loss (such as fire, natural disasters, acts of war, or terrorism), each policy has certain exclusions. in addition, our property insurance coverage is in an amount that may be significantly less than the expected replacement cost of rebuilding the facilities if there was a total loss. our level of insurance coverage also may not be adequate to cover all losses in the event of a major casualty. in addition, certain casualty events, such as labor strikes; nuclear events; acts of war; loss of income due to cancellation of room reservations or conventions due to fear of terrorism; loss of electrical power due to catastrophic events, rolling blackouts or otherwise; deterioration or corrosion; insect or animal damage; and pollution, may not be covered at all under our policies. therefore, certain acts could expose us to substantial uninsured losses.

19
in addition to the damage caused to our properties by a casualty loss, we may suffer business disruption as a result of these events or be subject to claims by third parties that may be injured or harmed.  while we carry business interruption insurance and general liability insurance, this insurance may not be adequate to cover all losses in any such event.
we renew our insurance policies (other than our builder's risk insurance) on an annual basis.  the cost of coverage may become so high that we may need to further reduce our policy limits, further increase our deductibles, or agree to certain exclusions from our coverage.
·   citycenter has decided to abate the potential for structural collapse of the harmon in the event of a code-level earthquake by demolishing the building, and we are exposed to risks in connection with the demolition process. after partial construction of the harmon, citycenter discovered that in certain elements of the building (known as link beams) the reinforcing steel had been installed incorrectly by citycenter's general contractor perini building company ("perini") and its subcontractors. after additional structural defects in other areas of the harmon were discovered, further construction at the harmon was indefinitely stopped. during the third quarter of 2010, citycenter determined that the harmon was unlikely to be completed using the existing partially completed structure as it now stands. in response to a request by the clark county building division (the "building division"), citycenter engaged an engineer to conduct an analysis, based on all available information, as to the structural stability of the harmon under building-code-specified load combinations. on july 11, 2011, that engineer submitted the results of his analysis of the harmon tower and podium in its current as‐built condition. the engineer opined, among other things, that "[i]n a code-level earthquake, using either the permitted or current code specified loads, it is likely that critical structural members in the tower will fail and become incapable of supporting gravity loads, leading to a partial or complete collapse of the tower. there is missing or misplaced reinforcing steel in columns, beams, shear walls, and transfer walls throughout the structure of the tower below the twenty-first floor." based on this engineering opinion, the building division requested a plan of action from citycenter. citycenter informed the building division that it decided to abate the potential for structural collapse of the harmon in the event of a code-level earthquake by demolishing the building, subject to the receipt of court approval. on august 23, 2013, the court granted citycenter's motion, and citycenter commenced planning for demolition of the building. on january 31, 2014, the court revoked its prior authorization of demolition of the harmon, without prejudice to renewal of the application, on the grounds that citycenter's non-party builder's risk insurer requested further testing in the building. that request for further testing was withdrawn pursuant to the insurer's settlement of citycenter's harmon 2008 policy claim. on april 22, 2014 the court granted citycenter's renewed application for permission to demolish the harmon. the clark county building department issued the necessary permits required for demolition of this building. citycenter is in the process of a controlled deconstruction of the harmon structure in accordance with the standards set by its expert consultants and the clark county building department. a partial or complete collapse of the harmon prior to demolition, or the demolition process itself, could result in property damage or injury, which could have a material adverse effect on citycenter's and our business and/or cause reputational harm to citycenter and us.

·   any failure to protect our trademarks could have a negative impact on the value of our brand names and adversely affect our business. the development of intellectual property is part of our overall business strategy, and we regard our intellectual property to be an important element of our success. while our business as a whole is not substantially dependent on any one trademark or combination of several of our trademarks or other intellectual property, we seek to establish and maintain our proprietary rights in our business operations through the use of trademarks. we file applications for, and obtain trademarks in, the united states and in foreign countries where we believe filing for such protection is appropriate. despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, parties may infringe our trademarks and our rights may be invalidated or unenforceable. the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to as great an extent as the laws of the united states. monitoring the unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult. litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. litigation of this type could result in substantial costs and diversion of resource. we cannot assure you that all of the steps we have taken to protect our trademarks in the united states and foreign countries will be adequate to prevent imitation of our trademarks by others. the unauthorized use or reproduction of our trademarks could diminish the value of our brand and its market acceptance, competitive advantages or goodwill, which could adversely affect our business.

·   tracinda owns a significant amount of our common stock and may be able to exert significant influence over matters requiring stockholder approval. as of december 31, 2014, tracinda corporation beneficially owned approximately 19% of our outstanding common stock. as a result, tracinda may be able to exercise significant influence over any matter requiring stockholder approval, including the approval of significant corporate transactions.

·   we are subject to risks associated with doing business outside of the united states. our operations outside of the united states are subject to risks that are inherent in conducting business under non-united states laws, regulations and customs.

20
in particular, the risks associated with the operation of mgm macau or any future operations in which we may engage in any other foreign territories, include:

·   changes in laws and policies that govern operations of companies in macau or other foreign jurisdictions;

·   changes in non-united states government programs;

·   possible failure to comply with anti-bribery laws such as the united states foreign corrupt practices act and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions;

·   general economic conditions and policies in china, including restrictions on travel and currency movements;

·   difficulty in establishing, staffing and managing non-united states operations;

·   different labor regulations;

·   changes in environmental, health and safety laws;

·   potentially negative consequences from changes in or interpretations of tax laws;

·   political instability and actual or anticipated military and political conflicts;

·   economic instability and inflation, recession or interest rate fluctuations; and

·   uncertainties regarding judicial systems and procedures.

these risks, individually or in the aggregate, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
we are also exposed to a variety of market risks, including the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates.  if the united states dollar strengthens in relation to the currencies of other countries, our united states dollar reported income from sources where revenue is dominated in the currencies of other such countries will decrease.
·   any violation of the foreign corrupt practices act or any other similar anti-corruption laws could have a negative impact on us. a significant portion of our revenue is derived from operations outside the united states, which exposes us to complex foreign and u.s. regulations inherent in doing cross-border business and in each of the countries in which we transact business. we are subject to compliance with the united states foreign corrupt practices act ("fcpa") and other similar anti-corruption laws, which generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. while our employees and agents are required to comply with these laws, we cannot be sure that our internal policies and procedures will always protect us from violations of these laws, despite our commitment to legal compliance and corporate ethics. violations of these laws by us or our non-controlled ventures may result in severe criminal and civil sanctions as well as other penalties against us, and the sec and u.s. department of justice have increased their enforcement activities with respect to the fcpa. the occurrence or allegation of these types of risks may adversely affect our business, performance, prospects, value, financial condition, and results of operations.

·   we face risks related to pending claims that have been, or future claims that may be, brought against us. claims have been brought against us and our subsidiaries in various legal proceedings, and additional legal and tax claims arise from time to time. we may not be successful in the defense or prosecution of our current or future legal proceedings, which could result in settlements or damages that could significantly impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. please see the further discussion in "legal proceedings" and note 11 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

·   a significant portion of our labor force is covered by collective bargaining agreements. work stoppages and other labor problems could negatively affect our business and results of operations. as of december 31, 2014, approximately 30,800 of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. a prolonged dispute with the covered employees or any labor unrest, strikes or other business interruptions in connection with labor negotiations or others could have an adverse impact on our operations. also, wage and/or benefit increases resulting from new labor agreements may be significant and could also have an adverse impact on our results of operations. in addition, to the extent that our non-union employees join unions, we would have greater exposure to risks associated with labor problems.

·   our business is particularly sensitive to energy prices and a rise in energy prices could harm our operating results. we are a large consumer of electricity and other energy and, therefore, higher energy prices may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. accordingly, increases in energy costs may have a negative impact on our operating results. additionally, higher electricity and gasoline prices that affect our customers may result in reduced visitation to our resorts and a reduction in our revenues.

·   the failure to maintain the integrity of our computer systems and internal customer information could result in damage of reputation and/or subject us to fines, payment of damages, lawsuits or restrictions on our use or transfer of data. we collect information relating to our guests for various business purposes, including marketing and promotional purposes. the collection and use of personal data are governed by privacy laws and regulations enacted in the united states and other

21
jurisdictions around the world. privacy regulations continue to evolve and on occasion may be inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another.

compliance with applicable privacy regulations may increase our operating costs and/or adversely impact our ability to market our products, properties and services to our guests.  in addition, non-compliance with applicable privacy regulations by us (or in some circumstances non-compliance by third parties engaged by us) or a breach of security on systems storing our data may result in damage of reputation and/or subject us to fines, payment of damages, lawsuits or restrictions on our use or transfer of data.
we also rely extensively on computer systems to process transactions, maintain information and manage our businesses.  disruptions in the availability of our computer systems, through cyber-attacks or otherwise, could impact our ability to service our customers and adversely affect our sales and the results of operations.  for instance, there has been an increase in criminal cyber security attacks against companies where customer and company information has been compromised and company data has been destroyed.  our information systems and records, including those we maintain with our third-party service providers, may be subject to cyber security breaches in the future. in addition, our third-party information system service providers face risks relating to cyber security similar to ours, and we do not directly control any of such parties' information security operations. a significant theft, loss or fraudulent use of customer or company data maintained by us or by a third-party service provider could have an adverse effect on our reputation, cause a material disruption to our operations and management team, and result in remediation expenses, regulatory penalties and litigation by customers and other parties whose information was subject to such attacks, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows.
·   we may seek to expand through investments in other businesses and properties or through alliances, and we may also seek to divest some of our properties and other assets, any of which may be unsuccessful. we intend to consider strategic and complementary investments in other businesses, properties or other assets. furthermore, we may pursue these opportunities in alliance with third parties. investments in businesses, properties or assets, as well as these alliances, are subject to risks that could affect our business, including risks related to:

·   spending cash and incurring debt;

·   assuming contingent liabilities;

·   contributing properties or related assets to hospitality ventures that could result in recognition of losses; or

·   creating additional expenses.

we cannot assure you that we will be able to identify opportunities or complete transactions on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or that we will actually realize any anticipated benefits from such investments or alliances.
·   if the jurisdictions in which we operate increase gaming taxes and fees, our results could be adversely affected. state and local authorities raise a significant amount of revenue through taxes and fees on gaming activities. from time to time, legislators and government officials have proposed changes in tax laws, or in the administration of such laws, affecting the gaming industry. periods of economic downturn or uncertainty and budget deficits may intensify such efforts to raise revenues through increases in gaming taxes. if the jurisdictions in which we operate were to increase gaming taxes or fees, depending on the magnitude of the increase and any offsetting factors, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. for instance, income generated from gaming operations of mgm grand paradise currently has the benefit of a corporate tax exemption in macau, which exempts us from paying the 12% complimentary tax on profits generated by the operation of casino games. this exemption is effective through the end of 2016 and we believe that we will be granted additional five-year exemptions in the future, however, we cannot assure you that any extensions of the tax exemption will be granted.

·   conflicts of interest may arise because certain of our directors and officers are also directors of mgm china, the holding company for mgm grand paradise which owns and operates mgm macau. as a result of the initial public offering of shares of mgm china common stock, mgm china now has stockholders who are not affiliated with us, and we and certain of our officers and directors who also serve as officers and/or directors of mgm china may have conflicting fiduciary obligations to our stockholders and to the minority stockholders of mgm china. decisions that could have different implications for us and mgm china, including contractual arrangements that we have entered into or may in the future enter into with mgm china, may give rise to the appearance of a potential conflict of interest or an actual conflict of interest.

item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations

executive overview our primary business is the ownership and operation of casino resorts, which includes offering gaming, hotel, convention, dining, entertainment, retail and other resort amenities. we believe that we own and invest in several of the premier casino resorts in the world and have continually reinvested in our resorts to maintain our competitive advantage. most of our revenue is cash-based, through customers wagering with cash or paying for non-gaming services with cash or credit cards. we rely heavily on the ability of our resorts to generate operating cash flow to repay debt financings, fund capital expenditures and provide excess cash flow for future development.  we make significant investments in our resorts through newly remodeled hotel rooms, restaurants, entertainment and nightlife offerings, as well as other new features and amenities.
results of operations from our wholly owned domestic resorts for the year ended december 31, 2014 improved compared to the prior year as a result of increased casino and non-casino revenues as general economic conditions continued to improve.  in the las vegas strip market, as reported by the las vegas convention and visitors authority, the average room rate for the las vegas strip increased 5% in 2014 compared to 2013 while visitation to las vegas increased 4%.
in macau, gross gaming revenues decreased 3% in 2014 compared to 2013, negatively affected by economic conditions and certain political initiatives in china, stricter enforcement of entrance into macau via the use of transit visas as well as a decrease in duration of stay permitted for transit visa holders and the implementation of a full main floor casino smoking ban in october 2014.  the decrease in gross gaming revenues accelerated during the second half of 2014 as macau has become an increasingly challenging and competitive market, and has impacted primarily vip casino gaming operations.  however, despite concerns over the recent events and the sustainability of economic growth in china, we expect the macau market to continue to grow on a long-term basis as the result of a large and growing asian middle class and infrastructure improvements expected to facilitate more convenient travel to and within macau.  according to statistics published by the statistics and census service of the macau government, visitor arrivals were 32 million in 2014, an 8% increase compared to 2013.
our results of operations are affected by decisions we make related to our capital allocation, our access to capital and our cost of capital.  while we continue to be focused on improving our financial position, we are also dedicated to capitalizing on development opportunities. in macau, we plan to spend approximately $2.9 billion, excluding development fees eliminated in consolidation, capitalized interest and land related costs, to develop a resort and casino featuring approximately 1,500 hotel rooms, 500 gaming tables, and 1,500 slots built on an approximately 18 acre site in cotai, macau ("mgm cotai").  mgm cotai is anticipated to open in the fall of 2016.
we were awarded the sixth and final casino license under current statutes in the state of maryland by the maryland video lottery facility location commission to build and operate mgm national harbor, a destination resort casino in prince george's county at national harbor. we currently expect the cost to develop and construct mgm national harbor to be approximately $1.2 billion, excluding capitalized interest and land related costs. we expect that the resort will include a casino with approximately 3,600 slots and 160 table games including poker; a 300 suite hotel with luxury spa and rooftop pool; 79,000 square feet of high end branded retail and fine and casual dining; a dedicated 3,000 seat theater venue; 50,000 square feet of meeting and event space; and a 4,700 space parking garage. construction of mgm national harbor has commenced with estimated completion in the second half of 2016.
we were awarded the category one casino license in region b, western massachusetts, one of three licensing regions designated by legislation, to build and operate mgm springfield.  mgm springfield will be developed on approximately 14.5 acres of land between union and state streets, and columbus avenue and main street in springfield, massachusetts. we currently expect the cost to develop and construct mgm springfield to be approximately $760 million, excluding capitalized interest and land related costs. we expect the resort will include a casino with approximately 3,000 slots and 100 table games including poker; 250 hotel rooms; 64,000 square feet of retail and restaurant space; 33,000 square feet of meeting and event space; and a 3,500 space parking garage.  construction of mgm springfield is expected to be completed in the second half of 2017.
we entered into an agreement with a subsidiary of anschutz entertainment group, inc. ("aeg") (a leader in sports, entertainment, and promotions) to design, construct, and operate the las vegas arena, which will be located on a parcel of our land between frank sinatra drive and new york-new york, adjacent to the las vegas strip. we and aeg each own 50% of las vegas arena company, the developer of the arena. the las vegas arena is anticipated to seat between 18,000 - 20,000 people and is currently scheduled to be completed in the first half of 2016. such development is estimated to cost approximately $350 million, excluding capitalized interest and land related costs. in september 2014, a wholly owned subsidiary of las vegas arena company entered into a $200 million senior secured credit facility to finance construction of the las vegas arena.
31
reportable segments we have two reportable segments that are based on the regions in which we operate: wholly owned domestic resorts and mgm china. we currently operate 15 wholly owned resorts in the united states. mgm china's operations consist of the mgm macau resort and casino ("mgm macau") and the development of a casino resort in cotai. we have additional business activities including investments in unconsolidated affiliates, our mgm hakkasan hospitality operations and certain other corporate and management operations. citycenter is our most significant unconsolidated affiliate, which we also manage for a fee.  our operations that are not segregated into separate reportable segments are reported as "corporate and other" operations in our reconciliations of segment results to consolidated results.
wholly owned domestic resorts. at december 31, 2014, our wholly owned domestic resorts consisted of the following casino resorts:
las vegas, nevada:                 bellagio, mgm grand las vegas (including the signature), mandalay bay (including delano and four seasons), the mirage, luxor, new york-new york, excalibur, monte carlo and circus circus las vegas.

other:               mgm grand detroit in detroit, michigan; beau rivage in biloxi, mississippi; gold strike tunica in tunica, mississippi; circus circus reno in reno, nevada; gold strike in jean, nevada; and railroad pass in henderson, nevada.
over half of the net revenue from our wholly owned domestic resorts is derived from non-gaming operations including hotel, food and beverage, entertainment and other non-gaming amenities. we market to different customer groups and utilize our significant convention and meeting facilities to maximize hotel occupancy and customer volumes during off-peak times such as mid-week or during traditionally slower leisure travel periods, which also leads to better labor utilization.  our operating results are highly dependent on the volume of customers at our resorts, which in turn affects the price we can charge for our hotel rooms and other amenities.  also, we generate a significant portion of our revenue from our wholly owned domestic resorts in las vegas, nevada, which exposes us to certain risks, such as increased competition from new or expanded las vegas resorts, and from the expansion of gaming in the united states generally.
key performance indicators related to gaming and hotel revenue at our wholly owned domestic resorts are:
·   gaming revenue indicators: table games drop and slots handle (volume indicators); "win" or "hold" percentage, which is not fully controllable by us. our normal table games hold percentage is in the range of 18% to 22% of table games drop and our normal slots hold percentage is in the range of 8.0% to 8.5% of slots handle; and

·   hotel revenue indicators: hotel occupancy (a volume indicator); average daily rate ("adr," a price indicator); and revenue per available room ("revpar," a summary measure of hotel results, combining adr and occupancy rate). our calculation of adr, which is the average price of occupied rooms per day, includes the impact of complimentary rooms. complimentary room rates are determined based on an analysis of retail or "cash" rates for each customer segment and each type of room product to estimate complimentary rates which are consistent with retail rates. complimentary rates are reviewed at least annually and on an interim basis if there are significant changes in market conditions. because the mix of rooms provided on a complimentary basis, particularly to casino customers, includes a disproportionate suite component, the composite adr including complimentary rooms is slightly higher than the adr for cash rooms, reflecting the higher retail value of suites.

mgm china. we own 51% and have a controlling interest in mgm china, which owns mgm grand paradise, the macau company that owns the mgm macau and the related gaming subconcession and land concessions, and is in the process of developing mgm cotai.  we believe our investment in mgm china plays an important role in extending our reach internationally and will foster future growth and profitability.
revenues at mgm macau are generated from three primary customer segments in the macau gaming market: vip casino gaming operations, main floor gaming operations, and slot machine operations. vip players play mostly in dedicated vip rooms or designated gaming areas. vip customers can be further divided into customers sourced by in-house vip programs and those sourced through gaming promoters. a significant portion of our vip volume is generated through the use of gaming promoters. gaming promoters introduce vip gaming players to mgm macau, assist these customers with travel arrangements, and extend gaming credit to these players. in exchange for their services, gaming promoters are compensated through payment of revenue-sharing arrangements or rolling chip turnover based commissions.  in-house vip players also typically receive a commission based on the program in which they participate.  mgm macau main floor operations primarily consist of walk-in and day trip visitors. unlike gaming promoters and in-house vip players, main floor players do not receive commissions.  the profit contribution from the main floor segment exceeds
32
the vip segment due to commission costs paid to gaming promoters. gaming revenues from the main gaming floors have grown significantly in recent years and we believe this segment represents the most potential for sustainable growth in the future.
vip gaming at mgm macau is conducted by the use of special purpose nonnegotiable gaming chips. gaming promoters purchase these nonnegotiable chips from mgm macau and in turn they sell these chips to their players. the nonnegotiable chips allow mgm macau to track the amount of wagering conducted by each gaming promoters' clients in order to determine vip gaming play.  gaming promoter commissions are based on either a percentage of actual win plus a monthly complimentary allowance based on a percentage of the rolling chip turnover their customers generate, or a percentage of the rolling chip turnover plus discounted offerings on nongaming amenities. the estimated portion of the gaming promoter payments that represent amounts passed through to vip customers is recorded as a reduction of casino revenue, and the estimated portion retained by the gaming promoter for its compensation is recorded as casino expense.  in-house vip commissions are based on a percentage of rolling chip turnover and are recorded as a reduction of casino revenue.
main floor table games wagers at mgm macau are conducted by the use of cash chips. in addition to purchasing cash chips at gaming tables, main floor customers may also purchase cash chips at the casino cage. as a result of recent significant increases in cash chips purchased at the casino cage, we now adjust main floor table games drop to include such purchases in order to more meaningfully reflect main floor table games volume and hold percentage. mgm macau's main floor normal table games hold percentage, as calculated on this basis, is in the range of 20% to 28% of table games drop. slots hold percentage at mgm macau is in the range of 4.3% to 5.3% of slots handle.
in addition to the key performance indicators used by our wholly owned domestic resorts, mgm macau utilizes "turnover," which is the sum of nonnegotiable chip wagers won by mgm macau calculated as nonnegotiable chips purchased plus nonnegotiable chips exchanged less nonnegotiable chips returned. turnover provides a basis for measuring vip casino win percentage.  win for vip gaming operations at mgm macau is in the range of 2.7% to 3.0% of turnover.
corporate and other. corporate and other includes our investments in unconsolidated affiliates and certain management and other operations.  see note 1 and note 6 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for discussion of the company's unconsolidated affiliates, including citycenter and borgata.
results of operations the following discussion is based on our consolidated financial statements for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012.
summary operating results the following table summarizes our operating results:
year ended december 31,

2014                         2013                          2012
(in thousands)
net revenues           $10,081,984                   $9,809,663                    $9,160,844
operating income               1,323,538                     1,137,281                     121,351
consolidated net revenues for 2014 increased 3% compared to 2013 due primarily to increased casino and non-casino revenue at our wholly owned domestic resorts. consolidated net revenues increased 7% in 2013 compared to 2012 due primarily to increases in casino revenue at mgm china, as well as increased casino and non-casino revenue at our wholly owned domestic resorts.
consolidated operating income of $1.3 billion in 2014 benefited from an increase in revenue at our wholly owned domestic resorts and an increase in main floor table games revenue at mgm china, as well as a decrease in property transactions, net to $41 million in 2014 compared to $125 million in 2013.  in addition, depreciation and amortization expense decreased $33 million in 2014 compared to 2013, due primarily to certain assets at our wholly owned resorts and mgm china becoming fully depreciated and a decrease in amortization expense for intangible assets.  operating income was negatively affected by increases in general and administrative expense, corporate expense and preopening expense. general and administrative expense increased primarily related to an increase in payroll and related expense. corporate expense increased 10% in 2014, due primarily to an increase in payroll costs and professional fees partially offset by a decrease in development related costs. preopening expense increased to $39 million in 2014, compared to $13 million in 2013, primarily as a result of the commencement of development on mgm springfield and mgm national harbor. see "operating results - details of certain charges" below for further discussion of our preopening expense and property transactions.
33
consolidated operating income of $1.1 billion in 2013 benefited from an increase in revenues at mgm china and our wholly owned domestic resorts, as well as decreases in corporate expense and depreciation and amortization expense.  comparability between periods was affected by $125 million of property transactions, net in 2013 compared to $697 million in 2012. corporate expense was $217 million in 2013, a decrease of 8% compared to 2012 due to a decrease in costs related to development efforts in maryland. depreciation and amortization expense decreased $78 million in 2013 compared to 2012 due primarily to lower amortization expense at mgm china as a result of extending the useful life of the gaming subconcession upon effectiveness of our cotai land concession agreement.
operating results - detailed segment information the following table presents a detail by segment of consolidated net revenue and adjusted ebitda.  management uses adjusted property ebitda as the primary profit measure for its reportable segments.  see "non-gaap measures" for additional information:
year ended december 31,

2014                         2013                          2012
(in thousands)
net revenues wholly owned domestic resorts                            $6,342,084                    $6,052,644                    $5,932,791
mgm china                                                 3,282,329                     3,316,928                     2,807,676
reportable segment net revenues                           9,624,413                     9,369,572                     8,740,467
corporate and other                                         457,571                       440,091                       420,377
$10,081,984                    $9,809,663                    $9,160,844
adjusted ebitda wholly owned domestic resorts                             1,518,307                     1,442,686                     1,325,220
mgm china                                                   850,471                       814,109                       679,345
reportable segment adjusted property ebitda               2,368,778                     2,256,795                     2,004,565
corporate and other                                        (149,216    )                 (132,214    )                 (256,584   )
$2,219,562                    $2,124,581                    $1,747,981
wholly owned domestic resorts.  the following table presents detailed net revenue at our wholly owned domestic resorts:
year ended december 31,

2014                         2013                          2012
casino revenue, net                                                                                  (in thousands)
table games                                    $892,842                      $861,495                      $821,737
slots                                         1,679,981                     1,671,819                     1,666,482
other                                            64,419                        66,257                        65,450
casino revenue, net                           2,637,242                     2,599,571                     2,553,669
non-casino revenue rooms                                         1,705,395                     1,589,887                     1,531,829
food and beverage                             1,470,315                     1,382,480                     1,393,141
entertainment, retail and other               1,184,343                     1,130,298                     1,097,220
non-casino revenue                            4,360,053                     4,102,665                     4,022,190
6,997,295                     6,702,236                     6,575,859
less: promotional allowances                   (655,211    )                 (649,592    )                 (643,068   )
$6,342,084                    $6,052,644                    $5,932,791
net revenue in 2014 related to wholly owned domestic resorts increased 5% compared to 2013 as a result of an increase in both casino and non-casino revenue. table games revenue in 2014 increased 4% compared to 2013 due to an increase in table games volume of 2% compared to 2013 and an increase in tables games hold percentage to 20.9% in 2014 from 20.5% in 2013.  slots revenue increased slightly compared to 2013.
net revenue related to wholly owned domestic resorts increased 2% in 2013 compared to 2012, as a result of an increase in both casino and non-casino revenue.  table games revenue in 2013 increased 5% compared to 2012, with an increase in table games hold
34
percentage to 20.5% in 2013 from 19.7% in 2012.  slots revenue at our las vegas strip resorts increased 4% in 2013 but was offset by a decrease in slots revenue at our regional properties, primarily as a result of a decrease in volume at mgm grand detroit.
rooms revenue increased 7% in 2014 compared to 2013 as a result of an 8% increase in revpar at our las vegas strip resorts. rooms revenue increased 4% in 2013 compared to 2012 as a result of a 2% increase in adr at our las vegas strip resorts.  occupancy was flat in 2013 while available rooms increased 2% compared to the prior year as a result of rooms coming back online subsequent to the completion of the mgm grand las vegas remodel at the end of 2012.  the following table shows key hotel statistics for our las vegas strip resorts:
year ended december 31,

2014               2013                2012
occupancy                                      93    %             91    %             91   %
average daily rate (adr)                     $139                $131                $129
revenue per available room (revpar)           129                 119                 117
food and beverage revenues increased 6% in 2014 as a result of increased convention and banquet business and the opening of several new outlets.  entertainment, retail and other revenues increased 5%, due primarily to the michael jackson one cirque du soleil production show being open for the full year in 2014.  entertainment, retail and other revenues increased 3% in 2013 compared to 2012, due primarily to the opening of the michael jackson one cirque du soleil production show in june 2013, which replaced the lion king production that closed in december 2011, partially offset by lower retail revenues at several of our resorts.
adjusted property ebitda at our wholly owned domestic resorts was $1.5 billion in 2014, an increase of 5% compared to 2013 due primarily to improved casino and non-casino revenue results at our wholly owned domestic resorts as discussed above, offset partially by a 4% increase in payroll and related expenses, including health care costs and paid time off. adjusted property ebitda margin increased by approximately 10 basis points from 2013, to 23.9% in 2014.
adjusted property ebitda at our wholly owned domestic resorts was $1.4 billion in 2013, an increase of 9% due primarily to improved operating results at our luxury las vegas strip resorts.  in 2013, adjusted property ebitda also benefited from an $8 million reduction in accrued payroll liabilities due to a change in our employee paid time off policy. adjusted property ebitda margin increased by approximately 150 basis points from 2012, to 23.8% in 2013.
mgm china.  the following table presents detailed net revenue for mgm china:
year ended december 31,

2014                         2013                          2012
casino revenue, net                                                                               (in thousands)
vip table games                           $1,742,034                    $2,062,200                    $1,762,627
main floor table games                     1,237,528                       923,415                       733,397
slots                                        261,971                       290,596                       269,795
casino revenue, net                        3,241,533                     3,276,211                     2,765,819
non-casino revenue                           147,754                       141,503                       135,549
3,389,287                     3,417,714                     2,901,368
less: promotional allowances                (106,958    )                 (100,786    )                  (93,692   )
$3,282,329                    $3,316,928                    $2,807,676
net revenue for mgm china decreased 1% in 2014 compared to 2013.  vip table games revenue decreased 16% due primarily to a 14% decrease in rolling chip turnover, primarily as a result of the recent economic and political factors in china, which is a major source of our vip customers at mgm china.  additionally, gaming tables were reallocated to main floor table games from vip table games during 2014 to meet increased demand. vip table games hold percentage remained flat at 2.8% in 2014 and 2013. main floor table games revenue increased 34% in 2014 compared to 2013 as a result of an 18% increase in volume, as well as an increase in hold percentage to 26.3% in 2014 from 23.2% in 2013. main floor gaming revenue continued to benefit from overall macau market growth as well as management's strategic focus on premium main floor table games business. slots revenue decreased 10% in 2014 compared to 2013 due to a decrease in hold percentage to 4.4% in 2014 from 5.1% in 2013.
net revenue for mgm china increased 18% in 2013 compared to 2012.  in 2013, vip table games revenue increased due to a 27% increase in rolling chip turnover, due to incremental vip business as a result of the expansion of vip gaming areas in october 2012, and the addition of new gaming promoters in 2013.  this was offset by a decrease in vip table games hold percentage to 2.8% in 2013 from 3.1% in 2012.  main floor table games volume increased 17% and hold percentage increased to 23.2% in 2013 from
35
21.6% in 2012.  slots volume increased 16% in 2013 while hold percentage decreased to 5.1% in 2013 from 5.5% in 2012.  in 2013, main floor gaming revenue and slots revenue benefited from overall macau market growth as well as the introduction of stadium-style electronic table games revenues.
mgm china's adjusted ebitda was $850 million in 2014 and $814 million in 2013. excluding branding fees of $43 million and $36 million for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, adjusted ebitda increased 5% compared to 2013. adjusted ebitda margin increased approximately 140 basis points to 25.9% in 2014 as a result of an increase in main floor table games revenue, partially offset by a 15% increase in payroll and related costs.
mgm china's adjusted ebitda was $814 million in 2013 and $679 million in 2012. excluding branding fees of $36 million and $30 million for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively, adjusted ebitda increased 20% in 2013 compared to 2012. adjusted ebitda margin increased approximately 35 basis points to 24.5% in 2013.
corporate and other.  corporate and other revenue includes revenues from other corporate operations, management services and reimbursed costs revenue primarily related to our citycenter management agreement. reimbursed costs revenue represents reimbursement of costs, primarily payroll-related, incurred by us in connection with the provision of management services and was $383 million, $365 million and $358 million for 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
adjusted ebitda losses related to corporate and other increased in 2014 compared to 2013 due primarily to our share of operating loss from citycenter, including certain basis difference adjustments, compared to operating income from citycenter in the prior year, partially offset by an increase in our share of operating income from borgata.  see "operating results - income (loss) from unconsolidated affiliates" for further discussion. in addition, corporate expense increased in 2014 compared to 2013 as discussed previously under "summary operating results".
adjusted ebitda losses related to corporate and other decreased in 2013 compared to 2012 due primarily to an increase in our share of operating income from citycenter, including certain basis difference adjustments, compared to a loss from citycenter in the prior year.  corporate expense decreased compared to 2012 due to higher development costs incurred in the prior year related to our development initiatives in maryland.
operating results - details of certain charges stock compensation expense is recorded within the department of the recipient of the stock compensation award.  the following table shows the amount of compensation expense recognized related to employee stock-based awards:
year ended december 31,

2014                    2013                     2012
(in thousands)
casino                                  $7,351                   $5,879                   $6,437
other operating departments              2,257                    2,241                    3,035
general and administrative               9,323                    8,176                   10,837
corporate expense and other             18,333                   16,036                   19,251
$37,264                  $32,332                  $39,560
preopening and start-up expenses consisted of the following:
year ended december 31,

2014                    2013                    2012
(in thousands)
mgm china                       $9,091                  $9,109             $-
mgm springfield                  5,261                       -                   -
mgm national harbor             19,521                       -                   -
other                            5,384                   4,205                   2,127
$39,257                 $13,314             $2,127
preopening and start-up expenses at mgm china relate primarily to the mgm cotai project which includes $7 million of amortization of the cotai land concession premium in each of the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013.  preopening and startup expenses at mgm national harbor include $13 million of rent expense for the year ended december 31, 2014, which relates to the ground lease for the land on which mgm national harbor is being developed.
36
property transactions, net consisted of the following:
year ended december 31,

2014                    2013                      2012
(in thousands)
grand victoria investment impairment            $28,789                   $36,607                    $85,009
corporate buildings impairment                        -                    44,510                          -
other nevada land impairment                          -                    20,354                          -
borgata investment impairment                         -                         -                     53,757
las vegas strip land impairment                       -                         -                    366,406
atlantic city land impairment                         -                         -                    166,569
other property transactions, net                 12,213                    23,290                     25,065
$41,002                  $124,761                   $696,806
see note 15 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a discussion of property transactions, net for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012.
operating results - income (loss) from unconsolidated affiliates the following table summarizes information related to our income (loss) from unconsolidated affiliates:
year ended december 31,

2014                     2013                     2012
(in thousands)
citycenter       $(11,842         )             $21,712             $(68,206        )
borgata                 52,017                   25,769                    29,582
other                   23,661                   21,348                    21,824
$63,836                        $68,829             $(16,800        )
in september 2014, we resumed accounting for our borgata investment under the equity method and have adjusted our prior period financial statements retroactively as discussed in note 6 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
in 2014, we recognized a $12 million loss related to our 50% share of citycenter's operating results, including certain basis difference adjustments, compared to income of $22 million in 2013. citycenter's operating loss in 2014 was negatively affected by $62 million of property transactions, net and a decrease in residential sales compared to 2013, as well as an increase in payroll and related costs and casino bad debt expense. casino revenues at aria decreased 5% in 2014 compared to 2013 due primarily to a decrease in table games hold percentage to 23.5% in 2014 from 24.7% in 2013. citycenter's rooms revenues increased 11% in 2014 compared to 2013, due to increases in revpar of 10% and 14% at aria and vdara, respectively.  our share of borgata's operating income increased in 2014 compared to 2013 and benefited from a reduction in real estate taxes recognized by borgata.
in 2013, we recognized $22 million of income related to our share of citycenter's operating results, including certain basis difference adjustments, compared to a loss of $68 million in 2012.  citycenter's 2013 operating results benefited from a 6% increase in net revenues compared to 2012.  casino revenues at aria increased as a result of a 9% increase in table games volume and an increase in hold percentage to 24.7% in 2013 from 23.2% in 2012.  rooms revenues increased 5% due to an increase in revpar at aria and vdara of 4% and 5%, respectively.  the increase in revenues from resort operations was partially offset by a decrease in residential revenues.
37
non-operating results interest expense. the following table summarizes information related to interest on our long-term debt:
year ended december 31,

2014                      2013                      2012
(in thousands)
total interest incurred - mgm resorts                          $816,345                  $830,074                 $1,092,188
total interest incurred - mgm china                              29,976                    32,343                     25,139
interest capitalized                                            (29,260    )               (5,070    )                  (969   )
$817,061                  $857,347                 $1,116,358
cash paid for interest, net of amounts capitalized             $776,778                  $840,280                 $1,039,655
end-of-year ratio of fixed-to-floating debt                       77/23                     75/25                      75/25
end-of-year weighted average interest rate                          6.0    %                  6.0    %                   6.3   %
in 2014, gross interest costs decreased compared to 2013 as a result of a decrease in weighted average long-term debt outstanding during the year, primarily relating to borrowings under our revolving credit facility. in 2013, gross interest costs decreased compared to 2012 as a result of the december 2012 refinancing transactions. amortization of debt discounts, premiums and issuance costs included in interest expense in 2014, 2013 and 2012 was $38 million, $35 million and $73 million, respectively.
non-operating items from unconsolidated affiliates. non-operating items from unconsolidated affiliates decreased $121 million in 2014 compared to 2013, due to a decrease in interest expense at citycenter as a result of the october 2013 debt restructuring transactions discussed below, lower statutory interest recorded by citycenter related to estimated amounts owed in connection with the citycenter construction litigation and the net impact of other non-operating items from unconsolidated affiliates recognized in 2013, as discussed below.
non-operating items from unconsolidated affiliates increased $67 million in 2013 compared to 2012, related primarily to a $70 million loss for our share of citycenter's loss on retirement of long-term debt in october 2013, primarily consisting of premiums associated with the redemption of citycenter's first and second lien notes as well as the write-off of previously unamortized debt issuance costs, as well as our share of statutory interest recorded by citycenter for estimated amounts owed in connection with the citycenter construction litigation.  in december 2013, silver legacy entered into a new senior credit facility and redeemed its outstanding second lien notes.  silver legacy recognized a gain of $24 million in connection with these transactions; we recognized $12 million, our share of the gain.
other, net. in 2013, we recorded a loss on early retirement of debt of $4 million related to the re-pricing of the term loan b credit facility. in 2012, we recorded a loss on retirement of debt of $107 million related to the amendment and restatement of our credit facility in february and december, and a loss on retirement of debt related to the tender offers, redemption and discharge of our senior secured notes of $457 million. also in 2012 we recorded an other-than-temporary impairment of $47 million related to our south jersey transportation authority special revenue bonds as discussed in note 2 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
income taxes. the following table summarizes information related to our income taxes:
year ended december 31,

2014                       2013                      2012
(in thousands)
income (loss) before income taxes                                         $410,886                   $62,190             $(1,734,213       )
benefit (provision) for income taxes                                      (283,708    )              (20,816    )                117,301
effective income tax rate                                                     69.0    %                 33.5    %        6.8               %
federal, state and foreign income taxes paid, net of refunds               $42,272                      $835             $6,982
our effective tax rate increased in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily as a result of an increase in the valuation allowance recorded against our foreign tax credit deferred tax asset in 2014 and the realization of deferred tax assets in 2013 that were previously offset by a valuation allowance and a tax expense recognized in 2013 as a result of re-measuring net deferred tax liabilities in macau. the effective tax rate increased in 2013 compared to 2012 due primarily to tax expense resulting from re-measuring the macau net deferred tax liability due to the extension of the amortization period of the mgm china gaming subconcession upon effectiveness of the cotai land concession, offset in part by tax benefit resulting from audit settlements and expiration of statutes of limitation. the
38
income tax benefit on pre-tax loss in 2012 was substantially below the 35% statutory rate due primarily to the fact that we began recording a valuation allowance against our u.s. federal deferred tax assets during the year.
cash taxes paid increased in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily as a result of $30 million paid to irs for the closure of examinations covering the 2005 through 2009 tax years and $8 million estimated taxes paid to the irs during 2014.  the remaining $4 million of cash taxes paid in 2014 consist of state and foreign income taxes. cash taxes paid in 2013 and 2012 consisted primarily of foreign and state taxes.
non-gaap measures
"adjusted ebitda" is earnings before interest and other non-operating income (expense), taxes, depreciation and amortization, preopening and start-up expenses, and property transactions, net. "adjusted property ebitda" is adjusted ebitda before corporate expense and stock compensation expense related to the mgm resorts stock option plan, which is not allocated to each property. mgm china recognizes stock compensation expense related to its stock compensation plan which is included in the calculation of adjusted ebitda for mgm china. adjusted ebitda information is presented solely as a supplemental disclosure to reported gaap measures because management believes these measures are 1) widely used measures of operating performance in the gaming and hospitality industry, and 2) a principal basis for valuation of gaming and hospitality companies.
we believe that while items excluded from adjusted ebitda and adjusted property ebitda may be recurring in nature and should not be disregarded in evaluation of our earnings performance, it is useful to exclude such items when analyzing current results and trends compared to other periods because these items can vary significantly depending on specific underlying transactions or events that may not be comparable between the periods being presented. also, we believe excluded items may not relate specifically to current operating trends or be indicative of future results. for example, preopening and start-up expenses will be significantly different in periods when we are developing and constructing a major expansion project and will depend on where the current period lies within the development cycle, as well as the size and scope of the project(s). property transactions, net includes normal recurring disposals, gains and losses on sales of assets related to specific assets within our resorts, but also includes gains or losses on sales of an entire operating resort or a group of resorts and impairment charges on entire asset groups or investments in unconsolidated affiliates, which may not be comparable period over period. in addition, capital allocation, tax planning, financing and stock compensation awards are all managed at the corporate level. therefore, we use adjusted property ebitda as the primary measure of wholly owned domestic resorts operating performance.
adjusted ebitda or adjusted property ebitda should not be construed as an alternative to operating income or net income, as an indicator of our performance; or as an alternative to cash flows from operating activities, as a measure of liquidity; or as any other measure determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.  we have significant uses of cash flows, including capital expenditures, interest payments, taxes and debt principal repayments, which are not reflected in adjusted ebitda.  also, other companies in the gaming and hospitality industries that report adjusted ebitda information may calculate adjusted ebitda in a different manner.
the following table presents a reconciliation of adjusted ebitda to net income (loss):
year ended december 31,

2014                         2013                           2012
(in thousands)
adjusted ebitda                                                 $2,219,562                    $2,124,581                     $1,747,981
preopening and start-up expenses                                          (39,257    )                   (13,314    )                    (2,127   )
property transactions, net                                                (41,002    )                  (124,761    )                  (696,806   )
depreciation and amortization                                            (815,765    )                  (849,225    )                  (927,697   )
operating income                                                        1,323,538                      1,137,281                        121,351
non-operating income (expense)
interest expense, net of amounts capitalized                             (817,061    )                  (857,347    )                (1,116,358   )
other, net                                                                (95,591    )                  (217,744    )                  (739,206   )
(912,652    )                (1,075,091    )                (1,855,564   )
income (loss) before income taxes                                         410,886                         62,190                     (1,734,213   )
benefit (provision) for income taxes                                     (283,708    )                   (20,816    )                   117,301
net income (loss)                                                         127,178                         41,374                     (1,616,912   )
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                (277,051    )                  (213,108    )                  (150,779   )
net loss attributable to mgm resorts international              $(149,873            )        $(171,734             )        $(1,767,691          )
39
the following tables present reconciliations of operating income (loss) to adjusted property ebitda and adjusted ebitda:
year ended december 31, 2014

preopening                  property           depreciation operating                       and start-up             transactions,           and                        adjusted income (loss)                       expenses                       net           amortization               ebitda
(in thousands)
bellagio                          $304,144                                  $-                      $900           $88,658                    $393,702
mgm grand las vegas                          174,297                       197                      (667   )                 81,027                     254,854
mandalay bay                                  95,449                     1,133                     2,307                     76,737                     175,626
the mirage                                    57,338                       452                     2,464                     49,900                     110,154
luxor                                         31,801                         2                       432                     37,849                      70,084
new york-new york                             75,360                       732                       427                     18,586                      95,105
excalibur                                     52,915                         -                       500                     14,804                      68,219
monte carlo                                   48,937                     1,507                       290                     21,046                      71,780
circus circus las vegas                        8,135                        85                        61                     15,334                      23,615
mgm grand detroit                            118,755                         -                     2,728                     23,315                     144,798
beau rivage                                   43,152                         -                     1,000                     26,109                      70,261
gold strike tunica                            27,460                         -                       392                     12,480                      40,332
other resort operations                       (2,318   )                     -                       336                      1,759                        (223   )
wholly owned domestic resorts              1,035,425                     4,108                    11,170                    467,604                   1,518,307
mgm china                                    547,977                     9,091                     1,493                    291,910                     850,471
other unconsolidated resorts                  62,919                       917                         -                          -                      63,836
management and other operations               26,152                       359                       415                      9,058                      35,984
1,672,473                    14,475                    13,078                    768,572                   2,468,598
stock compensation                           (28,372   )                     -                         -                          -                     (28,372   )
corporate                                   (320,563   )                24,782                    27,924                     47,193                    (220,664   )
$1,323,538                           $39,257                   $41,002           $815,765                   $2,219,562
year ended december 31, 2013

preopening                property                  depreciation operating                    and start-up              transactions,             and                        adjusted income (loss)                expenses                  net                       amortization               ebitda
(in thousands)
bellagio                          $261,321                     $-                        $470                      $96,968                    $358,759
mgm grand las vegas                          149,602                    -                          2,220                     84,310                     236,132
mandalay bay                                  78,096                    1,903                      2,823                     84,332                     167,154
the mirage                                    63,090                    -                          4,722                     49,612                     117,424
luxor                                         21,730           802                                 2,177                     36,852                      61,561
new york-new york                             65,006                    -                          3,533                     20,642                      89,181
excalibur                                     49,184                    -                69                                  14,249                      63,502
monte carlo                                   45,597           791                                 3,773                     18,780                      68,941
circus circus las vegas                       (1,596   )                -                          1,078                     17,127                      16,609
mgm grand detroit                            135,516                    -                         (2,402   )                 22,575                     155,689
beau rivage                                   38,015                    -                           (260   )                 29,182                      66,937
gold strike tunica                            22,767                    -                          1,330                     13,390                      37,487
other resort operations                      (21,951   )                -                         23,018                      2,243                       3,310
wholly owned domestic resorts                906,377                    3,496                     42,551                    490,262                   1,442,686
mgm china                                    501,021                    9,109            390                                303,589                     814,109
other unconsolidated resorts                  68,322           507                                     -                          -                      68,829
management and other operations               13,749           189                       4                                   11,835                      25,777
1,489,469                    13,301                    42,945                    805,686                   2,351,401
stock compensation                           (26,112   )                -                              -                          -                     (26,112   )
corporate                                   (326,076   )       13                                 81,816                     43,539                    (200,708   )
$1,137,281                   $13,314                   $124,761                  $849,225                   $2,124,581
40
year ended december 31, 2012

preopening                        property           depreciation operating                    and start-up                 transactions,           and                        adjusted income (loss)                expenses                               net           amortization               ebitda
(in thousands)
bellagio                          $206,679                     $-                                  $2,101           $94,074                    $302,854
mgm grand las vegas                           94,529                    -                           6,271                     79,926                     180,726
mandalay bay                                  64,818           830                                  3,786                     77,327                     146,761
the mirage                                    65,266                    -                             929                     51,423                     117,618
luxor                                         20,777                    -                           4,794                     37,689                      63,260
new york-new york                             68,591                    -                             581                     21,333                      90,505
excalibur                                     43,978                    -                               5                     17,805                      61,788
monte carlo                                   38,418                    -                           1,328                     18,935                      58,681
circus circus las vegas                        4,514                    -                             106                     19,452                      24,072
mgm grand detroit                            130,564           641                                    922                     33,543                     165,670
beau rivage                                   40,713                    -                             (50   )                 30,698                      71,361
gold strike tunica                            27,420                    -                             (53   )                 13,102                      40,469
other resort operations                         (904   )                -                             (14   )                  2,373                       1,455
wholly owned domestic resorts                805,363                    1,471                      20,706                    497,680                   1,325,220
mgm china                                    302,092                    -                           2,307                    374,946                     679,345
other unconsolidated resorts                 (17,456   )       656                                      -                          -                     (16,800   )
management and other operations               (4,258   )                -                               -                     14,205                       9,947
1,085,741                    2,127                      23,013                    886,831                   1,997,712
stock compensation                           (33,974   )                -                               -                          -                     (33,974   )
corporate                                   (930,416   )                -                         673,793                     40,866                    (215,757   )
$121,351                     $2,127                            $696,806           $927,697                   $1,747,981
liquidity and capital resources cash flows - summary we require a certain amount of cash on hand to operate our resorts.  beyond our cash on hand, we utilize company-wide cash management procedures to minimize the amount of cash held on hand or in banks.  funds are swept from accounts at our resorts daily into central bank accounts, and excess funds are invested overnight or are used to repay borrowings under our senior credit facility. in addition, from time to time we may use excess funds to repurchase our outstanding debt securities subject to limitations in our senior credit facility.  at december 31, 2014 and 2013, we held cash and cash equivalents of $1.7 billion and $1.8 billion, respectively. cash and cash equivalents related to mgm china at december 31, 2014 and 2013 was $546 million and $1.0 billion, respectively.
41
our cash flows consisted of the following:
year ended december 31,

2014                          2013                         2012
(in thousands)
net cash provided by operating activities                                 $1,130,670                           $1,310,448                      $909,351
investing cash flows:
capital expenditures, net of construction payable                                   (872,041    )                (562,124    )                 (422,763   )
dispositions of property and equipment                                                 7,651                       18,030                           426
investments in and advances to unconsolidated affiliates                            (103,040    )                 (28,953    )                  (54,300   )
investments in treasury securities - maturities longer than 90 days                 (123,133    )                (219,546    )                 (285,469   )
proceeds from treasury securities - maturities longer than 90 days                   210,300                      252,592                       315,438
cash deposits - original maturities longer than 90 days                             (570,000    )                       -                             -
payments for gaming licenses                                                         (85,000    )                 (21,600    )                        -
other                                                                                 11,113                        1,464                           251
net cash used in investing activities                                             (1,524,150    )                (560,137    )                 (446,417   )
financing cash flows:
net repayments under bank credit facilities                                          (28,000    )                 (28,000    )                 (504,866   )
issuance of senior notes                                                           1,250,750                      500,000                     4,100,000
retirement of senior notes, including premiums paid                                 (508,900    )                (612,262    )               (4,009,117   )
distributions to noncontrolling interest owners                                     (386,709    )                (318,348    )                 (206,806   )
other                                                                                (19,064    )                 (31,098    )                 (166,170   )
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                  308,077                     (489,708    )                 (786,959   )
effect of exchange rate on cash                                                         (889    )                    (443    )                    1,621
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                      $(86,292              )                $260,160                     $(322,404   )
cash flows - operating activities trends in our operating cash flows tend to follow trends in operating income, excluding non-cash charges, but can be affected by changes in working capital, the timing of significant tax payments or refunds, and distributions from unconsolidated affiliates. in both 2014 and 2013, operating cash flow also benefited from a decrease in interest paid. we paid net taxes of $42 million, $1 million and $7 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. also, in the years presented, cash provided by operating activities has been significantly impacted by changes in working capital at mgm china. operating income at mgm china has increased in both 2014 and 2013; however, in 2014 cash provided by operating activities of $642 million at mgm china was negatively affected by changes in working capital related to short term gaming liabilities, while in 2013 cash provided by operating activities of $932 million was positively affected by changes in working capital primarily related to short term gaming liabilities. operating cash flow at mgm china was $751 million in 2012.
cash flows - investing activities our investing cash flows can fluctuate significantly from year to year depending on our decisions with respect to strategic capital investments in new or existing resorts, business acquisitions or dispositions, and the timing of more regular capital investments to maintain the quality of our resorts. capital expenditures related to more regular investments in our existing resorts can also vary depending on timing of larger remodel projects related to our public spaces and hotel rooms. most of such costs relate to materials, furniture and fixtures, and external labor costs.
·   in 2014, we had capital expenditures of $872 million, which included $346 million at mgm china, excluding capitalized interest on development fees eliminated in consolidation. capital expenditures at mgm china included $301 million related to the construction of mgm cotai and $45 million related to improvements at mgm macau. capital expenditures at our wholly owned domestic resorts and corporate entities included $97 million related to the construction of mgm national harbor, various room remodels including the delano rooms at mandalay bay and suites at bellagio, a remodel of the facades of new york-new york and monte carlo, construction of the park entertainment district, restaurant and entertainment venue remodels and costs incurred to relocate and renovate certain corporate offices.

·   in 2013, we had capital expenditures of $562 million, which included $239 million at mgm china, excluding development fees eliminated in consolidation. capital expenditures at mgm china primarily related to the construction of mgm cotai, including a $47 million construction deposit. we spent approximately $324 million in 2013 related to capital expenditures at corporate entities and our wholly owned domestic resorts, which included expenditures for a remodel of the front façades of new york-new york and monte carlo, room remodels, theater renovations, information technology and slot machine purchases.

42
·   in 2012, we had capital expenditures of $423 million, which included $74 million at mgm china, excluding development fees eliminated in consolidation. at our wholly owned domestic resorts, capital expenditures included $95 million of expenditures related to the room remodel at mgm grand las vegas, $35 million related to the room remodel for the spa tower at bellagio, $43 million of aircraft acquisition costs and capital expenditures at various resorts including restaurant remodels, entertainment venue remodels and theater renovations. most of the costs capitalized related to furniture and fixtures, materials and external labor costs. capital expenditures at mgm china related to the second floor gaming area expansion, other property enhancements and cotai development activities.

in 2014, investments and advances to unconsolidated affiliates primarily represent investments in las vegas arena company of $36 million, mgm hakkasan of $10 million and citycenter. we have made investments in citycenter in each of the past three years. in 2014, 2013 and 2012, we made investments in citycenter of $56 million, $24 million and $47 million, respectively.
investing activities include activity related to investments of funds held by the trust that held our 50% ownership in borgata prior to its dissolution in september 2014. in addition, in 2014 we invested $570 million in certificates of deposit with original maturities longer than 90 days.
cash flows - financing activities in 2014, we had net borrowings of $714 million, including the repayment of $28 million under our senior credit facility. during the year we repaid our $509 million 5.875% senior notes at maturity and issued $1.25 billion of 6% senior notes, due 2023 for net proceeds of $1.24 billion.
mgm china paid a $137 million interim dividend in september 2014, a $127 million final dividend in june 2014 and a $499 million special dividend in march 2014, of which $67 million, $62 million and $245 million was distributed to noncontrolling interests, respectively.
in 2013, we repaid net debt of $140 million including $28 million under our senior credit facility. we issued $500 million in 5.25% senior notes due 2020 and repaid the following senior notes:
·   $462 million outstanding principal amount of our 6.75% senior notes; and

·   $150 million outstanding principal amount of our 7.625% senior subordinated debentures at maturity.

we incurred $24 million of debt issuance costs related to the re-pricing of the term loan b facility in may 2013 and the december 2013 issuance of the $500 million of 5.25% senior notes due 2020.
mgm china paid a $113 million interim dividend in september 2013, of which $58 million remained within the consolidated entity and $55 million was distributed to noncontrolling interests. additionally, mgm china paid a $500 million special dividend in march 2013, of which $255 million remained within the consolidated entity and $245 million was distributed to noncontrolling interests. mgm china paid a $400 million special dividend in march 2012, of which $204 million remained within the consolidated entity and $196 million was distributed to noncontrolling interests.
in 2012, we borrowed net debt of $364 million, excluding the january 2012 repayment of $778 million that had been temporarily outstanding under our senior credit facility at december 31, 2011. mgm china had no additional significant borrowings or reductions of debt on a net basis during 2012.
in 2012, we repaid the $535 million outstanding principal amount of our 6.75% senior notes at maturity and issued the following senior notes:
·   $850 million of 8.625% senior notes due 2019 for net proceeds of $836 million;

·   $1.0 billion of 7.75% senior notes due 2022 for net proceeds of $986 million;

·   $1.0 billion of 6.75% senior notes due 2020 for net proceeds of $986 million; and

·   $1.25 billion of 6.625% senior notes due 2021 for net proceeds of $1.23 billion.

in addition, using the net proceeds from the $1.25 billion of 6.625% senior notes due 2021 and our amended and restated senior secured credit facility, together with cash on hand, we made an offer to repurchase and funded the satisfaction and discharge of all of the following senior secured notes at a premium for a total of approximately $3.5 billion:
·   $750 million outstanding principal amount of our 13.0% senior secured notes due 2013;

·   $650 million outstanding principal amount of our 10.375% senior secured notes due 2014;

43
·   $850 million outstanding principal amount of our 11.125% senior secured notes due 2017; and

·   $845 million outstanding principal amount of our 9% senior secured notes due 2020.

other factors affecting liquidity anticipated uses of cash. we have significant outstanding debt and contractual obligations in addition to planned capital expenditures. at december 31, 2014 we had $2.4 billion of principal amount of long-term debt maturing in 2015, primarily related to our $1.45 billion 4.25% convertible senior notes and $875 million 6.625% senior notes, and an estimated $844 million of cash interest payments based on current outstanding debt and applicable interest rates, within the next twelve months. our convertible senior notes are due april 15, 2015 and have an initial conversion price of $18.58 per share of our common stock. at december 31, 2014, the price per share of our common stock was above the conversion price for our convertible senior notes. we expect to meet our current debt maturities and planned capital expenditure requirements with future anticipated operating cash flows, cash and cash equivalents, cash deposits, dividends from mgm china, and available borrowings under our senior credit facility.
we expect to make the following capital investments during 2015:
·   $427 million in capital expenditures at our wholly owned domestic resorts and corporate entities, which includes expenditures on the park, a dining and entertainment district located between new york-new york and monte carlo, and the convention area expansion at mandalay bay;

·   $50 million investment in the las vegas arena project;

·   $79 million in capital expenditures, including land related costs, related to the mgm springfield project; and

·   approximately $375 million in capital expenditures, including land related costs, related to the mgm national harbor project.

during 2015, mgm china expects to spend approximately $100 million in capital improvements at mgm macau and $1.1 billion on the mgm cotai project, excluding capitalized interest and land related costs.
our capital expenditures fluctuate depending on our decisions with respect to strategic capital investments in new or existing resorts and the timing of capital investments to maintain the quality of our resorts, the amounts of which can vary depending on timing of larger remodel projects related to our public spaces and hotel rooms. future capital expenditures could vary from our current expectations depending on the progress of our development efforts and the structure of our ownership interests in future developments.
cotai land concession.  mgm grand paradise's land concession contract for an approximate 18 acre site in cotai, macau became effective on january 9, 2013 and has an initial term of 25 years. the total land premium payable to the macau government for the land concession contract is $161 million and is composed of a down payment and eight additional semi-annual payments. as of december 31, 2014, mgm china had paid $100 million of the contract premium, including interest due on the semi-annual payments. in january 2015, mgm china paid the fourth semi-annual payment of $15 million under the land concession contract. including interest on the four remaining semi-annual payments, mgm china has $59 million remaining payable for the land concession contract.
mgm china dividend policy.  on february 17, 2015, as part of its regular dividend policy, mgm china's board of directors announced it will recommend a final dividend for 2014 of $120 million to mgm china shareholders subject to approval at the 2015 annual shareholders meeting. if approved, we will receive $61 million, our 51% share of this dividend. in addition, mgm china's board of directors announced a special dividend of $400 million, which will be paid to shareholders of record as of march 10, 2015 and distributed on or about march 19, 2015.  we will receive $204 million, representing our 51% share of the special dividend.
citycenter completion guarantee. as discussed in note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements we and citycenter have reached a global settlement related to the perini litigation and we had accrued a liability of $149 million as of december 31, 2014 related to our completion guarantee obligations. we subsequently funded $130 million to citycenter under the completion guarantee.
principal debt arrangements our long-term debt consists of publicly held senior and convertible senior notes and our senior credit facility.  at december 31, 2014, excluding mgm china, we had $13.6 billion principal amount of indebtedness, including $2.7 billion of borrowings outstanding under our $3.9 billion senior credit facility. we pay fixed rates of interest ranging from 4.25% to 11.375% on our senior and convertible senior notes.  our senior credit facility consists of $1.2 billion of revolving loans, a $1.03 billion term loan a facility and a $1.72 billion term loan b facility.  the revolving and term loan a facilities bear interest at libor plus an applicable rate
44
determined by our credit rating (2.75% as of december 31, 2014).  the term loan b facility bears interest at libor plus 2.50% with a libor floor of 1.00% (3.5% as of december 31, 2014).  the revolving and term loan a facilities mature in december 2017. the term loan b facility matures in december 2019.  the term loan a and term loan b facilities are subject to scheduled amortization payments on the last day of each calendar quarter in an amount equal to 0.25% of the original principal balance.  we had approximately $1.1 billion of available borrowing capacity under our senior credit facility at december 31, 2014.
the land and substantially all of the assets of mgm grand las vegas, bellagio and the mirage secure up to $3.35 billion of obligations outstanding under the senior credit facility.  in addition, the land and substantially all of the assets of new york-new york and gold strike tunica secure the entire amount of the senior credit facility, and the land and substantially all of the assets of mgm grand detroit secure its $450 million of obligations as a co-borrower under the senior credit facility. in addition, the senior credit facility is secured by a pledge of the equity or limited liability company interests of the subsidiaries that own the pledged properties.
the senior credit facility contains customary representations and warranties and customary affirmative and negative covenants. in addition, the senior credit facility requires us and our restricted subsidiaries (the "restricted group") to maintain a minimum trailing four-quarter ebitda and limits the ability of the restricted group to make capital expenditures and investments. as of december 31, 2014, the restricted group is required to maintain a minimum ebitda (as defined) of $1.20 billion.  the minimum ebitda increases to $1.25 billion for march 31, 2015 and june 30, 2015 and to $1.30 billion for september 30, 2015 and december 31, 2015, with periodic increases thereafter.  ebitda for the trailing four quarters ended december 31, 2014 calculated in accordance with the terms of the senior credit facility was $1.37 billion.  in accordance with our senior credit facility covenants, the restricted group is limited to annual capital expenditures of $500 million in each year beginning with 2013 with unused amounts in any fiscal year rolling over to the next fiscal year, but not any fiscal year thereafter. our total restricted group capital expenditures allowable under the senior credit facility for 2014, after giving effect to the unused amount from 2013, was $681 million. in addition, our senior credit facility limits the restricted group's ability to make investments subject to certain thresholds and other important exceptions. the restricted group was within the limit of capital expenditures and other investments for 2014. we believe we have sufficient capacity under these thresholds to fund our planned development activity.
the senior credit facility provides for customary events of default, including, without limitation, (i) payment defaults, (ii) covenant defaults, (iii) cross-defaults to certain other indebtedness in excess of specified amounts, (iv) certain events of bankruptcy and insolvency, (v) judgment defaults in excess of specified amounts, (vi) the failure of any loan document by a significant party to be in full force and effect and such circumstance, in the reasonable judgment of the required lenders, is materially adverse to the lenders, or (vii) the security documents cease to create a valid and perfected first priority lien on any material portion of the collateral. in addition, the senior secured credit facility provides that a cessation of business due to revocation, suspension or loss of any gaming license affecting a specified amount of its revenues or assets, will constitute an event of default.
all of our principal debt arrangements are guaranteed by each of our material domestic subsidiaries, other than mgm grand detroit, llc (which is a co-borrower under our senior credit facility), our insurance subsidiaries, and certain other designated subsidiaries, including mgm national harbor, llc and blue tarp redevelopment, llc (the company that will own and operate our proposed casino in springfield, massachusetts).  our international subsidiaries, including mgm china and its subsidiaries, are not guarantors of such indebtedness. we and our subsidiaries may from time to time, in our sole discretion, purchase, repay, redeem or retire any of our outstanding debt securities, in privately negotiated or open market transactions, by tender offer or otherwise pursuant to authorization of our board of directors.
at december 31, 2014, the mgm grand paradise credit facility consisted of approximately $550 million of term loans and a $1.45 billion revolving credit facility due october 2017.  the outstanding balance at december 31, 2014 of $553 million was comprised solely of term loans. the interest rate on the facility fluctuates annually based on hibor plus a margin, which ranges between 1.75% and 2.5%, based on mgm china's leverage ratio. mgm china is a joint and several co-borrower with mgm grand paradise.  the mgm grand paradise credit facility is secured by mgm grand paradise's interest in the cotai land use right, and mgm china, mgm grand paradise and their guarantor subsidiaries have granted a security interest in substantially all of their assets to secure the facility. the credit facility will be used for general corporate purposes and for the development of the cotai project.
the mgm grand paradise credit facility agreement contains customary representations and warranties, events of default, affirmative covenants and negative covenants, which impose restrictions on, among other things, the ability of mgm china and its subsidiaries to make investments, pay dividends and sell assets, and to incur additional debt and additional liens. mgm china is also required to maintain compliance with a maximum consolidated total leverage ratio of 4.50 to 1.00 prior to the first anniversary of the mgm cotai opening date and 4.00 to 1.00 thereafter and a minimum interest coverage ratio of 2.50 to 1.00.  mgm china was in compliance with its credit facility covenants at december 31, 2014.
45
off balance sheet arrangements our off balance sheet arrangements consist primarily of investments in unconsolidated affiliates, which consist primarily of our investments in citycenter, grand victoria, borgata, las vegas arena, silver legacy and mgm hakkasan.  we have not entered into any transactions with special purpose entities, nor have we engaged in any derivative transactions.  our unconsolidated affiliate investments allow us to realize the proportionate benefits of owning a full-scale resort in a manner that minimizes our initial investment.  we have not historically guaranteed financing obtained by our investees, and there are no other provisions of the venture agreements which we believe are unusual or subject us to risks to which we would not be subjected if we had full ownership of the resort.
commitments and contractual obligations the following table summarizes our scheduled contractual obligations as of december 31, 2014:
2015                2016               2017               2018               2019               thereafter

(in millions)
long-term debt                                               $2,353             $1,642             $2,183               $493             $2,495                $5,005
estimated interest payments on long-term debt (1)               844                730                618                504                441                   815
construction commitments (2)                                  1,148                445                  -                  -                  -                     -
operating leases (3)                                             53                 53                 24                 22                 20                 1,104
capital leases                                                    5                  4                  3                  2                  -                     -
tax liabilities (4)                                               3                  -                  -                  -                  -                     -
long-term liabilities                                             3                  3                  2                  2                  2                    35
citycenter funding commitments (5)                              149                  -                  -                  -                  -                     -
other obligations (6)                                           384                552                 28                  2                  -                     -
$4,942             $3,429             $2,858             $1,025             $2,958                $6,959
(1)   estimated interest payments are based on principal amounts and expected maturities of debt outstanding at december 31, 2014 and management's forecasted libor rates for our senior credit facility and hibor rates for the mgm grand paradise credit facility.

(2)   the amount for 2015 includes $707 million and $274 million related to mgm cotai and mgm national harbor, respectively.

(3)   mgm national harbor will be built on land subject to a long-term ground lease. see note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion.

(4)   approximately $26 million of liabilities related to uncertain tax positions and other tax liabilities are excluded from the table as we cannot reasonably estimate when examination and other activity related to these amounts will conclude or when these amounts will be paid, if ever.

(5)   we estimate that we will be required to fund approximately $149 million under the citycenter completion guarantee.

(6)   the amount for 2015 includes $242 million related to employment agreements, $94 million for entertainment agreements, $73 million of open purchase orders and $50 million for required arena equity contributions. other commitments include various contracted amounts, including information technology, advertising, maintenance and other service agreements. our largest entertainment commitments consist of minimum contractual payments to cirque du soleil, which performs shows at several of our resorts. our contractual commitments for these shows generally do not exceed 12 months and are based on our ability to exercise certain termination rights; however, we expect these shows to continue for longer periods.

while we have significant indebtedness, we believe we have the ability to meet known obligations, including principal and interest obligations as well as planned capital expenditures over the next twelve months with existing cash and cash deposits, cash flows from operations, dividends from mgm china, and availability under our senior credit facility.  we have $2.4 billion of maturities of long-term debt in 2015 including our $1.45 billion 4.25% convertible senior notes due april 15, 2015. as of december 31, 2014 the price per share of our common stock was above the conversion price of our convertible senior notes.  see "liquidity and capital resources - other factors affecting liquidity" for further discussion of anticipated uses of cash.
critical accounting policies and estimates management's discussion and analysis of our results of operations and liquidity and capital resources are based on our consolidated financial statements.  to prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america, we must make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements.  we regularly evaluate these estimates and assumptions, particularly in areas we consider to be critical accounting estimates, where changes in the estimates and assumptions could have a material effect on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows.  senior management and the audit committee of the board of directors have reviewed the disclosures included herein about our critical accounting estimates, and have reviewed the processes to determine those estimates.  however, by their nature, judgments are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty and therefore actual results can differ from our estimates.
46
allowance for doubtful casino accounts receivable marker play represents a significant portion of the table games volume at certain of our las vegas resorts.  in addition, mgm china extends credit to certain in-house vip gaming customers and gaming promoters.  our other facilities do not emphasize marker play to the same extent, although we offer markers to customers at those casinos as well. we maintain strict controls over the issuance of markers and aggressively pursue collection from those customers who fail to pay their marker balances timely. these collection efforts are similar to those used by most large corporations when dealing with overdue customer accounts, including the mailing of statements and delinquency notices, personal contacts, the use of outside collection agencies and civil litigation. markers are generally legally enforceable instruments in the united states and macau. at december 31, 2014 and 2013, approximately 30% and 31%, respectively, of our casino accounts receivable was owed by customers from the united states. markers are not legally enforceable instruments in some foreign countries, but the united states assets of foreign customers may be reached to satisfy judgments entered in the united states. at december 31, 2014 and 2013, approximately 54% and 57%, respectively, of our casino accounts receivable was owed by customers from the far east. we consider the likelihood and difficulty of enforceability, among other factors, when we issue credit to customers who are not residents of the united states.
we maintain an allowance, or reserve, for doubtful casino accounts at all of our operating casino resorts.  the provision for doubtful accounts, an operating expense, increases the allowance for doubtful accounts.  we regularly evaluate the allowance for doubtful casino accounts.  at resorts where marker play is not significant, the allowance is generally established by applying standard reserve percentages to aged account balances.  at resorts where marker play is significant, we apply standard reserve percentages to aged account balances under a specified dollar amount and specifically analyze the collectibility of each account with a balance over the specified dollar amount, based on the age of the account, the customer's financial condition, collection history and any other known information.
in addition to enforceability issues, the collectibility of unpaid markers given by foreign customers is affected by a number of factors, including changes in currency exchange rates and economic conditions in the customers' home countries.  because individual customer account balances can be significant, the allowance and the provision can change significantly between periods, as information about a certain customer becomes known or as changes in a region's economy occur.
the following table shows key statistics related to our casino receivables:
december 31,

2014                     2013
(in thousands)
casino receivables                                                 $307,152                  $309,620
allowance for doubtful casino accounts receivable                    84,397                    73,081
allowance as a percentage of casino accounts receivable                  27    %                   24   %
percentage of casino accounts outstanding over 180 days                  24    %                   16   %
approximately $68 million and $78 million of casino receivables and $13 million and $4 million of the allowance for doubtful casino accounts receivable relate to mgm china at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.  the allowance for doubtful accounts as a percentage of casino accounts receivable has increased in the current year due to an increase in the aging of accounts.  at december 31, 2014, a 100 basis-point change in the allowance for doubtful accounts as a percentage of casino accounts receivable would change income before income taxes by $3 million.
fixed asset capitalization and depreciation policies property and equipment are stated at cost.  for the majority of our property and equipment, cost was determined at the acquisition date based on estimated fair values in connection with the june 2011 mgm china acquisition, the april 2005 mandalay acquisition and the may 2000 mirage resorts acquisition.  maintenance and repairs that neither materially add to the value of the property nor appreciably prolong its life are charged to expense as incurred.  depreciation and amortization are provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets.  when we construct assets, we capitalize direct costs of the project, including fees paid to architects and contractors, property taxes, and certain costs of our design and construction subsidiaries. in addition, interest cost associated with major development and construction projects is capitalized as part of the cost of the project.  interest is typically capitalized on amounts expended on the project using the weighted-average cost of our outstanding borrowings, since we typically do not borrow funds directly related to a development project.  capitalization of interest starts when construction activities begin and ceases when construction is substantially complete or development activity is suspended for more than a brief period.
47
we must make estimates and assumptions when accounting for capital expenditures.  whether an expenditure is considered a maintenance expense or a capital asset is a matter of judgment.  when constructing or purchasing assets, we must determine whether existing assets are being replaced or otherwise impaired, which also may be a matter of judgment.  in addition, our depreciation expense is highly dependent on the assumptions we make about our assets' estimated useful lives.  we determine the estimated useful lives based on our experience with similar assets, engineering studies, and our estimate of the usage of the asset.  whenever events or circumstances occur which change the estimated useful life of an asset, we account for the change prospectively.
impairment of long-lived assets, goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets we evaluate our property and equipment and other long-lived assets for impairment based on our classification as held for sale or to be held and used.  several criteria must be met before an asset is classified as held for sale, including that management with the appropriate authority commits to a plan to sell the asset at a reasonable price in relation to its fair value and is actively seeking a buyer. for assets classified as held for sale, we recognize the asset at the lower of carrying value or fair market value less costs of disposal, as estimated based on comparable asset sales, offers received, or a discounted cash flow model.  for assets to be held and used, we review for impairment whenever indicators of impairment exist.  we then compare the estimated future cash flows of the asset, on an undiscounted basis, to the carrying value of the asset.  if the undiscounted cash flows exceed the carrying value, no impairment is indicated.  if the undiscounted cash flows do not exceed the carrying value, then an impairment is recorded based on the fair value of the asset.  for operating assets, fair value is typically measured using a discounted cash flow model whereby future cash flows are discounted using a weighted-average cost of capital, developed using a standard capital asset pricing model, based on guideline companies in our industry. if an asset is still under development, future cash flows include remaining construction costs.  all recognized impairment losses, whether for assets to be held for sale or assets to be held and used, are recorded as operating expenses. see note 4 in the accompanying financial statements for discussion regarding our assets held for sale.
there are several estimates, assumptions and decisions in measuring impairments of long-lived assets.  first, management must determine the usage of the asset.  to the extent management decides that an asset will be sold, it is more likely that an impairment may be recognized.  assets must be tested at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows exist.  this means that some assets must be grouped, and management has some discretion in the grouping of assets.  future cash flow estimates are, by their nature, subjective and actual results may differ materially from our estimates.
on a quarterly basis, we review our major long-lived assets to determine if events have occurred or circumstances exist that indicate a potential impairment.  potential factors which could trigger an impairment include underperformance compared to historical or projected operating results, negative industry or economic factors, significant changes to our operating environment, or changes in intended use of the asset group.  we estimate future cash flows using our internal budgets and probability weight cash flows in certain circumstances to consider alternative outcomes associated with recoverability of the asset group, including potential sale. historically, undiscounted cash flows of our significant operating asset groups have exceeded their carrying values by a substantial margin.
we review indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill at least annually and between annual test dates in certain circumstances. we perform our annual impairment test for indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year. indefinite-lived intangible assets consist primarily of license rights, which are tested for impairment using a discounted cash flow approach, and trademarks, which are tested for impairment using the relief-from-royalty method.  goodwill represents the excess of purchase price over fair market value of net assets acquired in business combinations.  goodwill for relevant reporting units is tested for impairment using a discounted cash flow analysis based on our budgeted future results discounted using a weighted average cost of capital, developed using a standard capital asset pricing model based on guideline companies in our industry, and market indicators of terminal year capitalization rates, as well as a market approach that utilizes business enterprise value multiples based on a range of multiples in our peer group. none of our reporting units incurred any goodwill impairment charges in 2014, 2013 or 2012. as of the date we completed our 2014 goodwill impairment analysis, the estimated fair values of our reporting units with associated goodwill were substantially in excess of their carrying values.  as discussed below, management makes significant judgments and estimates as part of these analyses. if future operating results of our reporting units do not meet current expectations it could cause carrying values of our reporting units to exceed their fair values in future periods, potentially resulting in a goodwill impairment charge.
there are several estimates inherent in evaluating these assets for impairment.  in particular, future cash flow estimates are, by their nature, subjective and actual results may differ materially from our estimates.  in addition, the determination of capitalization rates and the discount rates used in the impairment tests are highly judgmental and dependent in large part on expectations of future market conditions.
see note 15 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of write downs and impairments of long-lived assets.
48
impairment of investments in unconsolidated affiliates we evaluate our investments in unconsolidated affiliates for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of our investment may have experienced an other-than-temporary decline in value. if such conditions exist, we compare the estimated fair value of the investment to its carrying value to determine whether an impairment is indicated and determine whether the impairment is other-than-temporary based on our assessment of relevant factors, including consideration of our intent and ability to retain our investment. we estimate fair value using a discounted cash flow analysis based on estimates of future cash flows and market indicators of discount rates and terminal year capitalization rates, as well as a market approach that utilizes business enterprise value multiples based on a range of multiples in our peer group.  see note 6 and note 15 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for discussion of other-than-temporary impairment charges.
income taxes we recognize deferred tax assets, net of applicable reserves, related to net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards and certain temporary differences with a future tax benefit to the extent that realization of such benefit is more likely than not.  otherwise, a valuation allowance is applied. as of december 31, 2014, the scheduled future reversal of existing u.s. federal taxable temporary differences exceeds the scheduled future reversal of existing u.s. federal deductible temporary differences.  consequently, we no longer apply a valuation allowance against our domestic deferred tax assets other than our foreign tax credit deferred tax asset.
as of december 31, 2014, we have a foreign tax credit carryover of $2.6 billion and we have recorded a valuation allowance of $2.5 billion against this deferred tax asset based upon our assessment of future realization.  the foreign tax credits are attributable to the macau special gaming tax which is 35% of gross gaming revenue in macau.  because mgm china is presently exempt from the macau 12% complementary tax on gaming profits, we believe that payment of the macau special gaming tax qualifies as a tax paid in lieu of an income tax that is creditable against u.s. taxes. as long as the exemption from macau's 12% complementary tax on gaming profits continues, we expect that we will generate excess foreign tax credits on an annual basis and that none of the excess foreign credits will be utilized until the exemption expires. although mgm china's current five-year exemption from the macau 12% complementary tax on gaming profits ends on december 31, 2016, we believe it will be entitled to receive a third five-year exemption from macau based upon exemptions granted to its competitors in order to ensure non-discriminatory treatment among gaming concessionaires and subconcessionaires.  for all periods beyond december 31, 2021, we have assumed that mgm china will be paying the macau 12% complementary tax on gaming profits and will thus not be able to credit the macau special gaming tax in such years, and have factored that assumption into our assessment of the realization of the foreign tax credit deferred tax asset.  furthermore, we do not rely on future u.s source operating income in assessing future foreign tax credit realization due to our history of recent losses in the u.s. and therefore only rely on u.s. federal taxable temporary differences that we expect will reverse during the 10-year foreign tax credit carryover period.
our assessment of realization of our foreign tax credit deferred tax asset is based on available evidence, including assumptions about future profitability of and distributions from mgm china, as well as our assumption concerning renewals of the five year exemption from macau's 12% complementary tax on gaming profits.  as a result, significant judgment is required in assessing the possible need for a valuation allowance and changes to our assumptions may have a material impact on the amount of the valuation allowance.  for example, should we in a future period actually receive or be able to assume an additional five year exemption, an additional valuation allowance would likely need to be provided on some portion or all of the foreign tax credit deferred tax asset, resulting in an increase in the provision for income taxes in such period and such increase may be material.  in addition, a change to our forecasts of future profitability of and distributions from mgm china could also result in a material change in the valuation allowance with a corresponding impact on the provision for income taxes in such period.
in addition, there is a $15 million valuation allowance, after federal effect, provided on certain state deferred tax assets and a valuation allowance of $60 million on certain macau deferred tax assets because we believe these assets do not meet the "more likely than not" criteria for recognition.
we file income tax returns in the u.s. federal jurisdiction, various state and local jurisdictions, and foreign jurisdictions, although the income taxes paid in foreign jurisdictions are not material.  our income tax returns are subject to examination by the internal revenue service ("irs") and other tax authorities.  positions taken in tax returns are sometimes subject to uncertainty in the tax laws and may not ultimately be accepted by the irs or other tax authorities.  see note 10 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the status and impact of examinations by tax authorities.
we assess our tax positions using a two-step process.  a tax position is recognized if it meets a "more likely than not" threshold, and is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely of being realized.  uncertain tax positions must be reviewed at each balance sheet date.  liabilities we record as a result of this analysis are recorded separately from any current or deferred income tax accounts, and are classified as current in "other accrued liabilities" or long-term in "other long-term liabilities"
49
based on the time until expected payment.  additionally, we recognize accrued interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense.
stock-based compensation we account for stock options and stock appreciation rights ("sars") measuring fair value using the black-scholes model. for restricted share units ("rsus"), compensation expense is calculated based on the fair market value of our stock on the date of grant.  we account for performance stock units ("psus") measuring fair value using the monte carlo valuation model. there are several management assumptions required to determine the inputs into the black-scholes model and monte carlo valuation model.  our volatility and expected term assumptions used in the black-scholes model can significantly affect the fair value of stock options and sars. the monte carlo valuation model also utilizes multiple assumptions, including volatility, to determine the fair value of the award. changes in the subjective assumptions can materially affect the estimate of the fair value of share-based compensation and consequently, the related amount recognized in the consolidated financial statements.  the extent of the impact will depend, in part, on the extent of awards in any given year.
market risk in addition to the inherent risks associated with our normal operations, we are also exposed to additional market risks.  market risk is the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices, such as interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates.  our primary exposure to market risk is interest rate risk associated with our variable rate long-term debt.  we attempt to limit our exposure to interest rate risk by managing the mix of our long-term fixed rate borrowings and short-term borrowings under our bank credit facilities. a change in interest rates generally does not have an impact upon our future earnings and cash flow for fixed-rate debt instruments. as fixed-rate debt matures, however, and if additional debt is acquired to fund the debt repayment, future earnings and cash flow may be affected by changes in interest rates. this effect would be realized in the periods subsequent to the periods when the debt matures.  we do not hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes and do not enter into derivative transactions that would be considered speculative positions.
as of december 31, 2014, long-term variable rate borrowings represented approximately 23% of our total borrowings.  assuming a 100 basis-point increase in libor (in the case of term loan b, over the 1% floor specified in our senior credit facility), our annual interest cost would change by approximately $27 million based on gross amounts outstanding at december 31, 2014. assuming a 100 basis-point increase in hibor for the mgm grand paradise credit facility, our annual interest cost would change by approximately $6 million based on amounts outstanding at december 31, 2014. the following table provides additional information about our gross long-term debt subject to changes in interest rates:
fair value

debt maturing in,           december 31,
2015                2016                2017                2018              2019                   thereafter                 total       2014
(in millions)
fixed-rate                     $2,325              $1,476                $743              $475                $850          $5,005                   $10,874           $11,757
average interest rate             5.1   %             8.2   %             7.6   %          11.4   %             8.6   %      6.6             %            6.9   %
variable rate                     $28                $166              $1,440               $18              $1,645          $-                        $3,297           $3,356
average interest rate             3.3   %             2.2   %             2.7   %           3.5   %             3.5   %      n/a                          3.1   %
in addition to the risk associated with our variable interest rate debt, we are also exposed to risks related to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, mainly related to mgm china and to our operations at mgm macau and the development of mgm cotai. while recent fluctuations in exchange rates have not been significant, potential changes in policy by governments or fluctuations in the economies of the united states, macau or hong kong could cause variability in these exchange rates. as of december 31, 2014, a 1% increase in the hong kong dollar (the functional currency of mgm china) to the u.s. dollar exchange rate would impact the carrying value of our cash balance by $5 million and a 1% decrease in the exchange rate would impact the carrying value of our debt balance by $6 million.
50
