item 1a. risk factors.
risks related to our business global economic, political and market factors beyond our control could reduce demand for our services, and our profitability and business could suffer.
the global financial services business is, by its nature, risky and volatile and is directly affected by many national and international factors that are beyond our control. any one of these factors may cause a substantial decline in the u.s. and/or global financial services markets, resulting in reduced trading volume. these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. these factors include:
·   economic and political conditions in the united states, europe and elsewhere;

·   adverse market conditions, including unforeseen market closures or other disruptions in trading;

·   broad trends in business and finance;

·   consolidation or contraction in the number of broker-dealers;

·   actual or threatened acts of war or terrorism or other armed hostilities;

·   concerns over inflation and weakening consumer confidence levels;

·   the availability of cash for investment by mutual funds and other wholesale and retail investors;

·   the level and volatility of interest and foreign currency exchange rates;

·   the effect of federal reserve board quantitative easing, the tapering of quantitative easing, increased capital requirements for banks and other financial institutions, and other regulatory requirements and political impasses;

·   concerns over credit default or bankruptcy of one or more sovereign nations or corporate entities; and

·   legislative and regulatory changes.

any one or more of these factors may contribute to reduced activity and prices in the securities markets generally. our revenues and profitability are likely to decline significantly during periods of stagnant economic conditions or low trading volume in the u.s. and global financial markets.
decreases in trading volumes in the fixed-income markets generally or on our platform would harm our business and profitability.
we have experienced significant decreases in overall trading volume in the past and may experience similar decreases in trading volume in the future. declines in the overall volume of fixed-income securities trading and in market liquidity generally, as well as declines in interest rate volatility, could result in lower revenues from commissions for trades executed on our electronic trading platform and fees generated from related activities.
likewise, decreases in our share of the segments of the fixed-income trading markets in which we operate, or shifts in trading volume to segments of clients which we have not penetrated, could result in lower trading volume on our platform and, consequently, lower commissions and other revenue. during periods of increased volatility in credit markets, the use of electronic trading platforms by market participants may decrease dramatically as institutional investors seek to obtain additional information during the trade process through conversations with broker-dealers. in addition, during rapidly moving markets, broker-dealers are less likely to post prices electronically.
a decline in trading volumes on our platform for any reason would negatively affect our commission revenue and may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
20
we face substantial competition that could reduce our market share and harm our financial performance.
the fixed-income securities industry generally, and the electronic financial services markets in which we operate in particular, are highly competitive, and we expect competition to intensify in the future. we will continue to compete with bond trading conducted directly between broker-dealers and their institutional investor clients over the telephone or electronically. in addition, our current and prospective competitors are numerous and include:
·   other multi-dealer trading companies;

·   market data and information vendors;

·   securities and futures exchanges;

·   inter-dealer brokerage firms;

·   electronic communications networks;

·   technology, software, and information services or other companies that have existing commercial relationships with broker-dealers or institutional investors; and

·   other electronic marketplaces that are not currently in the securities business.

many of our current and potential competitors are more established and substantially larger than we are and have substantially greater market presence, as well as greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources. these competitors may aggressively reduce their pricing to enter into, or otherwise compete in, market segments in which we provide services, potentially subsidizing any losses with profits from trading in other fixed-income or equity securities or other business operations. in addition, many of our competitors offer a wider range of services, have broader name recognition and have larger customer bases than we do. some of them may be able to respond more quickly to new or evolving opportunities, technologies and customer requirements than we can and may be able to undertake more extensive promotional activities.
any combination of our competitors may enter into joint ventures or consortia to provide services similar to those provided by us. current and new competitors can launch new platforms at a relatively low cost. others may acquire the capabilities necessary to compete with us through acquisitions. we expect that we will potentially compete with a variety of companies with respect to each product or service we offer. if we are not able to compete successfully in the future, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected.
neither the sustainability of our current level of business nor any future growth can be assured. even if we do experience growth, we cannot assure you that we will grow profitably.
the success of our business strategy depends, in part, on our ability to maintain and expand the network of broker-dealer and institutional investor clients that use our electronic trading platform. our business strategy also depends on increasing the use of our platform by these clients. individuals at broker-dealers or institutional investors may have conflicting interests, which may discourage their use of our platform.
our growth may also be dependent on our ability to diversify our revenue base. we currently derive approximately 53% of our revenues from secondary trading in u.s. high-grade corporate bonds. our long-term business strategy includes expanding our service offerings and increasing our revenues from other fixed-income products and other sources. we cannot assure you that our efforts will be successful or result in increased revenues or continued profitability. we have experienced significant growth in trading volumes, revenues and profitability in recent years. we cannot assure you that our business will continue to grow at a similar rate, if at all.
our businesses are geographically concentrated and could be significantly affected by an adverse change in the regions in which we operate.
historically, our business operations have been substantially located in the u.s. and the u.k.  while we are expanding our businesses to new geographic areas, we are still highly concentrated in these areas.  accordingly, our businesses are exposed to adverse regulatory and competitive changes, economic downturns and changes in political conditions in these two countries. moreover, due to the concentration of our operations in these areas, such operations are less diversified and, accordingly, are subject to greater regional risks than those of some of our competitors. if we are unable to identify and successfully manage or mitigate these risks, our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially adversely affected.
21
because we operate in a rapidly evolving industry, it is difficult to evaluate our business and prospects.
we face risks and difficulties frequently experienced by companies operating in rapidly evolving industries, such as the electronic financial services industry. these risks and difficulties include, but are not limited to, our ability to:
·   attract and retain broker-dealers and institutional investors on our platform on a cost-effective basis;

·   expand and enhance reliable and cost-effective product and service offerings to our clients;

·   respond effectively to the loss of any of our significant broker-dealer or institutional investor clients, including due to merger, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation or other cause (including, among other things, the collection of any amounts due from such clients);

·   respond effectively to competitive pressures;

·   diversify our sources of revenues;

·   maintain adequate control of our expenses;

·   operate, support, expand and develop our operations, technology, website, software, communications and other systems;

·   manage growth in personnel and operations;

·   increase awareness of our brand or market positioning;

·   expand our sales and marketing programs;

·   take advantage of acquisitions, strategic alliances and other opportunities; and

·   respond to regulatory changes or demands.

if we are unsuccessful in addressing these risks or in executing our business strategy, our business, financial condition and results of operations may suffer.
we may enter into new fee plans, the impact of which may be difficult to evaluate; past trends in commissions are not necessarily indicative of future commissions.
from time to time, we may introduce new fee plans for the u.s. high-grade corporate bond and other market segments in which we operate. any new fee plan may include different fee structures or provide volume incentives. we cannot assure you that any new fee plans will result in an increase in the volume of transactions executed over our platform or that our revenues will increase as a result of the implementation of any such fee plans. it is possible that our broker-dealer or institutional investor clients could respond to a new fee plan by either reducing the amount of their business conducted on our platform or terminating their contractual relationship with us, which could have an adverse impact on our fees and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, our u.s. high-grade transaction fee is generally designated in basis points in yield and, as a result, is subject to fluctuation depending on the duration of the bond traded. we anticipate that average u.s. high-grade fees per million may vary in the future due to changes in yield, years-to-maturity and nominal size of bonds traded on our platform. consequently, past trends in commissions are not necessarily indicative of future commissions.
we are exposed to risks resulting from non-performance by counterparties to certain transactions in which we act as a matched principal intermediary.
we execute certain bond transactions between and among institutional investor and broker-dealer clients on a matched principal basis by serving as counterparty to both the buyer and the seller in trades which are then settled through a third-party clearing broker. settlement typically occurs within one to three trading days after the trade date. cash settlement of the transaction occurs upon receipt or delivery of the underlying instrument that was traded.
we are exposed to credit risk in our role as trading counterparty to our clients executing bond trades on our platform. we are exposed to the risk that third parties that owe us money, securities or other assets will not perform their obligations. these parties may default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons. adverse movements in the prices of securities that are the subject of these transactions can increase our risk. where the unmatched position or failure to deliver is prolonged there may also be financing costs or regulatory capital charges required to be taken by us. in connection with open
22
tradingtm or other anonymous protocols, we expect that the number of transactions in which we act as a matched principal will increase.
in the process of executing matched principal transactions, miscommunications and other errors by our clients can arise whereby one of the counterparties to the transaction rejects the trade or otherwise refuses to settle their side of the transaction on the terms recorded by our platform. these unsettled or rejected trades are referred to as "out trades," and they create a potential liability for our subsidiary involved in the trade. if an error is promptly discovered and alleged by a client and there is a prompt cancellation of the trade or disposition of the unmatched position by us or the other party to the trade, the risk to us is usually limited. if the discovery of an error by a client is delayed, the risk is heightened by the increased possibility of intervening movements in the price of the applicable security prior to disposition. although out trades usually become known at the time of, or later on the day of, the trade, it is possible that they may not be discovered until later in the settlement process. although our error policies and procedures are intended to limit our liability in the event of an out trade, the occurrence of out trades generally rises with increases in the volatility of the market and, depending on their cause, number and amount, such out trades have the potential to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
we have policies and procedures in place to identify and manage our credit risk.  in connection with the recent growth of our open tradingtm protocols, we are also developing additional automated controls to help us manage our credit risk exposure.  there can be no assurance that the policies, procedures and automated controls we use to manage this credit risk will effectively mitigate our credit risk exposure. some of our risk management procedures are reliant upon the evaluation of information regarding the fixed- income markets, our clients or other relevant matters that are publicly available or otherwise acquired from third party sources. such information may not be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly assessed and interpreted by us. if our risk management procedures fail, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. furthermore, our insurance policies are unlikely to provide coverage for such risks.
we are dependent on our broker-dealer clients, who are not restricted from using their own proprietary or third-party platforms to transact with our institutional investor clients.
we rely on our broker-dealer clients to provide product and liquidity on our electronic trading platform by posting bond prices on our platform for bonds in their inventory and responding to institutional investor client inquiries. the contractual obligations of our broker-dealer clients to us are minimal, non-exclusive and terminable by such clients. our broker-dealer clients buy and sell fixed-income securities through traditional methods, including by telephone and e-mail messaging, and through other electronic trading platforms. some of our broker-dealer clients have developed electronic trading networks that compete with us or have announced their intention to explore the development of such electronic trading networks, and most of our broker-dealer and institutional investor clients are involved in other ventures, including other electronic trading platforms or other distribution channels, as trading participants and/or as investors. these competing trading platforms may offer some features that we do not currently offer. accordingly, there can be no assurance that such broker-dealers' primary commitments will not be to one of our competitors.
in addition, there has been significant consolidation among firms in the banking and financial services industries over the past several years. moreover, some of our large broker-dealer clients have announced plans to reduce their sales and trading businesses in fixed-income. further consolidation, instability, and layoffs in the financial services industry could result in a smaller client base and heightened competition, which may lower volumes.
any reduction in the use of our electronic trading platform by our broker-dealer clients could reduce the number of different bond issues and the volume of trading in those bond issues on our platform, which could, in turn, reduce the use of our platform by our institutional investor clients. the occurrence of any of the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we could lose significant sources of revenue and trading volume if we lose any of our significant institutional investor clients.
we rely on our institutional investor clients to launch inquiries over our trading platform. a limited number of such clients can account for a significant portion of our trading volume. one institutional investor client accounted for approximately 14.0%, 12.5%, and 13.5% of trading volumes during the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. as of december 31, 2014, investment funds managed by this institutional investor client beneficially owned approximately 9% of the outstanding shares of our common stock, primarily through passive index and etf funds.
the obligations of our institutional investor clients to us under our standard contractual agreements are minimal, non-exclusive and terminable by such clients. our institutional investor clients buy and sell fixed-income securities through traditional methods, including by telephone and e-mail messaging, and through other electronic trading platforms.
23
there can be no assurance that we will be able to retain our major institutional investor clients or that such clients will continue to use our trading platform. the loss of any major institutional investor client or any reduction in the use of our electronic trading platform by such clients could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
if we experience significant fluctuations in our operating results or fail to meet revenue and earnings expectations, our stock price may fall rapidly and without advance notice.
our revenues and operating results may fluctuate due to a number of factors, including:
·   the unpredictability of the financial services industry;

·   difficulty in quickly adjusting our expense base if revenues fall short of expectations;

·   our ability to retain existing broker-dealer and institutional investor clients and attract new broker-dealer and institutional investor clients;

·   our ability to drive an increase in use of our electronic trading platform by new and existing broker-dealer and institutional investor clients;

·   changes in our pricing policies;

·   the introduction of new features on our electronic trading platform;

·   the effectiveness of our sales force;

·   new product and service introductions by our competitors;

·   fluctuations in overall market trading volume;

·   technical difficulties or interruptions in our service;

·   general economic conditions in our geographic markets;

·   additional investment in our services or operations; and

·   new regulations that limit or affect how our electronic trading platform can operate or which increase our regulatory compliance costs.

as a result, our operating results may fluctuate significantly on a quarterly basis, which could result in decreases in our stock price.
we may not be able to introduce enhanced versions of our electronic trading platform, new services and/or service enhancements in a timely or acceptable manner, which could harm our competitive position.
our business environment is characterized by rapid technological change, changing and increasingly sophisticated client demands and evolving industry standards. our future will depend on our ability to develop and introduce new features to, and new versions of, our electronic trading platform. the success of new features and versions depends on several factors, including the timely completion, introduction and market acceptance of the feature or version. in addition, the market for our electronic trading platform may be limited if prospective clients require customized features or functions that we are unable or unwilling to provide. for example, we have responded to the reduction in fixed-income secondary market liquidity that has been experienced since the credit crisis by, among other things, introducing a number of all-to-all trading options for our institutional investor and broker-dealer clients. however, we cannot assure you that these efforts will be successful. if we are unable to anticipate and respond to the demand for new services, products and technologies and develop new features and enhanced versions of our electronic trading platform that achieve widespread levels of market acceptance on a timely and cost-effective basis, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
as we enter new markets, we may not be able to successfully attract clients and adapt our technology and marketing strategy for use in those markets.
our strategy includes leveraging our electronic trading platform to enter new markets. we cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully adapt our proprietary software and technology for use in other markets. even if we do adapt our software and technology, we cannot assure you that we will be able to attract clients and compete successfully in any such new markets. we cannot assure you that our marketing efforts or our pursuit of any of these opportunities, including among other things, our proposed operation of a sef and a security-based sef under the dodd-frank act, will be successful. if these efforts are not successful, we may realize less than expected earnings, which in turn could result in a decrease in the market value of our common stock. furthermore, these efforts may divert management attention or inefficiently utilize our resources.
24
rapid market or technological changes may render our technology obsolete or decrease the attractiveness of our products and services to our broker-dealer and institutional investor clients.
we must continue to enhance and improve our electronic trading platform. the electronic financial services industry is characterized by significant structural changes, increasingly complex systems and infrastructures, changes in clients' needs and preferences and new business models. if new industry standards and practices emerge and our competitors release new technology before us, our existing technology, systems and electronic trading platform may become obsolete or our existing business may be harmed. our future success will depend on our ability to:
·   enhance our existing products and services;

·   develop and/or license new products and technologies that address the increasingly sophisticated and varied needs of our broker-dealer and institutional investor clients and prospective clients;

·   continue to attract highly-skilled technology personnel; and

·   respond to technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices on a cost-effective and timely basis.

developing our electronic trading platform and other technology entails significant technical and business risks. we may use new technologies ineffectively or we may fail to adapt our electronic trading platform, information databases and network infrastructure to broker-dealer or institutional investor client requirements or emerging industry standards. if we face material delays in introducing new services, products and enhancements, our broker-dealer and institutional investor clients may forego the use of our products and use those of our competitors.
further, the adoption of new internet, networking or telecommunications technologies may require us to devote substantial resources to modify and adapt our services. we cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully implement new technologies or adapt our proprietary technology and transaction-processing systems to client requirements or emerging industry standards. we cannot assure you that we will be able to respond in a timely manner to changing market conditions or client requirements.
we depend on third-party suppliers for key products and services.
we rely on a number of third parties to supply elements of our trading, information and other systems, as well as computers and other equipment, and related support and maintenance. we cannot assure you that any of these providers will be willing and able to continue to provide these services in an efficient, cost-effective manner, if at all, or that they will be able to adequately expand their services to meet our needs. if we are unable to make alternative arrangements for the supply of critical products or services in the event of a malfunction of a product or an interruption in or the cessation of service by an existing service provider, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
in particular, we depend on a third-party vendor for our corporate bond reference database. disruptions in the services provided by that third-party to us, including as a result of their inability or unwillingness to continue to license products that are critical to the success of our business, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we also rely, and expect in the future to continue to rely, on third parties for various computer and communications systems, such as telephone companies, online service providers, data processors, and software and hardware vendors. other third parties provide, for instance, our data center, telecommunications access lines and significant computer systems and software licensing, support and maintenance services. any interruption in these or other third-party services or deterioration in their performance could impair the quality of our service. we cannot be certain of the financial viability of all of the third parties on which we rely.
we license software from third parties, much of which is integral to our electronic trading platform and our business. we also hire contractors to assist in the development, quality assurance testing and maintenance of our electronic trading platform and other systems. continued access to these licensors and contractors on favorable contract terms or access to alternative software and information technology contractors is important to our operations. adverse changes in any of these relationships could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we attempt to negotiate favorable pricing, service, confidentiality and intellectual property ownership or licensing and other terms in our contracts with our service providers. these contracts usually have multi-year terms. however, there is no guarantee that these contracts will not terminate and that we will be able to negotiate successor agreements or agreements with alternate service providers on competitive terms. further, the existing agreements may bind us for a period of time to terms and technology that become obsolete as our industry and our competitors advance their own operations and contracts.
25
our success depends on maintaining the integrity of our electronic trading platform, systems and infrastructure; our computer systems may suffer failures, capacity constraints and business interruptions that could increase our operating costs and cause us to lose clients.
in order to be successful, we must provide reliable, secure, real-time access to our electronic trading platform for our broker-dealer and institutional investor clients. if our electronic trading platform is hampered by slow delivery times, unreliable service or insufficient capacity, our broker-dealer and institutional investor clients may decide to stop using our platform, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
as our operations grow in both size and scope, we will need to improve and upgrade our electronic trading platform and infrastructure to accommodate potential increases in order message volume and trading volume, the trading practices of new and existing clients, regulatory changes and the development of new and enhanced trading platform features, functionalities and ancillary products and services. the expansion of our electronic trading platform and infrastructure has required, and will continue to require, substantial financial, operational and technical resources. these resources will typically need to be committed well in advance of any actual increase in trading volumes and order messages. we cannot assure you that our estimates of future trading volumes and order messages will be accurate or that our systems will always be able to accommodate actual trading volumes and order messages without failure or degradation of performance. furthermore, we use new technologies to upgrade our established systems, and the development of these new technologies also entails technical, financial and business risks. we cannot assure you that we will successfully implement new technologies or adapt our existing electronic trading platform, technology and systems to the requirements of our broker-dealer and institutional investor clients or to emerging industry standards. the inability of our electronic trading platform to accommodate increasing trading volume and order messages would also constrain our ability to expand our business.
we cannot assure you that we, or our third-party service providers, will not experience systems failures. our electronic trading platform, computer and communication systems and other operations are vulnerable to damage, interruption or failure as a result of, among other things:
·   irregular or heavy use of our electronic trading platform during peak trading times or at times of unusual market volatility;

·   power or telecommunications failures, hardware failures or software errors;

·   human error;

·   computer viruses, acts of vandalism or sabotage (and resulting potential lapses in security), both internal and external;

·   natural disasters, fires, floods or other acts of god;

·   acts of war or terrorism (including cyberterrorism) or other armed hostility;

·   cybersecurity breaches; and

·   loss of support services from third parties, including those to whom we outsource aspects of our computer infrastructure critical to our business.

in the event that any of our systems, or those of our third-party providers, fail or operate slowly, it may cause any one or more of the following to occur:
·   unanticipated disruptions in service to our clients;

·   distribution of untimely or inaccurate market data to customers who rely on this data for their trades;

·   slower response times or delays in our clients' trade execution;

·   incomplete or inaccurate accounting, recording or processing of trades;

·   financial losses and liabilities to clients;

·   litigation or other claims against us, including formal complaints to industry regulatory organizations; and

·   regulatory inquiries, proceedings or sanctions.

any system failure that causes an interruption in service or decreases the responsiveness of our service, including failures caused by client error or misuse of our systems, could damage our reputation, business and brand name and lead our broker-dealer and institutional investor clients to decrease or cease their use of our electronic trading platform.
26
in these circumstances, our redundant systems and disaster recovery plans may not be adequate. similarly, although many of our contracts with our service providers require them to have disaster recovery plans, we cannot be certain that these will be adequate or implemented properly. in addition, our business interruption insurance may not adequately compensate us for losses that may occur.
it is also a risk that we will not have sufficient personnel to properly respond to all such system problems. we internally support and maintain many of our computer systems and networks, including those underlying our electronic trading platform. our failure to monitor or maintain these systems and networks or, if necessary, to find a replacement for this technology in a timely and cost-effective manner would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our systems and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to cybersecurity risks. if our security measures are breached and unauthorized access is obtained to our electronic trading platform, our business could suffer a material adverse effect.
our electronic trading platform involves the processing, storage and transmission of a very large number of transactions and data (including confidential client information). the secure storage and transmission of confidential information over public networks is a critical element of our operations. cyber attacks on our systems or the systems of our third-party service providers could expose us to a risk of misappropriation of this information, leading to litigation and possible liability. despite the defensive measures we have taken, these threats may come from external factors such as governments, organized crime, hackers, and other third parties such as outsource or infrastructure-support providers and application developers, or may originate internally from an employee or service provider to whom we have granted access to our computer systems. if our security measures are breached as a result of third-party action, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, and, as a result, someone obtains unauthorized access to trading or other confidential information, our reputation could be damaged, our business would suffer and we could incur material liability. any such breach could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage computer systems change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventive measures.
there have been an increasing number of malicious cyber incidents in recent years in various industries, including ours. any such cyber incident involving our computer systems and networks, or those of third parties important to our businesses, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. a cyber attack or security breach on our system or that of a third-party service provider could manifest in different ways and could lead to any number of harmful consequences, including but not limited to:
·   misappropriation of financial assets, intellectual property or sensitive information belonging to us, our clients or our third-party service providers;

·   corruption of data or causing operational disruption through computer viruses or phishing; and

·   denial of service attacks to prevent users from accessing our platform.

our remediation costs and lost revenues could be significant if we fall victim to a cyber attack. if an actual, threatened or perceived breach of our security occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed and could cause our broker-dealer and institutional investor clients to reduce or stop their use of our electronic trading platform. we may be required to expend significant resources to repair system damage, protect against the threat of future security breaches or to alleviate problems, including reputational harm, loss of clients and revenues and litigation, caused by any breaches. we may be found liable to our clients for any stolen assets or misappropriated confidential information. although we intend to continue to implement industry-standard security measures, we cannot assure you that those measures will be sufficient.
we may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights or technology effectively, which would allow competitors to duplicate or replicate our electronic trading platform. this could adversely affect our ability to compete.
intellectual property is critical to our success and ability to compete, and if we fail to protect our intellectual property rights adequately, our competitors might gain access to our technology. we rely primarily on a combination of patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws in the united states and other jurisdictions, as well as license agreements, third-party non-disclosure and other agreements and other contractual provisions and technical measures to protect our intellectual property rights. we attempt to negotiate beneficial intellectual property ownership provisions in our contracts and also require employees, consultants, advisors and collaborators to enter into confidentiality agreements in order to protect the confidentiality of our proprietary information. we have been issued 13 patents and have filed other patent applications covering aspects of our technology and/or business, but can give no assurances that any such patents will protect our business and processes from competition or that any patents applied for in the future will be issued. additionally, laws and our contractual terms may not be sufficient to protect our technology from use or theft by third parties. for instance, a third party might reverse engineer or otherwise obtain and use our technology without our permission and without our knowledge, thereby infringing our rights and allowing competitors to duplicate or replicate our products. furthermore, we
27
cannot assure you that these protections will be adequate to prevent our competitors from independently developing technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to our technology.
we may have legal or contractual rights that we could assert against illegal use of our intellectual property rights, but lawsuits claiming infringement or misappropriation are complex and expensive, and the outcome would not be certain. in addition, the laws of some countries in which we now or in the future provide our services may not protect software and intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the united states.
defending against intellectual property infringement or other claims could be expensive and disruptive to our business. if we are found to infringe the proprietary rights of others, we could be required to redesign our products, pay royalties or enter into license agreements with third parties.
in the technology industry, there is frequent litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. as the number of participants in our market increases and the number of patents and other intellectual property registrations increases, the possibility of an intellectual property claim against us grows. although we have never been the subject of a material intellectual property dispute, we cannot assure you that a third party will not assert in the future that our technology or the manner in which we operate our business violates its intellectual property rights. from time to time, in the ordinary course of our business, we may become subject to legal proceedings and claims relating to the intellectual property rights of others, and we expect that third parties may assert intellectual property claims against us, particularly as we expand the complexity and scope of our business, the number of electronic trading platforms increases and the functionality of these platforms further overlaps. any claims, whether with or without merit, could:
·   be expensive and time-consuming to defend;

·   prevent us from operating our business, or portions of our business;

·   cause us to cease developing, licensing or using all or any part of our electronic trading platform that incorporates the challenged intellectual property;

·   require us to redesign our products or services, which may not be feasible;

·   result in significant monetary liability;

·   divert management's attention and resources; and

·   require us to pay royalties or enter into licensing agreements in order to obtain the right to use necessary technologies, which may not be possible on commercially reasonable terms.

we cannot assure you that third parties will not assert infringement claims against us in the future with respect to our electronic trading platform or any of our other current or future products or services or that any such assertion will not require us to cease providing such services or products, try to redesign our products or services, enter into royalty arrangements, if available, or engage in litigation that could be costly to us. any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
if we acquire or invest in other businesses, products or technologies, we may be unable to integrate them with our business, our financial performance may be impaired or we may not realize the anticipated financial and strategic goals for any such transactions.
we have in the past and may in the future acquire or invest in companies, products or technologies that we believe are strategic. for example, we acquired xtrakter in february 2013. we may not be able to identify, negotiate or finance any future acquisition or investment successfully. even if we do succeed in acquiring or investing in a business, product or technology, such acquisitions and investments, including the xtrakter acquisition, may involve a number of risks, including:
·   we may find that the acquired company or assets do not further our business strategy, or that we overpaid for the company or assets, or the economic conditions underlying our acquisition decision may change;

·   we may have difficulty integrating the acquired technologies or products with our existing electronic trading platform, products and services;

·   we may have difficulty integrating the operations and personnel of the acquired business, or retaining the key personnel of the acquired business;

·   there may be client confusion if our services overlap with those of the acquired company and we may have difficulty retaining key customers, vendors and other business partners of the acquired business;

28
·   our ongoing business and management's attention may be disrupted or diverted by transition or integration issues and the complexity of managing geographically or culturally diverse enterprises;

·   entry into markets in which we have limited experience and where competitors hold stronger market positions;

·   potential failure of the due diligence processes to identify significant problems, liabilities or other challenges of an acquired company or product; and

·   exposure to litigation or other claims in connection with, or inheritance of claims or litigation risk as a result of, an acquisition, including but not limited to, claims from terminated employees, customers, former stockholders or other third parties.

these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, particularly in the case of a larger acquisition or multiple acquisitions in a short period of time. from time to time, we may enter into negotiations for acquisitions or investments that are not ultimately consummated. such negotiations could result in significant diversion of management time, as well as out-of-pocket costs.
the consideration paid in connection with an investment or acquisition also affects our financial results. if we were to proceed with one or more significant acquisitions in which the consideration included cash, we could be required to use a substantial portion of our available cash to consummate any acquisition. to the extent we issue shares of capital stock or other rights to purchase capital stock, including options or other rights, existing stockholders may be diluted and earnings per share may decrease. in addition, acquisitions may result in the incurrence of debt, large one-time write-offs, such as of acquired in-process research and development costs, and restructuring charges.
our investments in expanding our information and post-trade services businesses may not produce substantial revenue or profit.
with respect to our information and post-trade services businesses, we may incur substantial development, sales and marketing expenses and expend significant management effort to create a new product or service. even after incurring these costs, we ultimately may not sell any or sell only small amounts of these products or services. consequently, if revenue does not increase in a timely fashion as a result of these expansion and development initiatives, the up-front costs associated with them may exceed the related revenue and reduce our working capital and income.
we may be required to recognize impairments of our goodwill or other intangible assets, which could adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition.
the determination of the value of goodwill and other intangible assets requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect our consolidated financial statements. we test for impairment of goodwill on an annual basis, at year-end, or more frequently if there are changed circumstances. we assess intangible assets for impairment when events or circumstances indicate the existence of a possible impairment.
determining the fair value of certain assets acquired and liabilities assumed is judgmental in nature and requires management to use significant estimates and assumptions, including assumptions with respect to future cash flows, discount rates, growth rates and asset lives. any future acquisition may result in goodwill and other intangible assets that are subject to impairment tests, which could result in future impairment charges.
we are dependent on our management team, and the loss of any key member of this team may prevent us from implementing our business plan in a timely manner.
our success depends largely upon the continued services of our executive officers and other key personnel, particularly richard m. mcvey, chief executive officer and chairman of our board of directors. the terms of mr. mcvey's employment agreement with us do not require him to continue to work for us and allow him to terminate his employment at any time, subject to certain notice requirements and forfeiture of non-vested equity compensation awards. any loss or interruption of mr. mcvey's services or that of one or more of our other executive officers or key personnel could result in our inability to manage our operations effectively and/or pursue our business strategy.
because competition for our employees is intense, we may not be able to attract and retain the highly skilled employees we need to support our business.
we strive to provide high-quality services that will allow us to establish and maintain long-term relationships with our broker-dealer and institutional investor clients. our ability to provide these services and maintain these relationships, as well as our ability to execute our business plan generally, depends in large part upon our employees. we must attract and retain highly qualified personnel.
29
competition for these personnel is intense, especially for software engineers with extensive experience in designing and developing software and internet-related services, hardware engineers, technicians, product managers and senior sales executives.
the market for qualified personnel is increasingly competitive as the financial industry continues to recover from, and evolve following, the financial crisis and as electronic commerce continues to experience strong growth. many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater resources than we have and are longer established in the marketplace. in addition, in making employment decisions, particularly in the internet, high-technology and financial services industries, job candidates often consider the total compensation package offered, including the value of the stock-based compensation they are to receive in connection with their employment. significant volatility in the price of our common stock may adversely affect our ability to attract or retain key employees. the expensing of stock-based compensation may discourage us from granting the size or type of stock-based compensation that job candidates may require to join our company.
we cannot assure you that we will be successful in our efforts to recruit and retain the required personnel. the failure to attract new personnel or to retain and motivate our current personnel may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we operate in a highly regulated industry and we may face restrictions with respect to the way we conduct certain of our operations.
our business is subject to increasingly extensive governmental and other regulations.  these regulations are designed to protect public interests generally rather than the interests of our stockholders. the sec, finra, the cftc and other agencies extensively regulate the united states financial services industry, including most of our operations in the united states. much of our international operations are subject to similar regulations in their respective jurisdictions, including regulations overseen by the fca in the united kingdom, the monetary authority of singapore, the investment industry regulatory organization of canada and provincial regulators in canada, the securities and exchange commission and central bank in brazil, and the swiss financial market supervisory authority in switzerland.  in addition, xtrakter is registered as an arm with the fca and has "recognized status" in france, the netherlands and belgium in connection with the submission of transaction reports to regulators.
as a matter of public policy, these regulatory bodies are responsible for safeguarding the integrity of the securities and other financial markets and protecting the interests of investors in those markets. these regulatory bodies have broad powers to promulgate and interpret, investigate and sanction non-compliance with their laws, rules and regulations.
most aspects of our broker-dealer subsidiaries are highly regulated, including:
·   the way we deal with our clients;

·   our capital requirements;

·   our financial and regulatory reporting practices;

·   required record-keeping and record retention procedures;

·   the licensing of our employees; and

·   the conduct of our directors, officers, employees and affiliates.

we cannot assure you that we and/or our directors, officers and employees will be able to fully comply with these laws, rules and regulations. if we fail to comply with any of these laws, rules or regulations, we may be subject to censure, fines, cease-and-desist orders, suspension of our business, suspensions of personnel or other sanctions, including revocation of our membership in finra and registration as a broker-dealer.
marketaxess corporation and marketaxess europe limited are subject to u.s. and u.k. regulations as a registered broker-dealer and as a mtf, respectively, which prohibit repayment of borrowings from the company or affiliates, paying cash dividends, making loans to the company or affiliates or otherwise entering into transactions that result in a significant reduction in regulatory net capital or financial resources, without prior notification to or approval from such subsidiary's principal regulator. marketaxess sef corporation has received temporary registration from the cftc to operate a sef and is required, among other things, to maintain sufficient financial resources to cover operating costs for at least one year.
our authority to operate as a broker-dealer in a jurisdiction is dependent on continued registration or authorization in that jurisdiction or the maintenance of a proper exemption from such registration or authorization. our ability to comply with all applicable laws and rules is largely dependent on our compliance, credit approval, audit and reporting systems and procedures, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified compliance, credit approval, audit and risk management personnel. our systems and procedures
30
may not be sufficiently effective to prevent a violation of all applicable rules and regulations. in addition, the growth and expansion of our business may create additional strain on our compliance systems, procedures and personnel and has resulted, and we expect will continue to result, in increased costs to maintain and improve these systems.
in addition, because our industry is heavily regulated, regulatory approval may be required in order to continue or expand our business activities and we may not be able to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals on a timely basis, if at all. even if approvals are obtained, they may impose restrictions on our business or we may not be able to continue to comply with the terms of the approvals or applicable regulations. the implementation of unfavorable regulations or unfavorable interpretations of existing regulations by courts or regulatory bodies could require us to incur significant compliance costs or cause the development or continuation of business activities in affected markets to become impractical. for a further description of the regulations which may limit our activities, see "item 1-business-government regulation."
some of our subsidiaries are subject to regulations regarding changes in control of their ownership. these regulations generally provide that regulatory approval must be obtained in connection with any transaction resulting in a change in control of the subsidiary, which may include changes in control of marketaxess. as a result of these regulations, our future efforts to sell shares or raise additional capital may be delayed or prohibited in circumstances in which such a transaction would give rise to a change in control as defined by the applicable regulatory body.
our business and the trading businesses of many of our clients are subject to increasingly extensive government and other regulation, which may affect our trading volumes and increase our cost of doing business.
the financial services industry, in general, is heavily regulated. proposals for legislation further regulating the financial services industry are continually being introduced in the united states congress, in state legislatures and by foreign governments. the government agencies that regulate us continuously review legislative and regulatory initiatives, may adopt new or revised laws and regulations and have broad powers to investigate and enforce compliance and punish noncompliance with their rules, regulations and industry standards of practice. in light of recent conditions in the global financial markets and economy, regulators have increased their focus on the regulation of the financial services industry. we are unable to predict which of these proposals will be implemented or in what form, or whether any additional or similar changes to statutes or regulations, including the interpretation or implementation thereof, will occur in the future. any such action could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our business and that of our clients are also affected by the policies adopted by the federal reserve and international central banking authorities, which may affect the credit quality of our customers or increase the cost for our customers to trade the instruments on our platform. in addition, such changes in monetary policy may directly impact our cost of funds for capital raising and investment activities and may impact the value of financial instruments we hold. changes in domestic and international monetary policy are beyond our control and are difficult to predict.
in addition, following the global financial crisis and other recent events in the financial industry, governments and regulators in both the united states and europe have called for increased regulation and transparency in the otc markets. as a result, the dodd-frank act was signed into law in 2010. among the most significant aspects of the derivatives section of the dodd-frank act are mandatory clearing of swaps through regulated central clearing organizations and mandatory trading of those swaps through either regulated exchanges or sefs, in each case, subject to certain key exceptions. marketaxess sef corporation has received temporary registration from the cftc to operate a sef for credit derivative indices and options, and we currently anticipate that we will register with the sec and operate a security-based sef when the sec finalizes the rules that will govern the execution of single-name credit derivatives. no assurance can be given regarding when, whether or in what form the remaining rules regarding the new regulatory regime for the swaps marketplace will be finalized or implemented or whether we will be able to operate a sef or security-based sef that can successfully compete for the credit derivative execution business of our clients. in addition, we have incurred significant costs to comply with the new regulatory requirements of the dodd-frank act and we cannot assure you that the additional costs associated with the registration and operation of a sef and security-based sef will not exceed our expected revenues or that our financial condition and results of operations will not be adversely affected.
similar to the u.s., regulatory bodies in europe are developing new rules for the fixed-income markets. in june 2014, the final texts of mifid ii and mifir were published in the official journal of the european union.  a large amount of implementation work is left to be completed and the rules of mifid ii and mifir will not take effect for 30 months after publication, or until january 2017. mifid ii introduces changes in market structure designed: (i) to enhance pre- and post-trade transparency for fixed income instruments with the scope of requirements calibrated for liquidity, (ii) increase and enhance post-trade reporting obligations with a requirement to submit post-trade data to arms, (iii) ensure trading of certain derivatives occurs on regulated trading venues and (iv) establish a consolidated tape for trade data.  while the broad framework of mifid ii is known, we believe that it is too early for there to be clarity on the specific aspects of the proposals which may directly impact our businesses, such as the new transparency regime for fixed-income instruments, as some rules and technical advice have not yet been finalized. the final rules may have an adverse
31
effect on our operations or our ability to provide our electronic trading platform in a manner that can successfully compete against other types of regulated and non-regulated venues for the fixed-income trading needs of our clients. in addition, mifid ii is expected to increase the regulatory obligations and costs of our post-trade reporting and matching businesses. we cannot predict the extent to which any of these new regulations or future regulatory changes will impact our european business and operations, but they may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
any changes in laws or regulations or in governmental policies could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. our industry has been and is subject to continuous regulatory changes and may become subject to new regulations or changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing regulations, which could require us to incur significant compliance costs or cause the development and growth of impacted markets to become impractical. for example, the volcker rule section of the dodd-frank act bans proprietary trading by banks and their affiliates, which could adversely affect our bank-affiliated broker-dealer clients' ability to make markets in a variety of fixed-income securities, thereby negatively impacting the level of liquidity and pricing available on our trading platform. other regulatory initiatives include basel iii, a global regulatory standard on bank capital adequacy designed to strengthen bank capital requirements and liquidity in most of the world's major economies by 2019. the implementation of these rules could restrict the ability of our large bank and broker-dealer customers to raise additional capital and liquidity. as a result, their businesses could be adversely affected, which might cause them to trade less on our platform. in addition, as we expand our business into new markets, it is likely that we will be subject to additional laws, rules and regulations. we cannot predict the extent to which any future regulatory changes may adversely affect our business and operations.
our disclosed trading system has not been subjected to regulation as an alternative trading system under regulation ats. a determination by the sec to treat our trading platform as an alternative trading system subject to regulation ats would subject us to additional reporting obligations and other limitations on the conduct of our business, many of which could be material. currently, our central limit order book trading service for single-name credit derivatives and our mid-x matching service for corporate bonds are regulated as alternative trading systems subject to regulation ats.
the activities and consequences described above may result in significant distractions to our management and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we may face increasing economic and regulatory challenges in our growing international operations that we may not be able to meet in the future.
we operate an electronic trading platform in europe and may further expand our operations throughout europe and other regions. there are certain risks inherent in doing business in international markets, particularly in the financial services industry, which is heavily regulated in many jurisdictions. these risks include:
·   less developed technological infrastructures and generally higher costs, which could result in lower client acceptance of our services or clients having difficulty accessing our trading platform;

·   difficulty in obtaining the necessary regulatory approvals for planned expansion, if at all, and the possibility that any approvals that are obtained may impose restrictions on the operation of our business;

·   the inability to manage and coordinate the various regulatory requirements of multiple jurisdictions that are constantly evolving and subject to unexpected change;

·   difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations;

·   fluctuations in exchange rates;

·   reduced or no protection for intellectual property rights;

·   seasonal reductions in business activity; and

·   potentially adverse tax consequences.

our international operations are also subject to the legal, economic and market risks associated with geopolitical uncertainties in other regions of the world, including but not limited to the risk of war, inter and intra national conflict, economic crises and terrorism.
in addition, we must comply with the laws, regulations and registration rules of the fca in the u.k. and foreign governments and regulatory bodies for each country in which we conduct business. similar to the u.s., regulatory bodies in europe have approved the final texts of mifid ii and mifir, which will enter into effect in january 2017. we cannot predict the extent to which any of these new regulations or future regulatory changes may impact our european business and operations, but they may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
32
we cannot predict what future actions the u.s., u.k. and other regulatory bodies might take, or the impact that any such actions may have on our business. our compliance with these changing laws and regulations may be costly and time-consuming and may have a material adverse effect on our clients' trading activities on our platform.
further, we may face unexpected challenges in our international operations due to global competitors, established local markets, and economic and political instability. our inability to manage these risks effectively could adversely affect our business and limit our ability to expand our international operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
extensive regulation of our businesses results in ongoing exposure to potential significant costs and penalties.
our businesses are subject to regulation by governmental and self-regulatory organizations in the jurisdictions in which we operate around the world. many of these regulators, including u.s. and non-u.s. government agencies and self-regulatory organizations, as well as state securities commissions in the u.s., are empowered to bring enforcement actions and to conduct administrative proceedings and examinations, inspections, and investigations, which may result in costs, penalties, fines, enhanced oversight, additional requirements, restrictions, or limitations, and censure, suspension, or expulsion. self-regulatory organizations such as finra and the national futures association ("nfa"), along with statutory bodies such as the sec, the cftc, finra, and the fca, and other international regulators, require strict compliance with their rules and regulations.
firms in the financial services industry have experienced increased scrutiny in recent years, and penalties, fines and other sanctions sought by regulatory authorities, including the sec, the cftc, finra, the nfa, state securities commissions and state attorneys general in the u.s., and the fca in the u.k. and other international regulators, have increased accordingly. this trend toward a heightened regulatory and enforcement environment can be expected to continue for the foreseeable future, and this environment may create uncertainty. accordingly, we face the risk of regulatory intervention, investigations and proceedings, any of which could involve extensive scrutiny of our activities and result in significant fines and liability. any of these developments would require significant time and financial resources and could adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and operating results.
we cannot assure you that our compliance and risk management methods will be effective and our financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected if they fail.
to manage the risks inherent in our business, we must maintain effective policies, procedures and systems that enable us to identify, monitor and control our exposure to financial, legal, regulatory, operational and market risks. our risk-management methods are based on internally developed controls, observed historical market behavior and what we believe to be industry practices. our risk-management methods may prove to be ineffective because of their design, their implementation or the lack of adequate, accurate or timely information. our risk management methods may also fail to identify a risk or understand a risk that might result in losses. if our risk-management policies and efforts are ineffective, we could suffer losses that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results.
we must rely upon our analysis of information regarding markets, personnel, clients or other matters that is publicly available or otherwise accessible to us. that information may not in all cases be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly analyzed. furthermore, we rely on a combination of technical and human controls and supervision that are subject to error and potential failure, the challenges of which are exacerbated by the 24-hour-a-day, global nature of our business.
our success in complying with complex and changing laws and navigating risks in various jurisdictions and markets depends on our maintenance of compliance, auditing and reporting systems and risk management procedures, as well as our ability to recruit and retain qualified compliance and risk management personnel. while we have developed policies and procedures to identify, monitor and manage our legal, regulatory, operational and market risks, we cannot assure you that our systems will always be effective in monitoring or evaluating the risks to which we are exposed.
our growth initiatives may place significant strain on management and other resources.
we have significantly expanded our business activities and operations over the last several years. continued growth, both domestic and international, will require further investment in management and new personnel, infrastructure and compliance systems. the expansion of our international operations involves risks that may have an adverse effect on our business and operations, such as the challenge of effectively managing and staffing our international operations, complying with increased and varied regulatory requirements and entering new markets. in particular, we may not be successful in implementing all of the necessary processes to support and manage the xtrakter acquisition. for a detailed discussion of the risks associated with our acquisition of xtrakter, see the risk factor captioned "if we acquire or invest in other businesses, products or technologies, we may be unable to integrate them with our business, our financial performance may be impaired or we may not realize the anticipated financial and strategic goals for any such transactions."
33
we may not be able to manage our growth efficiently, which could result in our expansion costs increasing at a faster rate than our revenues and distracting management from our core business and operations. if we cannot successfully implement the necessary processes to support and manage new initiatives, our business, financial condition and results of operations may suffer.
in the event of employee error or misconduct, our business may be harmed.
employee misconduct or error could expose us to significant liability, financial losses, regulatory sanctions and reputational harm. over the past few years, there have been several high-profile cases involving fraud or misconduct by employees of financial services firms. our employees could carry out improper activities on behalf of our clients, or use proprietary client or company information for personal or other improper or illegal uses. employee errors also expose us to the risk of material loss until such errors are detected and unauthorized transactions or improper activities are reversed.
errors and misconduct by our current or former employees could cause us to suffer financial losses, regulatory sanctions and reputational harm. the precautions we take to monitor and prevent employee errors and misconduct may not be effective in all cases.
we cannot predict our future capital needs or our ability to obtain additional financing if we need it.
our business is dependent upon the availability of adequate funding and regulatory capital under applicable regulatory requirements. although we believe that our available cash resources and borrowing capacity under our credit facility are sufficient to meet our presently anticipated liquidity needs and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next 12 months, we may in the future need to raise additional funds to, among other things:
·   support more rapid growth of our business;

·   develop new or enhanced services and products;

·   fund operating losses;

·   respond to competitive pressures;

·   acquire complementary companies or technologies;

·   enter into strategic alliances;

·   increase the regulatory net capital necessary to support our operations; or

·   respond to unanticipated or changing capital requirements.

the growth of our open tradingtm protocols, in particular, is dependent on the willingness of our customers and counterparties to engage in transactions with us and any perceived issues with our capital levels or access to funding could have a material adverse effect on business. in addition, our liquidity could be impaired due to circumstances that we may be unable to control, such as a general market disruption or an operational problem that affects our trading customers or counterparties, other third parties or us.
all or part of any debt financing would likely be pursuant to the terms of our credit agreement with jpmorgan chase & co., which includes restrictive covenants with respect to dividends, issuances of additional capital and other financial and operational matters related to our business. for a detailed discussion of the risks associated with our credit agreement, see the risk factor captioned "our credit agreement contains restrictive and financial covenants that could limit our operating flexibility, and we may incur additional debt in the future that may include similar or additional restrictions."
in the future, we may not be able to obtain additional financing, if needed, in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. if sufficient funds are not available or are not available on terms acceptable to us, our ability to fund our expansion, take advantage of acquisition opportunities, develop or enhance our services or products, or otherwise respond to competitive pressures would be significantly limited. these limitations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
34
our credit agreement contains restrictive and financial covenants that could limit our operating flexibility, and we may incur additional debt in the future that may include similar or additional restrictions.
we are party to a credit agreement with jpmorgan chase & co. that provides for revolving loans and letters of credit up to an aggregate of $50.0 million. subject to satisfaction of certain specified conditions, we are permitted to upsize the credit agreement by an additional $50.0 million. our credit agreement contains certain covenants that, among other things, restrict our ability to take certain actions, even if we believe them to be in our best interests. these covenants restrict or prohibit, among other things, our ability to:
·   incur or guarantee additional debt;

·   create or incur liens;

·   change our line of business;

·   sell or transfer assets;

·   make certain investments or acquisitions;

·   pay dividends or distributions, redeem or repurchase our equity or make certain other restricted payments;

·   consummate a merger or consolidation;

·   enter into certain swap, derivative or similar transactions;

·   enter into certain transactions with affiliates; and

·   incur restrictions on our ability to grant liens or, in the case of subsidiaries, pay dividends or other distributions.

we are also required by our credit agreement to maintain a maximum consolidated leverage ratio and a minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio. we cannot assure you that we will be able to meet these requirements or satisfy these covenants in the future. a breach of any of these covenants or the inability to comply with the required financial covenants could result in an event of default under the credit agreement. if any such event of default occurs, the lender under the credit agreement could elect to declare all amounts outstanding and accrued and unpaid interest under the credit agreement to be immediately due and payable, and could foreclose on the assets securing the credit agreement. the lender would also have the right in these circumstances to terminate any commitments it has to provide further credit extensions. we may incur other indebtedness in the future that may contain financial or other covenants more restrictive than those applicable to the credit agreement.
we are subject to the risks of litigation and securities laws liability.
many aspects of our business, and the businesses of our clients, involve substantial risks of liability. dissatisfied clients may make claims regarding quality of trade execution, improperly settled trades, mismanagement or even fraud against their service providers. we and our clients may become subject to these claims as the result of delays, failures or malfunctions of our electronic trading platform and services provided by us. we could incur significant legal expenses defending claims, even those without merit. an adverse resolution of any lawsuits or claims against us could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
if the use of electronic trading platforms does not increase, we may not be able to achieve our business objectives.
the success of our business plan depends in part on our ability to create an electronic trading platform for a wide range of fixed-income products and trade sizes. historically, fixed-income securities markets operated through telephone communications between institutional investors and broker-dealers. the utilization of our products and services depends on the acceptance, adoption and growth of electronic means of trading securities, including for larger size trades. we cannot assure you that the growth and acceptance of electronic means of trading securities will continue.
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may adversely affect our financial results.
we conduct operations in several different countries, including the u.s. and the u.k., and substantial portions of our revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities are denominated in u.s. dollars, pounds sterling and euros. since our consolidated financial statements are presented in u.s. dollars, we must translate revenues, income and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities, into u.s. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. accordingly, increases or decreases in the value of the u.s. dollar against the other currencies will affect our net operating revenues, operating income and the value of balance sheet items denominated in foreign currencies.
35
although we have entered into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge the exposure to variability in certain foreign currency cash flows and may enter into additional hedging transactions in the future to help mitigate our foreign exchange risk exposure, these hedging arrangements may not be effective, particularly in the event of inaccurate forecasts of the levels of our non-u.s. denominated assets and liabilities. accordingly, if there are adverse movements in exchange rates, we may suffer significant losses, which would adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
as a public company, we are subject to certain financial and corporate governance requirements that may be difficult for us to satisfy and may divert management's attention from our business.
we are subject to the requirements of section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 ("sox") and the related sec rules and regulations that call for our management to conduct an annual assessment and report on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. our independent registered public accounting firm must also issue an annual report addressing the operating effectiveness of the company's internal controls over financial reporting.
while our internal controls over financial reporting currently meet the standards set forth in sox, failure to maintain an effective internal control environment could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. we cannot be certain of our ability to continue to comply with the requirements of sox. if we are unable to continue to comply with the requirements of sox in an efficient manner, we may be subject to regulatory action. in addition, in the event that we identify a material weakness, there can be no assurance that we would be able to remediate such material weakness in an efficient manner. moreover, if we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective in any future period (or if our auditors are unable to issue an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal controls), we could suffer reputational harm and incur significant expenses to restructure our internal controls over financial reporting, which may have a material adverse effect on us.
risks related to our common stock market volatility and future sales of our shares by significant stockholders may cause our stock price and the value of your investment to decline.
the market price of our common stock may be significantly affected by volatility in the markets in general. the market price of our common stock likely will continue to fluctuate in response to factors including the following:
·   the other risk factors described in this annual report on form 10-k;

·   prevailing interest rates;

·   the market for similar securities;

·   additional issuances of common stock;

·   general economic conditions; and

·   our financial condition, performance and prospects, including our ability or inability to meet analyst expectations.

most of these factors are beyond our control. in addition, the stock markets in general, including the nasdaq global select market, have experienced and continue to experience significant price and volume fluctuations. these fluctuations have resulted in volatility in the market prices of securities for companies such as ours that often has been unrelated or disproportionate to changes in the operating performance of the affected companies. these broad market and industry fluctuations may affect adversely the market price of our common stock regardless of our operating performance.
in addition, future sales of our common stock, or the perception of potential future sales, may adversely impact the market price of our common stock. if any one or more of our existing stockholders were to sell a large number of shares, the market price of our common stock could be negatively affected. also, if we issue a large number of shares of our common stock in connection with a public offering, future acquisition, strategic alliance, third-party investment and private placement or otherwise, the market price of our common stock could decline considerably. furthermore, our stockholders may be diluted by such future sales.
we may not pay dividends on our common stock in the future.
we initiated a regular quarterly dividend on our common stock in 2009. however, there is no assurance that we will continue to pay any dividends to holders of our common stock in the future. if we were to cease paying dividends, investors would need to rely on the sale of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investment.
36
if securities analysts do not publish research or reports about our business or if they downgrade our common stock, the price of our common stock could decline.
the trading market for our common stock relies in part on the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us or our business. these analysts work independently of us. if one or more analysts who cover us downgrade our stock, our stock price could decline rapidly. if one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company, we could lose visibility in the market, which in turn could cause our stock price to decline.
provisions in our organizational documents and delaware law might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of our company or changes in our management, and therefore, depress the trading price of our common stock.
provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may make it substantially more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us and may prevent changes in our management, including provisions that:
·   prevent stockholders from calling special meetings;

·   allow the directors to amend the bylaws without stockholder approval; and

·   set forth advance notice procedures for nominating directors and submitting proposals for consideration at stockholders' meetings.

provisions of delaware law may also inhibit potential acquisition bids for us or prevent us from engaging in business combinations. in addition, we have a severance agreement with one employee and a change of control severance plan that could require an acquirer to pay a higher price. either collectively or individually, these provisions may prevent holders of our common stock from benefiting from what they may believe are the positive aspects of acquisitions and takeovers, including the potential realization of a higher rate of return on their investment from these types of transactions.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
you should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with "selected financial data" and our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. in addition to historical information, this discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements relating to future events and the future performance of marketaxess that are based on our current expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections about us and our industry. these forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties. our actual results and timing of various events could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements as a result of a variety of factors, as more fully described in this section, in "item 1a. - risk factors" and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. we undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason, even if new information becomes available or other events occur in the future.
executive overview marketaxess operates a leading electronic trading platform that enables fixed-income market participants to efficiently trade corporate bonds and other types of fixed-income instruments using our patented trading technology. our over 1,000 active participant firms include broker-dealer clients, investment advisers, mutual funds, insurance companies, public and private pension funds, bank portfolios and hedge funds. our approximately 90 broker-dealer market-maker clients provide liquidity on the platform and include most of the leading broker-dealers in global fixed-income trading. we also execute certain bond transactions between and among institutional investor and broker-dealer clients on a matched principal (often called "riskless principal") basis by serving as counterparty to both the buyer and the seller in trades which then settle through a third-party clearing broker. we provide fixed-income market data, analytics and compliance tools that help our clients make trading decisions. we also provide trade matching and regulatory transaction reporting services to the securities markets. in addition, we provide technology solutions and professional consulting services to fixed-income industry participants.
our multi-dealer trading platform allows our institutional investor clients to simultaneously request competing, executable bids or offers from our broker-dealer clients and execute trades with the broker-dealer of their choice from among those that choose to respond. we offer our broker-dealer clients a solution that enables them to efficiently reach our institutional investor clients for the distribution and trading of bonds. our trading platform provides access to global liquidity in u.s. high-grade corporate bonds, emerging markets and high-yield bonds, european bonds, u.s. agency bonds, credit derivatives and other fixed-income securities.
through our open tradingtm initiative, we have designed a series of protocols to allow our broker-dealers and institutional investor clients to interact in an all-to-all trading environment.  these innovative technology solutions are designed to increase the number of potential trading counterparties on our electronic trading platform and create a menu of solutions to address different trade sizes and bond liquidity characteristics.
the majority of our revenues are derived from commissions for trades executed on our platform and distribution fees that are billed to our broker-dealer clients on a monthly basis. we also derive revenues from information and post-trade services, technology products and services, investment income and other income. our expenses consist of employee compensation and benefits, depreciation and amortization, technology and communication expenses, professional and consulting fees, occupancy, marketing and advertising and other general and administrative expenses.
our objective is to provide the leading global electronic trading platform for fixed-income securities, connecting broker-dealers and institutional investors more easily and efficiently, while offering a broad array of information, trading and technology services to market participants across the trading cycle. the key elements of our strategy are:
·   to innovate and efficiently add new functionality and product offerings to the marketaxess platform that we believe will help to increase our market share with existing clients, as well as to expand our client base;

·   to leverage our existing client network and technology to increase the number of potential counterparties and improve liquidity by developing and deploying a wide range of electronic trading protocols to complement our traditional request-for-quote model and allowing broker-dealers and institutional investors to interact in an all-to-all trading environment;

·   to leverage our existing technology and client relationships to deploy our electronic trading platform into additional product segments within the fixed-income securities markets and deliver fixed-income securities-related technical services and products;

·   to continue building our existing service offerings so that our electronic trading platform is more fully integrated into the workflow of our broker-dealer and institutional investor clients and to continue to add functionality to allow our clients to achieve a fully automated end-to-end straight-through processing solution (automation from trade initiation to settlement);

·   to add new content and analytical capabilities to corporate bondtickertm and expand the data service offering provided by xtrakter limited ("xtrakter") to improve the value of the information we provide to our clients; and

·   to continue to increase and supplement our internal growth by entering into strategic alliances, or acquiring businesses or technologies that will enable us to enter new markets, provide new products or services, or otherwise enhance the value of our platform to our clients. for example, the acquisition of xtrakter in february 2013 provided us with an expanded set of technology solutions ahead of incoming pre- and post-trade transparency mandates from the markets in financial

43
instruments directive ii ("mifid ii") in europe. in april 2013, we entered into a strategic alliance with blackrock, inc. ("blackrock") to create a unified, open trading solution designed to help reduce liquidity fragmentation and improve pricing across u.s. cash credit markets. in january 2015, we expanded this alliance with blackrock to include european cash credit markets.

critical factors affecting our industry and our company economic, political and market factors the global fixed-income securities industry is risky and volatile and is directly affected by a number of economic, political and market factors that may result in declining trading volume. these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. these factors include, among others, credit market conditions, the current interest rate environment, including the volatility of interest rates and investors' forecasts of future interest rates, economic and political conditions in the united states, europe and elsewhere, and the consolidation or contraction of our broker-dealer clients.
competitive landscape the global fixed-income securities industry generally, and the electronic financial services markets in which we engage in particular, are highly competitive, and we expect competition to intensify in the future. sources of competition for us will continue to include, among others, bond trading conducted directly between broker-dealers and their institutional investor clients over the telephone or electronically and other multi-dealer trading companies. competitors, including companies in which some of our broker-dealer clients have invested, have developed or acquired electronic trading platforms or have announced their intention to explore the development of electronic platforms that may compete with us.
in general, we compete on the basis of a number of key factors, including, among others, the liquidity provided on our platform, the magnitude and frequency of price improvement enabled by our platform and the quality and speed of execution. we believe that our ability to grow volumes and revenues will largely depend on our performance with respect to these factors.
our competitive position is also enhanced by the familiarity and integration of our broker-dealer and institutional investor clients with our electronic trading platform and other systems. we have focused on the unique aspects of the credit markets we serve in the development of our platform, working closely with our clients to provide a system that is suited to their needs.
regulatory environment our industry has been and is subject to continuous regulatory changes and may become subject to new regulations or changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing regulations, which could require us to incur significant costs.
following the global financial crisis and other recent events in the financial industry, governments and regulators in both the united states and europe have called for increased regulation and transparency in the over-the-counter markets. as a result, the dodd-frank act was signed into law in july 2010. among the most significant aspects of the derivatives section of the dodd-frank act are mandatory clearing of many credit derivative instruments through regulated central clearing organizations and mandatory trading of those instruments through either regulated exchanges or swap execution facilities ("sefs"), in each case, subject to certain key exceptions. in september 2013, the u.s. commodity futures trading commission ("cftc") granted temporary registration to marketaxess sef corporation, our wholly-owned u.s. subsidiary, to operate a sef for the trading of swaps subject to the cftc's jurisdiction. the cftc's rules relating to the trading of swaps on sefs were implemented in october 2013 and, in february 2014, certain credit derivatives became subject to the cftc's 'made available for trade' determination and were thereafter required to be executed on a sef or designated contract market. the securities and exchange commission ("sec") has not yet finalized its rules for security-based sefs, nor has it published a timetable for the finalization and implementation of such rules. no assurance can be given regarding when, whether or in what form the remaining rules regarding the new regulatory regime for the swaps marketplace will be finalized or implemented.
various rules promulgated since the financial crisis could adversely affect our bank-affiliated broker-dealer clients' ability to make markets in a variety of fixed-income securities, thereby negatively impacting the level of liquidity and pricing available on our trading platform. for example, the volcker rule promulgated under the dodd-frank act bans proprietary trading by banks and their affiliates. in addition, enhanced leverage ratios applicable to large banking organizations in the u.s. and europe require such organizations to strengthen their balance sheets and may limit their ability or willingness to make markets on our trading platform. we cannot predict the extent to which these rules or any future regulatory changes may adversely affect our business and operations.
similar to the u.s., regulatory bodies in europe are developing new rules for the fixed-income markets. in june 2014, the final texts of mifid ii and markets in financial instruments regulation ("mifir") were published in the official journal of the european
44
union.  a large amount of implementation work is left to be completed and the rules of mifid ii and mifir will not take effect for 30 months after publication, or until january 2017. mifid ii introduces changes in market structure designed: (i) to enhance pre- and post-trade transparency for fixed income instruments with the scope of requirements calibrated for liquidity, (ii) increase and enhance post-trade reporting obligations with a requirement to submit post-trade data to approved reporting mechanisms, (iii) ensure trading of certain derivatives occurs on regulated trading venues and (iv) establish a consolidated tape for trade data. we cannot predict the extent to which any of these new regulations or future regulatory changes will impact our european business and operations.
rapid technological changes we must continue to enhance and improve our electronic trading platform. the electronic financial services industry is characterized by increasingly complex systems and infrastructures and new business models. our future success will depend on our ability to enhance our existing products and services, develop and/or license new products and technologies that address the increasingly sophisticated and varied needs of our existing and prospective broker-dealer and institutional investor clients and respond to technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices on a cost-effective and timely basis. we have been issued 13 patents covering our most significant trading protocols and other aspects of our trading system technology.
trends in our business the majority of our revenues are derived from commissions for transactions executed on our platform between our institutional investor and broker-dealer clients and monthly distribution fees. we believe that there are five key variables that impact the notional value of such transactions on our platform and the amount of commissions and distribution fees earned by us:
·   the number of participants on our platform and their willingness to originate transactions through the platform;

·   the number of broker-dealer clients on the platform and the frequency and competitiveness of the price responses they provide on our platform;

·   the number of markets for which we make trading available to our clients;

·   the overall level of activity in these markets; and

·   the level of commissions that we collect for trades executed through the platform.

we believe that overall corporate bond market trading volume is affected by various factors including the absolute levels of interest rates, the direction of interest rate movements, the level of new issues of corporate bonds and the volatility of corporate bond spreads versus u.s. treasury securities. because a significant percentage of our revenue is tied directly to the volume of securities traded on our platform, it is likely that a general decline in trading volumes, regardless of the cause of such decline, would reduce our revenues and have a significant negative impact on profitability.
commission revenue commissions are generally calculated as a percentage of the notional dollar volume of bonds traded on our platform and vary based on the type, size, yield and maturity of the bond traded. under our transaction fee plans, bonds that are more actively traded or that have shorter maturities are generally charged lower commissions, while bonds that are less actively traded or that have longer maturities generally command higher commissions.
u.s. high-grade corporate bond commissions. our u.s. high-grade corporate bond fee plans generally incorporate variable transaction fees and distribution fees billed to our broker-dealer clients on a monthly basis. certain dealers participate in fee programs that do not contain monthly distribution fees and instead incorporate additional per transaction execution fees and minimum monthly fee commitments. under the fee plans, we electronically add the transaction fee to the spread quoted by the broker-dealer client. the u.s. high-grade transaction fee is generally designated in basis points in yield and, as a result, is subject to fluctuation depending on the duration of the bond traded. the average u.s. high-grade fees per million may vary in the future due to changes in yield, years-to-maturity and nominal size of bonds traded on our platform.
other credit commissions. other credit includes emerging markets bonds, high-yield bonds, eurobonds and structured products bonds. commissions for other credit products generally vary based on the type of the instrument traded using standard fee schedules. similar to the u.s. high-grade plans, our european fee plans generally incorporate monthly distribution fees, as well as variable transaction fees.
liquid products commissions. liquid products includes u.s. agency, european government bonds and credit derivatives. commissions for liquid products generally vary based on the type of the instrument traded using standard fee schedules.
45
for trades that we execute between and among institutional investor and broker-dealer clients on a matched principal basis by serving as counterparty to both the buyer and the seller, we earn our commission through the difference in price between the two trades.
we anticipate that average fees per million may change in the future. consequently, past trends in commissions are not necessarily indicative of future commissions.
other revenue in addition to the commissions discussed above, we earn revenue from information and post-trade services, technology products and services, income on investments and other income.
information and post-trade services. we generate revenue from information services provided to our broker-dealer clients, institutional investor clients and data-only subscribers. information services are invoiced monthly, quarterly or annually. when billed in advance, revenues are deferred and recognized monthly on a straight-line basis. we also generate revenue from trade matching and regulatory transaction reporting services. revenue is recognized in the period the services are provided.
technology products and services. we generate revenue from professional consulting services, technology software licenses and maintenance and support services.
investment income. investment income consists of income earned on our investments.
other. other revenues include fees from telecommunications line charges to broker-dealer clients, initial set-up fees and other miscellaneous revenues.
expenses in the normal course of business, we incur the following expenses:
employee compensation and benefits. employee compensation and benefits is our most significant expense and includes employee salaries, stock-based compensation costs, other incentive compensation, employee benefits and payroll taxes.
depreciation and amortization. we depreciate our computer hardware and related software, office hardware and furniture and fixtures and amortize our capitalized software development costs on a straight-line basis over three to seven years. we amortize leasehold improvements on a straight-line basis over the lesser of the life of the improvement or the remaining term of the lease. intangible assets with definite lives, including purchased technologies, customer relationships and other intangible assets, are amortized over their estimated useful lives, ranging from three to 15 years. intangible assets are assessed for impairment when events or circumstances indicate a possible impairment.
technology and communications. technology and communications expense consists primarily of costs relating to maintenance on software and hardware, our internal network connections, data center hosting costs and data feeds provided by outside vendors or service providers. the majority of our broker-dealer clients have dedicated high-speed communication lines to our network in order to provide fast data transfer. we charge our broker-dealer clients a monthly fee for these connections, which is recovered against the relevant expenses we incur.
professional and consulting fees. professional and consulting fees consist primarily of accounting fees, legal fees and fees paid to information technology and non-information technology consultants for services provided for the maintenance of our trading platform and information and post-trade services products.
occupancy. occupancy costs consist primarily of office and equipment rent, utilities and commercial rent tax.
marketing and advertising. marketing and advertising expense consists primarily of print and other advertising expenses we incur to promote our products and services. this expense also includes costs associated with attending or exhibiting at industry-sponsored seminars, conferences and conventions, and travel and entertainment expenses incurred by our sales force to promote our trading platform and information services.
general and administrative. general and administrative expense consists primarily of general travel and entertainment, clearing costs from matched principal trades, board of directors' expenses, charitable contributions, provision for doubtful accounts, and various state franchise and u.k. value-added taxes.
46
expenses may grow in the future, notably in employee compensation and benefits and depreciation and amortization, primarily due to investment in new products and geographic expansion. however, we believe that operating leverage can be achieved by increasing volumes in existing products and adding new products without substantial additions to our infrastructure.
critical accounting policies and estimates this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations discusses our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states, also referred to as u.s. gaap. the preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the reporting periods. we base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. actual results may differ from these estimates under varying assumptions or conditions. note 2 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements includes a summary of the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
use of estimates on an ongoing basis, management evaluates its estimates and judgments, particularly as they relate to accounting policies that management believes are critical. that is, these accounting policies are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and they require management's most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain.
software development costs we capitalize certain costs associated with the development of internal use software, including among other items, employee compensation and related benefits and third party consulting costs at the point at which the conceptual formulation, design and testing of possible software project alternatives have been completed. once the product is ready for its intended use, such costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over three years. we review the amounts capitalized for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of the assets may not be recoverable.
revenue recognition the majority of our revenues are derived from commissions for trades executed on our platform and distribution fees that are billed to our broker-dealer clients on a monthly basis. we also derive revenues from information and post-trade services, technology products and services, investment income and other income.
commission revenue. commissions are generally calculated as a percentage of the notional dollar volume of bonds traded on the platform and vary based on the type and maturity of the bond traded. under our transaction fee plans, bonds that are more actively traded or that have shorter maturities are generally charged lower commissions, while bonds that are less actively traded or that have longer maturities generally command higher commissions. for trades that we execute between and among institutional investor and broker-dealer clients on a matched principal basis by serving as counterparty to both the buyer and the seller, we earn our commission through the difference in price between the two matched principal trades. fee programs for certain products include distribution fees which are recognized monthly.
information and post-trade services. we generate revenue from information services provided to our broker-dealer clients, institutional investor clients and data-only subscribers. information services are invoiced monthly, quarterly or annually. when billed in advance, revenues are deferred and recognized monthly on a straight-line basis. we also generate revenue from trade matching and regulatory transaction reporting. revenue is recognized in the period the services are provided.
technology products and services. we generate revenues from professional consulting services, technology software licenses and maintenance and support services (referred to as post-contract technical support or "pcs"). revenue is generally recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the fee is fixed or determinable and collection is considered probable.
we enter into time and materials professional consulting contracts unrelated to any software product. revenue for time and materials contracts is recognized as services are performed. we generally sell software license subscriptions on a stand-alone basis or software licenses and pcs together as part of multiple-element arrangements. revenue for software license subscriptions is recognized ratably over the contract period. for arrangements that include multiple elements, generally software licenses and pcs, we allocate and defer revenue for the undelivered items based on vendor specific objective evidence ("vsoe") of the fair value of the
47
undelivered elements and recognize the difference between the total arrangement fee and the amount deferred for the undelivered items as license revenue. when vsoe does not exist for undelivered items, the entire arrangement fee is recognized ratably over the performance period. for pcs, the term is typically one year and revenue is recognized over the duration of the arrangement on a straight-line basis.
initial set-up fees. we enter into agreements with our broker-dealer clients pursuant to which we provide access to our platform through a non-exclusive and non-transferable license. broker-dealer clients may pay an initial set-up fee, which is typically due and payable upon execution of the broker-dealer agreement. the initial set-up fee, if any, varies by agreement. revenue is recognized over the initial term of the agreement, which is generally two years. initial set-up fees are reported in other income in our consolidated statements of operations.
stock-based compensation we measure and recognize compensation expense for all share-based payment awards based on their estimated fair values measured as of the grant date. these costs are recognized as an expense in our consolidated statements of operations over the requisite service period, which is typically the vesting period, with an offsetting increase to additional paid-in capital.
income taxes income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability method. deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when such differences are expected to reverse. the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. a valuation allowance is recognized against deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that such assets will not be realized in future years. we recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of operations.
business combinations, goodwill and intangibles assets business combinations are accounted for under the purchase method of accounting. the total cost of an acquisition is allocated to the underlying net assets based on their respective estimated fair values. the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. determining the fair value of certain assets acquired and liabilities assumed is judgmental in nature and often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including assumptions with respect to future cash flows, discount rates, growth rates and asset lives.
we operate as a single reporting unit. subsequent to an acquisition, goodwill no longer retains its identification with a particular acquisition, but instead becomes identifiable with the entire reporting unit. as a result, all of our fair value is available to support the value of goodwill. an impairment review of goodwill is performed on an annual basis, at year-end, or more frequently if circumstances change. intangible assets with definite lives, including purchased technologies, customer relationships and other intangible assets, are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, ranging from three to 15 years. intangible assets are assessed for impairment when events or circumstances indicate the existence of a possible impairment.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for a discussion on recent accounting pronouncements.
48
segment results we operate an electronic multi-party platform for the trading of fixed-income securities and provide related data, analytics, compliance tools and post-trade services. our operations constitute a single business segment because of the highly integrated nature of these product and services, of the financial markets in which we compete and of our worldwide business activities. we believe that results by geographic region or client sector are not necessarily meaningful in understanding our business. see note 16 to the consolidate financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k for certain geographic information about the company's business required by u.s. gaap.
results of operations year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013
overview total revenues increased by $24.0 million or 10.1% to $262.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 from $238.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. this increase in total revenues was primarily due to an increase in commissions of $17.5 million and an increase in revenue from information and post-trade services of $6.1 million. the increase in revenue from information and post-trade services was primarily due to the inclusion in 2014 of two additional months of revenues from xtrakter, which was acquired in february 2013. a 5.4% change in the foreign currency exchange rates of the pound sterling compared to the u.s. dollar from the year ended december 31, 2013 to the year ended december 31, 2014 had the effect of increasing revenues by $1.9 million.
total expenses increased by $12.8 million or 9.7% to $144.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 from $131.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. this increase was primarily due to higher employee compensation and benefits of $10.6 million, depreciation and amortization of $3.3 million, technology and communication costs of $1.6 million and marketing and advertising costs of $1.1 million, which were partially offset by a decrease in professional and consulting fees of $3.8 million.  the increase in expenses reflects the inclusion in 2014 of two additional months of expenses from xtrakter.  during the second quarter of 2013, we determined that we had incorrectly excluded incentive compensation as a component of employee compensation eligible for capitalization under our software development costs capitalization policy.  we recorded this item as an out-of-period adjustment in the three months ended june 30, 2013 by reducing employee compensation and benefits expense by $2.9 million and increasing depreciation and amortization expense by $1.3 million. the change in foreign currency exchange rates had the effect of increasing expenses by $1.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2014.
income before taxes from continuing operations increased by $11.3 million or 10.5% to $118.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 from $107.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. net income from continuing operations increased by $6.2 million or 9.1% to $74.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 from $68.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2013.
in october 2013, we sold greenline financial technologies, inc. ("greenline") for $11.0 million and recognized a gain on the sale, net of a tax benefit, of $7.6 million. greenline's operating results have been classified as discontinued operations in our consolidated statement of operations. the net loss from discontinued operations for the year ended december 31, 2013 was $0.2 million.
revenues our revenues for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, and the resulting dollar and percentage changes, were as follows:
year ended december 31,

2014                                         2013
% of                                              % of           $                             %
$          revenues                               $          revenues           change                   change
($ in thousands)
commissions                                   $221,138                  84.2           %        $203,652                  85.3       %   $17,486                          8.6         %
information and post-trade services             31,510                  12.0                      25,377                  10.6                 6,133                     24.2
technology products and services                 6,874                   2.6                       6,331                   2.7           543                              8.6
investment income                                  543                   0.2                         420                   0.2           123                             29.3
other                                            2,709                   1.0                       2,953                   1.2                  (244   )                 (8.3     )
total revenues                                $262,774                 100.0           %        $238,733                 100.0       %   $24,041                         10.1         %
49
commissions our commission revenues for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, and the resulting dollar and percentage changes, were as follows:
year ended december 31,

$                                %
2014                     2013                         change                      change
($ in thousands)
variable transaction fees u.s. high-grade                              $83,211                  $83,817           $(606          )              (0.7   )   %
other credit                                  70,183                   55,046                 15,137                  27.5
liquid products                                2,840                    3,430                   (590   )             (17.2   )
total variable transaction fees              156,234                  142,293                 13,941                   9.8
distribution fees u.s. high-grade                               56,659                   52,207                  4,452                   8.5
other credit                                   7,538                    8,969                 (1,431   )             (16.0   )
liquid products                                  707                      183           524                          286.3
total distribution fees                       64,904                   61,359                  3,545                   5.8
total commissions                           $221,138                 $203,652           $17,486                        8.6       %
variable transaction fees the following table shows the extent to which the increase in variable commissions for the year ended december 31, 2014 was attributable to changes in transaction volumes and variable transaction fees per million:
change from year ended december 31, 2013

u.s.
high-grade                 other credit                liquid products               total
(in thousands)
volume increase (decrease)                        $6,721                     $15,140                     $(484               )         $21,377
variable transaction fee per million (decrease)           (7,327   )                  (3       )                   (106      )               (7,436   )
total variable commissions increase               $(606            )         $15,137                     $(590               )         $13,941
our trading volume for each of the years presented was as follows:
year ended december 31,

$                                 %
2014                     2013                         change                       change trading volume data (in millions)
u.s. high-grade - fixed rate                  $450,139                 $418,270           $31,869                         7.6       %
u.s. high-grade - floating rate                 25,231                   21,813                   3,418                  15.7
total u.s. high-grade                          475,370                  440,083                  35,287                   8.0
other credit                                   226,033                  177,274                  48,759                  27.5
liquid products                                 65,558                   76,319                 (10,761   )             (14.1   )
total                                         $766,961                 $693,676           $73,285                        10.6       %
number of u.s. trading days                        250                      250
number of u.k. trading days                        253                      253
for volume reporting purposes, transactions in foreign currencies are converted to u.s. dollars at average monthly rates. the 8.0% increase in u.s. high-grade volume was principally due to an increase in our estimated market share of total u.s. high-grade corporate bond volume as reported by financial industry regulatory authority ("finra") trade reporting and compliance engine ("trace") from 13.8% for the year ended december 31, 2013 to 14.5% (adjusted by us to eliminate the increased reporting of affiliate back-to-back trades to finra beginning in april 2014 and the inclusion of 144a securities in reported trace volumes beginning on july 1, 2014) for the year ended december 31, 2014, coupled with an increase in estimated u.s. high-grade trace volume.  estimated u.s. high-grade trace volume for the year ended december 31, 2014 was $3.4 trillion, an increase of approximately 5% from the year ended december 31, 2013.  based on information provided by finra, we believe that the trace volumes, as adjusted by us, provide a more accurate comparison to prior period reporting.  we have provided a reconciliation of the
50
reported u.s. high-grade trace volumes to the adjusted u.s. high-grade trace volumes in the "investor relations" section of our website.
other credit volumes increased by 27.5% for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily due to increase in estimated market share in emerging markets bonds, eurobonds and high-yield bonds. liquid products volume decreased by 14.1% for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, due mainly to lower trading volumes in u.s. agency bonds. estimated u.s. agency trace volumes declined by 17.6% for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013.
our average variable transaction fee per million for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 was as follows:
year ended december 31,

2014                  2013
u.s. high-grade - fixed rate               $182                    $199
u.s. high-grade - floating rate              51                      25
total u.s. high-grade                       175                     190
other credit                                311                     311
liquid products                              43                      45
total                                       204                     205
the u.s. high-grade average variable transaction fee per million decreased to $175 per million for the year ended december 31, 2014 from $190 per million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the change was primarily due to a decrease in the duration, and an increase in the nominal size, of bonds traded. u.s. high-grade floating rate average variable transaction fee per million increased from $25 for the year ended december 31, 2013 to $51 for the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily due to a change in our pricing calculation to conform to the market convention for such instruments.
distribution fees distribution fees increased by $3.5 million or 5.8% to $64.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 from $61.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. u.s. high-grade distribution fees increased $4.5 million principally due to the migration over the past year of certain of our broker-dealer clients from an all-variable fee plan to a plan that incorporates a monthly distribution fee. the $1.4 million decrease in other credit distribution fees principally relates to the migration of certain eurobond dealers to plans that incorporate a higher level of variable fees and lower level of monthly distribution fees. the $0.5 million increase in liquid products distribution fees was due to the commencement of sef-related revenues during 2014.
information and post-trade services. information and post-trade services revenues increased by $6.1 million or 24.2% to $31.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 from $25.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, principally due to the inclusion of two additional months of revenues from xtrakter in 2014 and the favorable impact of a change in foreign currency exchange rates of $1.3 million.  xtrakter's transaction reporting business processed approximately 1,100 million and 943 million transactions for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
technology products and services. technology products and services revenues increased by $0.5 million or 8.6% to $6.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 from $6.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2013.  the increase was primarily a result of higher professional consulting services revenues.
investment income. investment income increased by $0.1 million or 29.3% to $0.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 from $0.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily due to a higher average investment balance in 2014.
other. other revenues decreased by $0.2 million or 8.3% to $2.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 from $3.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. in the year ended december 31, 2014, we recognized income of $0.9 million on the sale of certain mf global bankruptcy claims. in the year ended december 31, 2013, we recorded a gain of $0.8 million on the sale of u.s. treasuries.  we used the proceeds from the sale of u.s. treasuries to fund the acquisition of xtrakter.
51
expenses our expenses for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, and the resulting dollar and percentage changes, were as follows:
year ended december 31,

2014                                         2013
% of                                          % of           $                                %
$                          revenues           $                          revenues           change                      change
($ in thousands)
expenses employee compensation and benefits      $74,995                        28.5       %   $64,406                        27.0       %   $10,589                       16.4       %
depreciation and amortization                  17,379                   6.6                  14,123                   5.9                  3,256                  23.1
technology and communications                  17,685                   6.7                  16,037                   6.7                  1,648                  10.3
professional and consulting fees               14,375                   5.5                  18,220                   7.6                 (3,845   )             (21.1   )
occupancy                                       4,381                   1.7                   5,173                   2.2                   (792   )             (15.3   )
marketing and advertising                       5,769                   2.2                   4,632                   1.9                  1,137                  24.5
general and administrative                      9,654                   3.7                   8,862                   3.7           792                            8.9
total expenses                          $144,238                       54.9       %   $131,453                       55.0       %   $12,785                        9.7       %
employee compensation and benefits. employee compensation and benefits increased by $10.6 million or 16.4% to $75.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 from $64.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase was primarily due to higher wages and benefits of $6.0 million, employee incentive compensation of $1.0 million and the out-of period adjustment for software development costs of $2.9 million in the year ended december 31, 2013.  the total number of employees increased to 303 as of december 31, 2014 from 293 as of december 31, 2013.  employee compensation and benefits for the year ended december 31, 2014 include two additional months of compensation and benefit expenses from xtrakter.
depreciation and amortization. depreciation and amortization increased by $3.3 million or 23.1% to $17.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, from $14.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase was due to higher depreciation of production hardware of $2.0 million and amortization of software development costs of $2.2 million, partially offset by the out-of-period adjustment for software development costs of $1.3 million in the year ended december 31, 2013. for the year ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, $4.6 million and $15.3 million, respectively, of equipment purchases and leasehold improvements and $10.2 million and $7.9 million, respectively, of software development costs were capitalized. the lower equipment purchases and leasehold improvements in 2014 were primarily due to the build-out of a replacement primary production data center in 2013 and the build-out costs for new office space in london in 2013. the higher software development costs were primarily due to continued investment in new product initiatives and xtrakter technology architecture changes.
technology and communications. technology and communications expenses increased by $1.6 million or 10.3% to $17.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 from $16.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase was due to higher office telecommunication costs of $1.0 million and software maintenance and support of $0.7 million.
professional and consulting fees. professional and consulting fees decreased by $3.8 million or 21.1% to $14.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, from $18.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the decrease was due to lower technology consulting costs of $1.7 million, legal fees of $1.3 million and recruiting fees of $0.4 million.  in 2013, we incurred approximately $1.2 million in investment banking, legal and other professional fees related to the xtrakter acquisition.
occupancy. occupancy costs decreased by $0.8 million or 15.3% to $4.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, from $5.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the decreased occupancy costs principally related to a loss on a sub-lease and duplicate rent aggregating $0.6 million related to our move to a new u.k. office in 2013.marketing and advertising. marketing and advertising expenses increased by $1.1 million or 24.5% to $5.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, from $4.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase was due to higher sales related travel and entertainment costs of $0.6 million and promotion and trade show costs of $0.4 million.
general and administrative. general and administrative expenses increased by $0.8 million or 8.9% to $9.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, from $8.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2013.  the increase was primarily due to higher clearing costs from matched principal trading, vat expense and board of director fees.
52
provision for income tax we recorded an income tax provision from continuing operations of $43.7 million and $38.7 million for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the increase in the 2014 tax provision was primarily attributable to an increase in pre-tax income and a higher effective tax rate. our consolidated effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2014 was 36.9%, compared to 36.1% for the year ended december 31, 2013. the 2013 income tax provision included benefits for certain 2012 tax credits enacted into law in 2013 and a catch-up tax benefit associated with the domestic production activities deduction.  our consolidated effective tax rate can vary from period to period depending on, among other factors, the geographic and business mix of our earnings and changes in tax legislation and tax rates.
as of december 31, 2014, we had restricted u.s. federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $8.0 million. the utilization of our restricted u.s. net operating loss carryforwards is subject to an annual limitation as determined by section 382 of the internal revenue code.
year ended december 31, 2013 compared to year ended december 31, 2012
overview total revenues increased by $47.9 million or 25.1% to $238.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 from $190.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2012. this increase in total revenues was primarily due to an increase in commissions of $29.5 million and revenue from information and post-trade services of 17.9 million. information and post-trade services revenue generated by xtrakter totaled $18.4 million from the february 28, 2013 acquisition date until december 31, 2013.
total expenses increased by $30.0 million or 29.5% to $131.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 from $101.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2012.  this increase was primarily due to higher employee compensation and benefits of $9.7 million, depreciation and amortization of $7.4 million, professional and consulting expenses of $6.1 million and technology and communications costs of $3.5 million.  total expenses for 2013 included approximately $19.7 million of xtrakter operating expenses and an additional $1.6 million of acquisition-related costs.  during the second quarter of 2013, we determined that we had incorrectly excluded incentive compensation as a component of employee compensation eligible for capitalization under our software development costs capitalization policy.  we assessed this error and determined that it was not material to previous reporting periods and is not material to the current year.  therefore, we recorded this item as an out-of-period adjustment in the three months ended june 30, 2013 by reducing employee compensation and benefits expense by $2.9 million and increasing depreciation and amortization expense by $1.3 million.
income before taxes from continuing operations increased by $17.9 million or 20% to $107.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 from $89.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2012.  net income from continuing operations increased by $6.8 million or 11.0% to $68.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 from $61.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2012.
in october 2013, we sold greenline for $11.0 million and recognized a gain on the sale, net of a tax benefit, of $7.6 million.  greenline's operating results have been classified as discontinued operations in our consolidated statement of operations.  the net loss from discontinued operations for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012 was $0.2 million and $1.7 million, respectively.
revenues our revenues for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, and the resulting dollar and percentage changes, were as follows:
year ended december 31,

2013                                         2012
% of                                         % of           $                      %
$          revenues           $                         revenues           change                 change
($ in thousands)
commissions                                   $203,652                  85.3       %   $174,199                      91.3       %   $29,453                16.9              %
information and post-trade services             25,377                  10.6                  7,435                   3.9                 17,942           241.3
technology products and services                 6,331                   2.7                  4,988                   2.6                  1,343           26.9
investment income                                  420                   0.2                  1,057                   0.6                   (637   )             (60.3   )
other                                            2,953                   1.2                  3,161                   1.6                   (208   )              (6.6   )
total revenues                                $238,733                 100.0       %   $190,840                     100.0       %   $47,893                25.1              %
53
commissions our commission revenues for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, and the resulting dollar and percentage changes, were as follows:
year ended december 31,

$                               %
2013                     2012                         change                     change
($ in thousands)
variable transaction fees u.s. high-grade                              $83,817                  $72,272           $11,545                      16.0       %
other credit                                  55,046                   39,260                 15,786                 40.2
liquid products                                3,430                    3,349           81                            2.4
total variable transaction fees              142,293                  114,881                 27,412                 23.9
distribution fees u.s. high-grade                               52,207                   49,691                  2,516                  5.1
other credit                                   8,969                    9,627                   (658   )             (6.8   )
liquid products                                  183                        -           183                             -
total distribution fees                       61,359                   59,318                  2,041                  3.4
total commissions                           $203,652                 $174,199           $29,453                      16.9       %
variable transaction fees the following table shows the extent to which the increase in variable commissions for the year ended december 31, 2013 was attributable to changes in transaction volumes and variable transaction fees per million:
change from year ended december 31, 2012

u.s.
high-grade                 other credit                liquid products               total
(in thousands)
volume increase (decrease)                                 $14,229                    $10,622                     $(246               )         $24,605
variable transaction fee per million (decrease) increase           (2,684   )                  5,164              327                                 2,807
total variable commissions increase                        $11,545                    $15,786                     $81                           $27,412
our trading volume for each of the years presented was as follows:
year ended december 31,

$                                %
2013                     2012                         change                      change trading volume data (in millions)
u.s. high-grade - fixed rate                  $418,270                 $355,087           $63,183                       17.8       %
u.s. high-grade - floating rate                 21,813                   12,603                   9,210                 73.1
total u.s. high-grade                          440,083                  367,690                  72,393                 19.7
other credit                                   177,274                  139,526                  37,748                 27.1
liquid products                                 76,319                   82,380                  (6,061   )             (7.4   )
total                                         $693,676                 $589,596           $104,080                      17.7       %
number of u.s. trading days                        250                      248
number of u.k. trading days                        253                      252
for volume reporting purposes, transactions in foreign currencies are converted to u.s. dollars at average monthly rates. the 19.7% increase in u.s. high-grade volume was principally due to an increase in our estimated market share of total u.s. high-grade corporate bond volume as reported by finra trace from 12.4% for the year ended december 31, 2012 to 13.8% for the year ended december 31, 2013, coupled with an increase in estimated u.s. high-grade trace volume. estimated u.s. high-grade trace volume for the year ended december 31, 2013 was $3.2 trillion, an increase of approximately 8.0% from the year ended december 31, 2012. our other credit volumes increased by 27.1% for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the year ended december 31, 2012, primarily due to estimated market share gains in emerging market and high-yield bond volumes. liquid products volume
54
decreased by 7.4% for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the year ended december 31, 2012, due mainly to lower trading volumes in u.s. agency bonds. estimated u.s. agency trace volumes declined by 33.6% in 2013.
our average variable transaction fee per million for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012 was as follows:
year ended december 31,

2013                  2012
u.s. high-grade - fixed rate               $199                    $202
u.s. high-grade - floating rate              25                      34
total u.s. high-grade                       190                     197
other credit                                311                     281
liquid products                              45                      41
total                                       205                     195
the u.s. high-grade average variable transaction fee per million decreased to $190 per million for the year ended december 31, 2013 from $197 per million for the year ended december 31, 2012. the change was primarily due to a decrease in the duration of bonds traded and the effect of two broker-dealer market makers moving from an all-variable plan to a plan that incorporates a monthly distribution fee. other credit average variable transaction fee per million increased to $311 per million for the year ended december 31, 2013 from $281 per million for the year ended december 31, 2012 primarily due to a larger percentage of volume in products that carry higher fees per million, principally emerging markets and high-yield bonds. liquid products average variable transaction fee per million increased to $45 per million for the year ended december 31, 2013 from $41 per million for the year ended december 31, 2012, primarily due to a change in the mix of products traded.
distribution fees distribution fees increased by $2.0 million or 3.4% to $61.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 from $59.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2012. u.s. high-grade distribution fees increased $2.5 million principally due to the migration of two broker-dealer market makers that moved from an all-variable fee plan to a plan that incorporates a monthly distribution fee, partially offset by a decrease in other credit distribution fees of $0.7 million.
information and post-trade services. information and post-trade services increased by $17.9 million or 241.3% to $25.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 from $7.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2012.  information and post-trade services revenue generated by xtrakter for the year ended december 31, 2013 was $18.4 million. xtrakter's transaction reporting business processed approximately 943 million transactions for the year ended december 31, 2013.
technology products and services. technology products and services revenues increased by $1.3 million or 26.9% to $6.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 from $5.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2012.  the increase was primarily a result of higher professional consulting services revenues.
investment income. investment income decreased by $0.6 million or 60.3% to $0.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 from $1.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2012.  the decrease was due to a reduction in average cash and securities available-for-sale balances and lower average yields.
other.  other revenues decreased by $0.2 million or 6.6% to $3.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 from $3.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2012.  the decrease was mainly due to lower initial setup fees from broker-dealer clients.
55
expenses our expenses for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, and the resulting dollar and percentage changes, were as follows:
year ended december 31,

2013                                         2012
% of                                              % of           $                               %
$                          revenues               $                          revenues           change                     change
($ in thousands)
expenses employee compensation and benefits      $64,406                        27.0           %   $54,678                        28.7       %   $9,728                       17.8       %
depreciation and amortization                  14,123                   5.9                       6,758                   3.5                 7,365                 109.0
technology and communications                  16,037                   6.7                      12,523                   6.6                 3,514                  28.1
professional and consulting fees               18,220                   7.6                      12,150                   6.4                 6,070                  50.0
occupancy                                       5,173                   2.2                       2,446                   1.3                 2,727                 111.5
marketing and advertising                       4,632                   1.9                       5,169                   2.7                  (537   )             (10.4   )
general and administrative                      8,862                   3.7                       7,746                   4.1                 1,116                  14.4
total expenses                          $131,453                       55.0           %   $101,470                       53.3       %   $29,983                      29.5       %
employee compensation and benefits.  employee compensation and benefits increased by $9.7 million or 17.8% to $64.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 from $54.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2012.  the increase was primarily due to higher wages and benefits of $10.2 million and an increase in employee incentive compensation costs of $2.0 million, offset by the favorable out-of-period adjustment of $2.9 million.  xtrakter employee compensation and benefits was $8.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2013.  the total number of employees increased to 293 as of december 31, 2013 from 206 as of december 31, 2012, mainly due to personnel increases associated with the xtrakter acquisition.
depreciation and amortization.  depreciation and amortization expense increased by $7.4 million or 109.0% to $14.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 from $6.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2012.  the increase was principally due to higher amortization of software development costs of $3.2 million resulting from increased product development, amortization of the xtrakter intangible assets of $1.9 million, the out-of-period adjustment of $1.3 million and higher production equipment depreciation of $1.0 million.  for the year ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, $15.3 million and $5.2 million, respectively, of equipment purchases and leasehold improvements and $7.9 million and $5.2 million, respectively, of software development costs were capitalized.  the higher equipment purchases and leasehold improvements were primarily due to the build-out of a replacement primary production data center in 2013 and the build-out costs for new office space in london in 2013.
technology and communications.  technology and communications expense increased by $3.5 million or 28.1% to $16.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 from $12.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2012.  the increase was mainly due to technology and communications costs from xtrakter of $2.5 million and an increase in it licenses and maintenance of $0.6 million.
professional and consulting fees. professional and consulting fees increased by $6.1 million or 50.0% to $18.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 from $12.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2012.  the increase was primarily due to xtrakter professional and consulting fees of $2.5 million relating primarily to consulting costs and recruiting fees, higher it consulting expenses of $1.3 million, approximately $1.2 million in investment banking, legal and other professional fees related to the xtrakter acquisition and higher recruiting costs of $0.6 million.
occupancy. occupancy costs increased by $2.7 million or 111.5% to $5.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 from $2.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2012, principally related to xtrakter occupancy costs of $1.6 million and a loss on a sub-lease and duplicate rent in the u.k of $0.6 million.
marketing and advertising. marketing and advertising expense decreased by $0.5 million or 10.4% to $4.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 from $5.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2012.  the decrease was principally due to a reduction in advertising expenses related to new product initiatives of $0.4 million.
general and administrative. general and administrative expense increased by $1.1 million or 14.4% to $8.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 from $7.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2012.  the increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily attributable to higher registration and trade clearing fees of $0.5 million and approximately $0.4 million of transaction costs related to the xtrakter acquisition.
56
provision for income tax we recorded an income tax provision from continuing operations of $38.7 million and $27.6 million for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the increase in the 2013 tax provision was attributable to an increase in pre-tax income and a non-recurring favorable income tax adjustment of $6.7 million in 2012.  our consolidated effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2013 was 36.1%, compared to 30.9% for the year ended december 31, 2012. the increase in the effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2013 was principally due to the favorable income tax adjustment of $6.7 million in 2012 relating to certain previously unrecognized tax benefits. we updated the recognition of certain acquired net operating loss carryforwards in response to a private letter ruling received from the internal revenue service. our consolidated effective tax rate can vary from period to period depending on, among other factors, the geographic and business mix of our earnings and changes in tax legislation and tax rates.
as of december 31, 2013, we had restricted u.s. federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $10.8 million. the utilization of our restricted u.s. net operating loss carryforwards is subject to an annual limitation as determined by section 382 of the internal revenue code.
quarterly results of operations our quarterly results have varied significantly as a result of:
●   changes in trading volume due to market conditions, changes in the number of trading days in certain quarters, and seasonality effects caused by slow-downs in trading activity during certain periods;

●   changes in the number of broker-dealers and institutional investors using our trading platform, as well as variation in usage by existing clients;

●   expansion of the products we offer to our clients; and

●   variance in our expenses, particularly employee compensation and benefits.

the following table sets forth certain unaudited consolidated quarterly income statement data for the eight quarters ended december 31, 2014. in our opinion, this unaudited information has been prepared on a basis consistent with our annual financial statements and includes all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring adjustments) necessary for a fair statement of the unaudited quarterly data. this information should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this annual report on form 10-k. the results of operations for any quarter are not necessarily indicative of results that we may achieve for any subsequent periods.
57
three months ended

dec 31,                sep 30,                jun 30,                mar 31,                dec 31,                sep 30,                jun 30,                mar 31,
2014                   2014                   2014                   2014                   2013                   2013                   2013                   2013
(in thousands, except per share data)
(unaudited)
revenues commissions                                                                    $60,372                $54,462                $54,315                $51,989                $50,450                $51,818                $54,198                $47,186
information and post-trade services                                              7,869                  7,600                  7,962                  8,079                  7,357                  7,125                  7,192                  3,703
technology products and services                                                 1,289                  1,562                  1,987                  2,036                  2,052                  1,561                  1,485                  1,233
investment income                                                                  127                    132                    138                    146                    132                    112                     44                    132
other                                                                              510                    489                    562                  1,148                    451                    517                    588                  1,397
total revenues                                                                  70,167                 64,245                 64,964                 63,398                 60,442                 61,133                 63,507                 53,651
expenses employee compensation and benefits                                              19,376                 18,589                 18,421                 18,609                 16,768                 17,910                 14,712                 15,016
depreciation and amortization                                                    4,425                  4,482                  4,351                  4,121                  3,972                  3,460                  4,405                  2,286
technology and communications                                                    4,385                  4,359                  4,449                  4,492                  4,337                  4,509                  4,045                  3,146
professional and consulting fees                                                 3,463                  3,514                  3,426                  3,972                  4,942                  4,540                  4,435                  4,303
occupancy                                                                        1,063                  1,127                  1,102                  1,089                  2,001                  1,205                  1,170                    797
marketing and advertising                                                        1,429                  1,331                  1,800                  1,209                  1,131                  1,195                  1,371                    935
general and administrative                                                       2,537                  2,575                  2,344                  2,198                  2,492                  1,926                  1,947                  2,497
total expenses                                                                  36,678                 35,977                 35,893                 35,690                 35,643                 34,745                 32,085                 28,980
income before income taxes from                                                 33,489                 28,268                 29,071                 27,708                 24,799                 26,388                 31,422                 24,671
continuing operations provision for income taxes                                                      11,853                 10,764                 10,880                 10,233                  9,329                  8,129                 12,133                  9,126
net income from continuing                                                      21,636                 17,504                 18,191                 17,475                 15,470                 18,259                 19,289                 15,545
operations income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income taxes (1)                  -                      -                      -                      -                  7,663                    (46   )                 56                   (220   )
net income                                                                     $21,636                $17,504                $18,191                $17,475                $23,133                $18,213                $19,345                $15,325
basic earnings per common share income from continuing operations                                                $0.59                  $0.47                  $0.49                  $0.47                  $0.42                  $0.49                  $0.52                  $0.42
income (loss) from discontinued                                                      -                      -                      -                      -                   0.21                      -                      -                  (0.01   )
operations net income per common share                                                      $0.59                  $0.47                  $0.49                  $0.47                  $0.63                  $0.49                  $0.52                  $0.41
diluted earnings per common share income from continuing operations                                                $0.57                  $0.46                  $0.48                  $0.46                  $0.41                  $0.48                  $0.51                  $0.41
income (loss) from discontinued                                                      -                      -                      -                      -                   0.20                      -                      -                  (0.01   )
operations net income per common share                                                      $0.57                  $0.46                  $0.48                  $0.46                  $0.61                  $0.48                  $0.51                  $0.40
(1)   in october 2013, we sold greenline for $11.0 million and recognized a gain on the sale, net of tax benefit, of $7.6 million.

58
the following tables set forth trading volume and average variable transaction fee per million traded for the eight quarters ended december 31, 2014.
three months ended

dec 31,                 sep 30,                 jun 30,                 mar 31,                 dec 31,                 sep 30,                 jun 30,                 mar 31,
2014                    2014                    2014                    2014                    2013                    2013                    2013                    2013
(in millions)
trading volume data u.s. high-grade - fixed rate                             $122,899                $104,143                $109,970                $113,128                $100,401                $108,177                $112,955                 $96,736
u.s. high-grade - floating rate                             7,295                   5,569                   6,331                   6,036                   6,091                   5,904                   5,308                   4,509
total u.s. high-grade                                     130,194                 109,712                 116,301                 119,164                 106,492                 114,081                 118,263                 101,245
other credit                                               64,211                  56,761                  55,011                  50,050                  43,094                  42,741                  49,674                  41,766
liquid products                                            16,964                  15,665                  14,725                  18,203                  21,681                  17,537                  19,753                  17,349
total                                                    $211,369                $182,138                $186,037                $187,417                $171,267                $174,359                $187,690                $160,360
three months ended dec 31,                 sep 30,                 jun 30,                 mar 31,                 dec 31,                 sep 30,                 jun 30,                 mar 31,
2014                    2014                    2014                    2014                    2013                    2013                    2013                    2013
average variable transaction fee per million u.s. high-grade - fixed rate                                 $186                    $184                    $185                    $173                    $194                    $200                    $203                    $198
u.s. high-grade - floating rate                                45                      45                      54                      60                      25                      29                      24                      21
total u.s. high-grade                                         178                     177                     178                     167                     184                     192                     195                     191
other credit                                                  315                     316                     308                     301                     321                     317                     309                     296
liquid products                                                42                      42                      44                      45                      43                      45                      46                      46
total                                                         209                     209                     206                     191                     201                     208                     210                     202
number of u.s. trading days                                    62                      64                      63                      61                      62                      64                      64                      60
number of u.k. trading days                                    64                      65                      61                      63                      64                      65                      62                      62
liquidity and capital resources during the past three years, we have met our funding requirements through cash on hand and internally generated funds. cash and cash equivalents and securities available-for-sale totaled $233.8 million at december 31, 2014.
in january 2013, we entered into a three-year credit agreement that provides for revolving loans and letters of credit up to an aggregate of $50.0 million. as of december 31, 2014, there was $49.9 million available to borrow under the credit facility. subject to satisfaction of certain specified conditions, we are permitted to upsize the credit facility by an additional $50.0 million.
our cash flows were as follows:
year ended december 31,

2014                      2013                      2012
(in thousands)
net cash provided by operating activities                                $109,952                   $90,879             $81,582
net cash (used in ) provided by investing activities                      (13,025    )              (69,121    )                 15,030
net cash (used in) financing activities                                   (60,223    )              (17,074    )               (136,175     )
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                 (471    )                 (901    )                 (1,149     )
net increase (decrease) for the period                                    $36,233                    $3,783             $(40,712            )
cash flows for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013
net cash provided by operating activities was $110.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $90.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the $19.1 million increase in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to the increase in net income from continuing operations of $6.2 million, an increase in depreciation and amortization of $4.3 million, a decrease in working capital of $4.4 million and a decrease in deferred taxes of $1.0 million.
59
net cash used in investing activities was $13.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $69.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the $56.1 million decrease in net cash used in investing activities was due to the acquisition of xtrakter in 2013 for $37.8 million, an increase in net proceeds from securities available-for-sale of $18.5 million and a decrease in capital expenditures of $8.5 million, offset by a decrease of $9.3 million in cash proceeds from the sale of greenline in 2013.
net cash used in financing activities was $60.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $17.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the $43.1 million increase in net cash used in financing activities was principally due to repurchases of our common stock of $38.0 million in 2014 and an increase in cash dividends paid on common stock of $4.1 million.
free cash flow is defined as cash flow from operating activities less expenditures for furniture, equipment and leasehold improvements and capitalized software development costs. for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, free cash flow was $95.2 million, $67.6 million and $71.2 million, respectively. free cash flow is a non-gaap financial measure. we believe that this non-gaap financial measure, when taken into consideration with the corresponding gaap financial measures, is important in gaining an understanding of our financial strength and cash flow generation.
past trends of cash flows are not necessarily indicative of future cash flow levels. a decrease in cash flows may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, business and financial condition.
cash flows for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to year ended december 31, 2012
net cash provided by operating activities was $90.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $81.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2012. the $9.3 million increase in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to an increase in net income of $15.9 million and an increase in depreciation and amortization of $4.8 million, offset by the gain on the sale of greenline of $7.6 million, an increase in working capital of $2.1 million and a decrease in deferred taxes of $0.7 million.
net cash used in investing activities was $69.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to net cash provided by investing activities of $15.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2012.  in february 2013, we acquired xtrakter for $37.8 million in cash, net of cash acquired.  we received cash proceeds on the october 2013 sale of greenline of $9.3 million, net of cash sold and transaction expenses.  net purchases of securities available-for-sale were $17.3 million and net proceeds of securities available-for-sale were $25.4 million for year ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  capital expenditures were $23.3 million and $10.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  the higher capital expenditures during the year ended december 31, 2013 were primarily due to higher capitalized software expenditures associated with new product initiatives, the build-out of a replacement primary production data center in 2013 and the build-out costs for new office space in london in 2013.
net cash used in financing activities was $17.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to $136.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2012.  the $119.0 million decrease in net cash used in financing activities was principally due to repurchases of our common stock in 2012 of $75.1 million, lower excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation of $9.7 million and lower proceeds from the exercise of stock options of $5.5 million, offset by a decrease in cash dividends paid on common stock of $44.2 million and lower withholding tax payments on restricted stock vesting and stock option exercises of $15.0 million. we paid a special cash dividend on our common stock in december 2012 of $47.6 million.
other factors influencing liquidity and capital resources we believe that our current resources are adequate to meet our liquidity needs and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next 12 months. however, our future liquidity and capital requirements will depend on a number of factors, including expenses associated with product development and expansion and new business opportunities that are intended to further diversify our revenue stream. we may also acquire or invest in technologies, business ventures or products that are complementary to our business. in the event we require any additional financing, it will take the form of equity or debt financing. any additional equity offerings may result in dilution to our stockholders. any debt financings, if available at all, may involve restrictive covenants with respect to dividends, issuances of additional capital and other financial and operational matters related to our business.
certain of our u.s. subsidiaries are registered as a broker-dealer or a sef and therefore are subject to the applicable rules and regulations of the sec and the cftc. these rules contain minimum net capital requirements, as defined in the applicable regulations, and also may require a significant part of the registrants' assets be kept in relatively liquid form. certain of our foreign subsidiaries are regulated by the financial conduct authority in the u.k. or ontario securities commission in canada and must maintain financial resources, as defined in the applicable regulations, in excess of the applicable financial resources requirement. as of december 31, 2014, each of our subsidiaries that are subject to these regulations had net capital or financial resources in excess of their minimum requirements. as of december 31, 2014, our subsidiaries maintained aggregate net capital and financial resources that were $81.1 million in excess of the required levels of $12.4 million.
60
each of our u.s. and foreign regulated subsidiaries are subject to local regulations which generally prohibit repayment of borrowings from our affiliates, paying cash dividends, making loans to our affiliates or otherwise entering into transactions that result in a significant reduction in regulatory net capital or financial resources without prior notification to or approval from such regulated entity's principal regulator.
as of december 31, 2014, the amount of unrestricted cash held by our non-u.s. subsidiaries was $29.8 million. we have determined that unremitted earnings of our foreign subsidiaries are considered indefinitely reinvested outside of the u.s.  any repatriation of such foreign earnings by way of dividend may be subject to both u.s. federal and state income taxes, reduced by applicable foreign tax credits. however, we do not have any current needs or foreseeable plans to repatriate cash by way of dividends from our non-u.s. subsidiaries.
we execute certain bond transactions between and among institutional investor and broker-dealer clients on a matched principal basis by serving as counterparty to both the buyer and the seller in trades which settle through a third-party clearing broker. settlement typically occurs within one to three trading days after the trade date. cash settlement of the transaction occurs upon receipt or delivery of the underlying instrument that was traded. for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, revenues from matched principal trading were approximately $7.4 million, $6.0 million and $3.5 million, respectively. under securities clearing agreements with a third party clearing broker, we maintain a collateral deposit with the clearing broker in the form of cash. as of december 31, 2014, the amount of the collateral deposit included in prepaid expenses and other assets in our consolidated statements of financial condition was $0.9 million. we are exposed to credit risk in the event a counterparty does not fulfill its obligation to complete a transaction. pursuant to the terms of the securities clearing agreements between us and our clearing brokers, the clearing brokers have the right to charge us for losses resulting from a counterparty's failure to fulfill its contractual obligations. the losses are not capped at a maximum amount and apply to all trades executed through such clearing broker. at december 31, 2014 and 2013, we had not recorded any liabilities with regard to this right.
in the ordinary course of business, we enter into contracts that contain a variety of representations, warranties and general indemnifications. our maximum exposure from any claims under these arrangements is unknown, as this would involve claims that have not yet occurred. however, based on past experience, we expect the risk of material loss to be remote.
in january 2014, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program for up to $35.0 million of our common stock. in july 2014, our board of directors increased the authorization under the share repurchase program by an additional $65.0 million of our common stock. for the year ended december 31, 2014, we repurchased 646,185 shares of our common stock at a cost of $38.0 million. as of december 31, 2014, approximately $62.0 million remains authorized for repurchase under the share repurchase program. shares repurchased under the program will be held in treasury for future use. the share repurchase program will expire on december 31, 2015.
in january 2015, our board of directors approved a quarterly cash dividend of $0.20 per share payable on february 26, 2015 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on february 12, 2015. any future declaration and payment of dividends will be at the sole discretion of our board of directors. our board of directors may take into account such matters as general business conditions, our financial results, capital requirements, contractual obligations, legal, and regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends to our stockholders or by our subsidiaries to their respective parent entities, and such other factors as the board of directors may deem relevant.
effects of inflation because the majority of our assets are short-term in nature, they are not significantly affected by inflation. however, the rate of inflation may affect our expenses, such as employee compensation, office leasing costs and communications expenses, which may not be readily recoverable in the prices of our services. to the extent inflation results in rising interest rates and has other adverse effects on the securities markets, it may adversely affect our financial position and results of operations.
61
contractual obligations and commitments as of december 31, 2014, we had the following contractual obligations and commitments:
payments due by period

less than                                                               more than total                  1 year                    1 - 3 years             3 - 5 years           5 years
(in thousands)
operating leases                    $25,340                $1,785                         $5,728                  $5,828           $11,999
foreign currency forward contract         31,986                  31,986                       -                       -                  -
$57,326                $33,771                        $5,728                  $5,828           $11,999
we enter into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge our exposure to variability in certain foreign currency cash flows resulting from the net investment in our u.k. subsidiaries. as of december 31, 2014, the notional value of the foreign currency forward contract outstanding was $32.0 million and the fair value of the asset was $0.1 million.
in january 2013, we entered into a three-year credit agreement that provides for revolving loans and letters of credit up to an aggregate of $50.0 million. subject to satisfaction of certain specified conditions, we are permitted to upsize the credit facility by an additional $50.0 million.
in january 2015, our board of directors approved a quarterly dividend to be paid to the holders of the outstanding shares of capital stock. a cash dividend of $0.20 per share will be payable on february 26, 2015 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on february 12, 2015. we expect the total amount payable to be approximately $7.5 million.
62
