item 1a.    risk factors cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information this annual report on form 10-k contains "forward‐looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. the use of words such as "anticipates," "estimates," "expects," "intends," "plans" and "believes," among others, generally identify forward‐looking statements. these forward‐looking statements include, among others, statements relating to: iac's future financial performance, iac's business prospects and strategy, anticipated trends and prospects in the industries in which iac's businesses operate and other similar matters. these forward‐looking statements are based on iac management's expectations and assumptions about future events as of the date of this annual report, which are inherently subject to uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict.
actual results could differ materially from those contained in these forward‐looking statements for a variety of reasons, including, among others, the risk factors set forth below. other unknown or unpredictable factors that could also adversely affect iac's business, financial condition and results of operations may arise from time to time. in light of these risks and uncertainties, the forward‐looking statements discussed in this annual report may not prove to be accurate. accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on these forward‐looking statements, which only reflect the views of iac management as of the date of this annual report. iac does not undertake to update these forward‐looking statements.
risk factors mr. diller owns a significant percentage of the voting power of our stock and will be able to exercise significant influence over the composition of our board of directors, matters subject to stockholder approval and our operations.
as of january 30, 2015, mr. diller owned 5,789,499 shares of iac class b common stock representing 100% of iac's outstanding class b common stock and approximately 42.5% of the total outstanding voting power of iac. as of this date, mr. diller also owned 930,734 vested options to purchase iac common stock and 75,000 unvested options to purchase iac common stock.
in addition, under an amended and restated governance agreement between iac and mr. diller, for so long as mr. diller serves as iac's chairman and senior executive, he generally has the right to consent to limited matters in the event that iac's ratio of total debt to ebitda (as defined in the governance agreement) equals or exceeds four to one over a continuous twelve‐month period. while mr. diller may not currently exercise this right, no assurances can be given that this right will not become exercisable in the future, and if so, that mr. diller will consent to any of the limited matters at such time, in which case iac would not be able to engage in transactions or take actions covered by this consent right.
as a result of mr. diller's ownership interest, voting power and the contractual rights described above, mr. diller currently is in a position to influence, subject to our organizational documents and delaware law, the composition of iac's board of directors and the outcome of corporate actions requiring stockholder approval, such as mergers, business combinations and dispositions of assets, among other corporate transactions. in addition, this concentration of voting power could discourage others from initiating a potential merger, takeover or other change of control transaction that may otherwise be beneficial to iac, which could adversely affect the market price of iac securities.
we depend on our key personnel.
our future success will depend upon our continued ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly skilled individuals, with the continued contributions of our senior management being especially critical to our success. competition for well-qualified employees across iac and its various businesses is intense and our continued ability to compete effectively depends, in part, upon our ability to attract new employees. while we have established programs to attract new employees and provide incentives to retain existing employees, particularly our senior management, we cannot assure you that we will be able to attract new employees or retain the services of our senior management or any other key employees in the future. effective succession planning is also important to our future success. if we fail to ensure the effective transfer of senior management knowledge and smooth transitions involving senior management across our various businesses, our ability to execute short and long term strategic, financial and operating goals, as well as our business, financial condition and results of operations generally, could be adversely affected.
11
we depend upon arrangements with google and any adverse change in this relationship could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
a substantial portion of our consolidated revenue is attributable to a services agreement with google that expires on march 31, 2016. pursuant to this agreement, we display and syndicate paid listings provided by google in response to search queries generated by users of our search & applications properties. in exchange for making our search traffic available to google, we receive a share of the revenue generated by the paid listings supplied to us, as well as certain other search‐related services.
the amount of revenue we receive from google depends upon a number of factors outside of our control, including the amount google charges for advertisements, the efficiency of google's system in attracting advertisers and serving up paid listings in response to search queries and parameters established by google regarding the number and placement of paid listings displayed in response to search queries. in addition, google makes judgments about the relative attractiveness (to advertisers) of clicks on paid listings from searches performed on our search & applications properties and these judgments factor into the amount of revenue we receive. google also makes judgments about the relative attractiveness (to users) of paid listings from searches and these judgments factor into the amount of advertisements we can purchase. changes to google's paid listings network efficiency, its judgment about the relative attractiveness to advertisers of clicks on paid listings from our search & applications properties, its judgment about the relative attractiveness to users of paid listings from searches or the parameters applicable to the display of paid listings could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. such changes could come about for a number of reasons, including general market conditions, competition or policy and operating decisions made by google.
our services agreement with google requires that we comply with certain guidelines promulgated by google for the use of its brands and services, including the manner in which google's paid listings are displayed within search results, and that we establish guidelines to govern certain activities of third parties to whom we syndicate paid listings, including the manner in which these parties drive search traffic to their websites and display paid listings. subject to certain limitations, google may unilaterally update its policies and guidelines without advance notice, which could in turn require modifications to, or prohibit and/or render obsolete certain of, our products, services and/or business practices, which could be costly to address or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. noncompliance with google's guidelines by us or the third parties to whom we syndicate paid listings or through which we secure distribution arrangements for our applications could, if not cured, result in google's suspension of some or all of its services to our websites or the websites of our third party partners, the imposition of additional restrictions on our ability to syndicate paid listings or the termination of the services agreement by google.
the termination of the services agreement by google, the curtailment of iac's rights under the agreement (whether pursuant to the terms thereof or otherwise) or the failure of google to perform its obligations under the agreement would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, our inability to obtain a renewal of our agreement with google with substantially comparable economic and other terms upon the expiration of our current agreement could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, google's ability to limit our ability to market our products and services through its advertising services, whether due to policy or competitive reasons or otherwise, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. if any of these events were to occur, we may not be able to find another suitable alternate paid listings provider (or if an alternate provider were found, the economic and other terms of the agreement and the quality of paid listings may be inferior relative to our arrangements with, and the paid listings supplied by, google) or otherwise replace the lost revenues.
general economic events or trends that reduce advertising spending could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.
a substantial portion of our consolidated revenue is attributable to online advertising. accordingly, we are particularly sensitive to events and trends that could result in decreased advertising expenditures. advertising expenditures have historically been cyclical in nature, reflecting overall economic conditions and budgeting and buying patterns, as well as levels of consumer confidence and discretionary spending.
small and local businesses with which we do business are particularly sensitive to these events and trends, given that they are not as well situated to weather adverse economic conditions as their larger competitors, which are generally better capitalized and have greater access to credit. in the recent past, adverse economic conditions have caused, and if such conditions were to recur in the future they could cause, decreases and/or delays in advertising expenditures, which would reduce our revenues and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
12
our success depends upon the continued growth and acceptance of online advertising, particularly paid listings, as an effective alternative to traditional, offline advertising and the continued commercial use of the internet.
we continue to compete with traditional advertising media, including television, radio and print, in addition to a multitude of websites with high levels of traffic and online advertising networks, for a share of available advertising expenditures and expect to face continued competition as more emerging media and traditional offline media companies continue to enter the online advertising market. we believe that the continued growth and acceptance of online advertising generally will depend, to a large extent, on its perceived effectiveness and the acceptance of related advertising models (particularly in the case of models that incorporate user targeting and/or utilize mobile devices), the continued growth in commercial use of the internet (particularly abroad), the extent to which web browsers, software programs and/or other applications that limit or prevent advertising from being displayed become commonplace and the extent to which the industry is able to effectively manage click fraud. any lack of growth in the market for online advertising, particularly for paid listings, or any decrease in the effectiveness and value of online advertising (whether due to the passage of laws requiring additional disclosure, an industry-wide move to self-regulatory principles that require additional disclosure and/or opt-in policies for advertising that incorporate user targeting or other developments) would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we depend, in part, upon arrangements with third parties to drive traffic to our various websites and distribute our products and services.
we engage in a variety of activities designed to attract traffic to our various websites and convert visitors into repeat users and customers. how successful we are in these efforts depends, in part, upon our continued ability to enter into arrangements with third parties to drive traffic to our various websites, as well as the continued introduction of new and enhanced products and services that resonate with users and customers generally.
for example, we have entered into (and expect to continue to enter into) agreements to distribute search & applications search boxes, toolbars and other applications to users through third parties. most of these agreements are either non‐exclusive and short‐term in nature or, in the case of long‐term or exclusive agreements, are terminable by either party in certain specified circumstances. in addition, a few of these agreements collectively represent a significant percentage of the revenue generated by our b2b operations. our inability to enter into new (or renew existing) agreements to distribute our search boxes, toolbars and other applications through third parties for any reason would result in decreases in website traffic, queries and advertising revenue, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, in the case of the businesses within the match group segment, we have entered into a number of arrangements with third parties to drive traffic to our online personals websites. pursuant to these arrangements, third parties generally promote our services on their websites or through e-mail campaigns and we either pay a fixed fee when visitors to these websites click through to (or register with) our online personals websites or pay a percentage of revenue we receive from such visitors who pay us subscription fees. these arrangements are generally not exclusive, are short‐term in nature and are generally terminable by either party given notice. if existing arrangements with third parties are terminated (or are not renewed upon their expiration) and we fail to replace this traffic and related revenues, or if we are unable to enter into new arrangements with existing and/or new third parties in response to industry trends, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
in the case of our homeadvisor business, our ability to drive traffic depends, in part, on the nature and number of home services professionals who are members of our network. while these home services professionals are required to agree that they will operate in accordance with our terms and conditions, we do not enter into long‐term agreements with them generally and subscription memberships may be canceled at any time. in addition, a significant number of our home services professionals are sole proprietorships and small businesses, which are particularly sensitive to adverse economic conditions, such as constrained liquidity and decreases in consumer spending. as a result, our network of home services professionals experiences turnover. this turnover, if significant or recurring over a prolonged period, could result in a decrease in traffic to homeadvisor.com and increased costs, all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
13
even if we succeed in driving traffic to our properties, we may not be able to convert this traffic or otherwise retain users and customers unless we continue to provide quality products and services. for example, in the case of about.com, we rely on independent, freelance subject matter experts to generate quality content for our users. if we fail to recruit and retain such experts generally and/or the experts ultimately retained cannot provide us with quality content in a cost-effective manner, the experience of our users would be adversely affected, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, we may not be able to adapt quickly and/or in a cost-effective manner to frequent changes in user and customer preferences, which can be difficult to predict, or appropriately time the introduction of enhancements and/or new products or services to the market. our inability to provide quality products and services would adversely affect user and customer experiences, which would result in decreases in users, customers and revenues and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
as discussed below, our traffic building and conversion initiatives also involve the expenditure of considerable sums for marketing, as well as for the development and introduction of new products, services and enhancements, infrastructure and other related efforts.
marketing efforts designed to drive traffic to our various websites may not be successful or cost-effective.
traffic building and conversion initiatives involve considerable expenditures for online and offline advertising and marketing. we have made, and expect to continue to make, significant expenditures for search engine marketing (primarily in the form of the purchase of keywords, which we purchase primarily through google), online display advertising and traditional offline advertising in connection with these initiatives, which may not be successful or cost-effective. in the case of our search engine marketing efforts, our failure to respond successfully to rapid and frequent changes in the pricing and operating dynamics of search engines, as well as changing policies and guidelines applicable to keyword advertising (which may be unilaterally updated by google without advance notice), could adversely affect the placement of paid listings that appear in response to keywords we purchase and the related user experience, as well as adversely affect the pricing of online advertising we purchase generally, which would increase our costs and adversely impact the effectiveness of our advertising efforts overall. in the case of paid advertising generally, the policies of sellers and publishers of advertising (including google) may limit our ability to purchase certain types of advertising or advertise some of our products and services, which could affect our ability to compete effectively and, in turn, adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
one of the most cost-effective efforts we employ to attract and acquire new (and retain existing) users and customers is commonly referred to as search engine optimization, or seo. seo involves developing websites to rank well within search engine results. search engines frequently update and change the logic that determines the placement and display of search results. the failure to successfully manage seo efforts across our businesses, including the timely modification of seo efforts from time to time in response to periodic changes in search engine algorithms, search query trends and related actions by providers of search services designed to ensure the display of unique offerings in search results (which actions by search service providers may result in algorithmic listings being displayed less prominently within search engine results), could result in a substantial decrease in traffic to our various websites, as well as increased costs if we were to replace free traffic with paid traffic, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, search engines continue to expand their offerings into other, non-search related categories, and in certain instances display their own integrated or related product and service offerings in a more prominent manner than those of third parties within their search results. continued expansion and competition from search engines could result in a substantial decrease in traffic to our various websites, as well as increased costs if we were to replace free traffic with paid traffic, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
lastly, as discussed above, we also enter into various arrangements with third parties in an effort to increase traffic, which arrangements are generally more cost-effective than traditional marketing efforts. if we are unable to renew existing (and enter into new) arrangements of this nature, sales and marketing costs as a percentage of revenue would increase over the long-term.
any failure to attract and acquire new (and retain existing) traffic, users and customers in a cost-effective manner could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our success depends, in part, on our ability to build, maintain and/or enhance our various brands.
through our various businesses, we own and operate a number of highly-recognizable brands with strong brand appeal within their respective industries, as well as a number of fledgling brands that we are in the process of building. we believe that our success depends, in part, upon our continuing ability to maintain and enhance our established brands, as well as build awareness of (and loyalty to) our fledgling brands. our brands and brand-building efforts could be negatively impacted by a
14
number of factors, including product and service quality concerns, consumer complaints, actions brought by consumers, governmental or regulatory authorities and related media coverage and data protection and security breaches. moreover, the failure to market our products and services successfully (or in a cost-effective manner), the inability to develop and introduce products and services that resonate with consumers and/or the inability to adapt quickly enough (and/or in a cost effective manner) to evolving changes in the internet and related technologies, applications and devices, could adversely impact our various brands and brand-building efforts, and in turn, our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the internet and related technologies and applications continue to evolve and we may not be able to adapt to these changes.
the development of new products and services in response to the evolving trends and technologies of the internet, as well as the identification of new business opportunities in this dynamic environment, require significant time and resources. we may not be able to adapt quickly enough (and/or in a cost-effective manner) to these changes, appropriately time the introduction of new products and services to the market or identify new business opportunities in a timely manner. also, these changes could require us to modify related infrastructures and our failure to do so could render our existing websites, applications, services and proprietary technologies obsolete. our failure to respond to any of these changes appropriately (and/or in a cost effective manner) could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in the case of certain of our applications, third parties have introduced (and continue to introduce) new or updated technologies and policies that may interfere with the ability of users to access or utilize our applications generally or otherwise make users less likely to use our services (such as through the introduction of features and/or processes that disproportionately and adversely impact the ability of consumers to access and use our services relative to those of our competitors). for example, third parties continue to introduce technologies (including new and enhanced web browsers and operating systems) that may limit or prevent certain types of applications from being installed and/or have features and policies that significantly lessen the likelihood that users will install our applications or that previously installed applications will remain in active use. in addition, there are technologies that interfere with the functionality of (or settings changes made by) our applications. for example, there are technologies that interfere with search boxes embedded within our toolbars and the maintenance of home page and web browser search settings previously selected by our users. these technologies, applications and policies adversely impact our ability to generate search queries through our applications, which in turn adversely impacts our revenues. technologies have also been introduced that can block the display of advertisements on web pages and that provide users with the ability to opt out of advertising products. our failure to successfully modify our toolbars and other applications in a cost-effective manner in response to the introduction and adoption of these new technologies could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our success depends, in part, on our ability to develop and monetize mobile versions of our products and services.
our success depends, in part, on our ability to develop and monetize mobile versions of our products and services. while many of our users continue to access our products and services through personal computers, users of (and usage volumes on) mobile devices, including smartphones and tablets, continue to increase relative to those of personal computers. while we have developed mobile versions of certain of our products and services (and have developed certain products and services exclusively for mobile devices) and intend to continue to do so in the future, we may not be able to monetize these applications as effectively as we monetize our non-mobile products and services. in addition, the success of our mobile applications is dependent on their interoperability with various mobile operating systems, technologies, networks and standards that we do not control and any changes in any of these things that compromise the quality or functionality of our products and services could adversely impact usage of our products and services on mobile devices and, in turn, our ability to attract advertisers. lastly, as the adoption of mobile devices becomes more widespread, we will need to take steps to ensure that our products and services are attractive to users of mobile devices. this shift could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations if we are unable to replace the related revenues.
the processing, storage, use and disclosure of personal data could give rise to liabilities as a result of governmental regulation, conflicting legal requirements or differing views of personal privacy rights.
we receive, transmit and store a large volume of personal information and other user data (including personal credit card data, as well as private content (such as videos and correspondence)) in connection with the processing of search queries, the provision of online products and services, transactions with users and customers and advertising on our websites. the sharing, use, disclosure and protection of this information are determined by the respective privacy and data security policies of our various businesses. these policies are, in turn, subject to federal, state and foreign laws and regulations, as well as evolving industry standards and practices, regarding privacy generally and the storing, sharing, use, disclosure and protection of personal information and user data. examples include the european union data protection directive (as adopted and implemented by the various european union member states, the "eu directive"), various u.s. state regulations concerning minimum data
15
security standards, industry self-regulating principles that have become standard practice and more stringent contractual protections (and related compliance obligations) regarding privacy and data security.
in addition, if an online service provider fails to comply with its privacy policy, it could become subject to an investigation and/or proceeding for unfair or deceptive practices brought by the u.s. federal trade commission under the federal trade commission act (and/or brought by a state attorney general pursuant to a similar state law), as well as a private lawsuit under various u.s. federal and state laws. similarly, in the european union, the online service provider could become subject to an investigation and/or proceeding for the violation of the data protection laws and regulations brought by a member state or its supervisory authority (an independent body charged with monitoring compliance with data protection laws), as well as private causes of action under the eu directive. in general, personal information is increasingly subject to legislation and regulation in numerous jurisdictions around the world (particularly in the european union), the intent of which is to protect the privacy of personal information that is collected, processed and transmitted in or from the governing jurisdiction.
u.s. and foreign legislators and regulators may enact new laws and regulations regarding privacy and data security. for example, in may 2014, the white house released a review of "big data" practices, which called for an update to u.s. privacy laws based on the proposed consumer privacy bill of rights released by the white house in february 2012 and the enactment of a federal data breach notification law. in addition, in february 2013 the u.s. federal trade commission issued a report seeking changes in internet and mobile privacy protection and disclosures. similarly, new privacy laws and regulations at the state level, as well as new laws and directives abroad (particularly in the european union), are being proposed and implemented. for example, legislation in the state of california that became effective on january 1, 2014 requires companies that collect personal information to disclose how they respond to web browser "do not track" signals and the european union is in the process of adopting new guidelines for data protection and privacy to address recent globalization and technological developments, which will supersede the eu directive. in addition, existing privacy laws that were intended for brick-and-mortar businesses could be interpreted in a manner that would extend their reach to our businesses. new laws and regulations (or new interpretations of existing laws) in this area may make it more costly to operate our businesses and/or limit our ability to engage in certain types of activities, such as targeted advertising, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
as privacy and data protection have become more sensitive issues, we may also become exposed to potential liabilities as a result of differing views on the privacy of consumer and other user data collected by our businesses. also, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent security breaches. in the case of security breaches involving personal credit card data, credit card companies could curtail our ability to transact payments and impose fines for failure to comply with payment card industry (pci) data security standards. moreover, any such breach could decrease consumer confidence in the case of the business that experienced the breach or our businesses generally, which would decrease traffic to (and in turn, usage and transactions on) the relevant website and/or our various websites and which in turn, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. the failure of any of our businesses, or their various third party vendors and service providers, to comply with applicable privacy policies, federal, state or foreign privacy laws and regulations or pci standards, as well as the unauthorized release of personal information or other user data for any reason, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we may not be able to protect our systems, infrastructures and technologies from cyber attacks. in addition, we may be adversely impacted by cyber attacks experienced by third parties. any disruption of our systems, infrastructures and technologies, or compromise of our user data or other information, due to cyber attacks could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the incidence of malicious technology-related events, such as cyber attacks, computer hacking, computer viruses, worms or other destructive or disruptive software, distributed denial of service attacks or other malicious activities (or any combination of these events) is on the rise worldwide. from time to time, we may become the victim of these types of attacks.
while we continuously develop and maintain systems to detect and prevent events of this nature from impacting our various businesses, these efforts are costly and require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome preventative security measures become more sophisticated. despite our efforts, we cannot assure you that these events will not occur in the future and if they do occur, will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
furthermore, we may become the victim of security breaches, such as the misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification or accidental release or loss of user, customer or vendor data maintained in our information technology systems or those of third parties with whom we do business (or upon whom we otherwise rely in connection with our day to day operations).
16
any cyber attack or security breach we experience could prevent us from providing our products and services, damage our reputation, erode our brands and/or be costly to remedy, as well as result in a degradation of our products and services and/or cause damage to our systems, infrastructures, technologies and data. even if we do not experience such events, the impact of any such events experienced by third parties with whom we do business (or upon whom we otherwise rely in connection with our day to day operations) could have a similar effect. moreover, even cyber attacks and security breaches that do not impact us directly may result in a loss of consumer confidence generally, which could make consumers and users less likely to use our products and services.
in addition, we may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate for losses resulting from any of these events.
we may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates and even if we are able to do so, we may experience operational and financial risks in connection with acquisitions. in addition, some of the businesses we acquire may incur significant losses from operations or experience impairment of carrying value.
we have made numerous acquisitions in the past and we continue to seek to identify potential acquisition candidates that will allow us to apply our expertise to expand their capabilities, as well as maximize our existing assets. as a result, our future growth may depend, in part, on acquisitions. we may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates or complete acquisitions on satisfactory pricing or other terms and we expect to continue to experience competition in connection with our acquisition-related efforts.
even if we identify what we believe to be suitable acquisition candidates and negotiate satisfactory terms, we may experience operational and financial risks in connection with acquisitions, and to the extent that we continue to grow through acquisitions, we will need to:
•   successfully integrate the operations, as well as the accounting, financial controls, management information, technology, human resources and other administrative systems, of acquired businesses with our existing operations and systems;
•   successfully identify and realize potential synergies among acquired and existing businesses;
•   retain or hire senior management and other key personnel at acquired businesses; and
•   successfully manage acquisition‐related strain on the management, operations and financial resources of iac and its businesses and/or acquired businesses.
we may not be successful in addressing these challenges or any other problems encountered in connection with historical and future acquisitions. in addition, the anticipated benefits of one or more acquisitions may not be realized and future acquisitions could result in increased operating losses, potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities and the assumption of contingent liabilities. also, the value of goodwill and other intangible assets acquired could be impacted by one or more continuing unfavorable events and/or trends, which could result in significant impairment charges. the occurrence of any these events could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we operate in various international markets, some in which we have limited experience. as a result, we face additional risks in connection with our international operations. also, we may not be able to successfully expand into new, or further into our existing, international markets.
we currently operate in various jurisdictions abroad and may continue to expand our international presence. in order for our products and services in these jurisdictions to achieve widespread acceptance, commercial use and acceptance of the internet must continue to grow, which growth may occur at slower rates than those experienced in the united states. moreover, we must continue to successfully tailor our products and services to the unique customs and cultures of foreign jurisdictions, which can be difficult and costly and the failure to do so could slow our international growth and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
operating abroad, particularly in jurisdictions where we have limited experience, exposes us to additional risks. for example, we may experience difficulties in managing international operations due to distance, language and cultural differences and political and/or economic instability, including issues associated with establishing and maintaining effective management systems and infrastructures (including disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting), the staffing of foreign operations, exchange rate fluctuations and online privacy and protection of personal information. our success in international markets will also depend, in part, on our ability to identify potential acquisition candidates, joint
17
venture or other partners, and to enter into arrangements with these parties on favorable terms and successfully integrate their businesses and operations with our own.
a variety of new laws, or new interpretations of existing laws, could subject us to claims or otherwise harm our business.
we are subject to a variety of laws in the u.s. and abroad that are costly to comply with, can result in negative publicity and diversion of management time and effort, and can subject us to claims or other remedies. some of these laws, such as income, sales, use, value‐added and other tax laws and consumer protection laws, are applicable to businesses generally and others are unique to the various types of businesses in which we are engaged. many of these laws were adopted prior to the advent of the internet and related technologies and, as a result, do not contemplate or address the unique issues of the internet and related technologies. laws that do reference the internet are being interpreted by the courts, but their applicability and scope remain uncertain.
for example, through our various businesses we post and link to third party content, including third party advertisements, links and websites. we also allow users to submit content, such as comments, photographs and videos. we could be subject to liability for posting, hosting or linking to third party content, and while we generally require third parties to indemnify us for related claims, we may not be able to enforce our indemnification rights. some laws, including the communications decency act, or cda, and the digital millennium copyright act, or dmca, limit our liability for posting or linking to third party content. for example, the dmca generally protects online service providers from claims of copyright infringement based on the storage of third party content at the direction of the user, so long as certain statutory requirements are satisfied. however, the scope and applicability of the dmca are subject to judicial interpretation and, as such, remain uncertain, and the u.s. congress may enact legislation affecting (and potentially limiting) the protections afforded by the dmca to online service providers. moreover, similar protections may not exist in other jurisdictions in which our various businesses operate. as a result, claims have been, and could be, threatened and filed under both u.s. and foreign laws based upon use of third party content asserting, among other things, negligence, defamation, invasion of privacy or right or publicity, copyright infringement or trademark infringement.
also, we send electronic messages to users through our various businesses, as well as develop, market and/or distribute a variety of downloadable applications through our b2c and b2b operations, which could subject us to liability for failing to comply with laws governing the sending of electronic messages to our users and the installation of downloadable applications. for example, canada's anti-spam legislation ("casl"), which became effective on july 1, 2014, prohibits all commercial electronic messages (including e-mail, text, social media, sound and image messages) that are sent without proper consumer consent. and, effective january 15, 2015, the casl restricts the unsolicited installation of computer programs and applications.  while several canadian regulators are jointly empowered to enforce and issue administrative and monetary penalties for casl violations, effective july 1, 2017 individuals may also file private and class action lawsuits to collect statutory damages for casl violations.
in addition, changing internet business practices may attract increased legal and regulatory attention. one example of such changing practices is the increasing use of "native" advertising, a form of advertising in which sponsored content is presented in a manner that some may view as similar to traditional editorial content. the u.s. federal trade commission has indicated that it will continue to monitor the use of online native advertising to ensure that it is presented in a manner that is not confusing or deceptive to consumers.
any failure on our part to comply with applicable laws may subject us to additional liabilities, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, if the laws to which we are currently subject are amended or interpreted adversely to our interests, or if new adverse laws are adopted, our products and services might need to be modified to comply with such laws, which would increase our costs and could result in decreased demand for our products and services to the extent that we pass on such costs to our customers. specifically, in the case of tax laws, positions that we have taken or will take are subject to interpretation by the relevant taxing authorities. while we believe that the positions we have taken to date comply with applicable law, there can be no assurances that the relevant taxing authorities will not take a contrary position, and if so, that such positions will not adversely affect us. any events of this nature could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we may fail to adequately protect our intellectual property rights or may be accused of infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties.
we regard our intellectual property rights, including trademarks, domain names, trade secrets, patents, copyrights and other similar intellectual property, as critical to our success. for example, the businesses within certain of our reporting segments (search & applications, the match group and ecommerce) rely heavily upon their trademarks (primarily ask.com,
18
about.com, dictionary.com, investopedia, pricerunner, ask.fm, our various toolbar brands, slimware, match.com, okcupid.com, ourtime.com, meetic.com, homeadvisor.com and shoebuy.com and related domain names and logos), through which they market their products and services and seek to build and maintain brand loyalty and recognition. so long as these businesses continue to police unauthorized use of these trademarks and take action against infringement, use these trademarks to identify their products and services and timely renew trademark and related domain name registrations as required, they should continue to enjoy trademark protection indefinitely under current laws, rules and regulations.
the businesses within our search & applications segment also rely upon trade secrets, including algorithms for the generation, organization and presentation of search results. to a lesser extent, these businesses also rely upon patented and patent‐pending proprietary technologies and processes, primarily those relating to search‐related products and services, with expiration dates for patented technologies ranging from 2017 to 2033, and copyrighted material, primarily software and content, such as emoticons, characters and other content that is incorporated into (and used in connection with the marketing of) toolbars and applications generally.
the match group segment also relies upon trade secrets and patented (with expiration dates ranging from 2025 to 2034) and patent‐pending proprietary technologies relating to matching process systems and related features, products and services. homeadvisor relies heavily upon trade secrets, primarily the matching algorithm through which members of its network of home services professionals are matched with consumers, as well as related patented proprietary technologies that expire in 2020.
we rely on a combination of laws and contractual restrictions with employees, customers, suppliers, affiliates and others to establish and protect our various intellectual property rights. for example, we have generally registered and continue to apply to register and renew, or secure by contract where appropriate, trademarks and service marks as they are developed and used, and reserve, register and renew domain names as we deem appropriate. effective trademark protection may not be available or may not be sought in every country in which products and services are made available and contractual disputes may affect the use of marks governed by private contract. similarly, not every variation of a domain name may be available or be registered, even if available.
we also generally seek to apply for patents or for other similar statutory protections as and if we deem appropriate, based on then current facts and circumstances, and will continue to do so in the future. no assurances can be given that any patent application we have filed (or will file) will result in a patent being issued, or that any existing or future patents will afford adequate protection against competitors and similar technologies. in addition, no assurances can be given that third parties will not create new products or methods that achieve similar results without infringing upon patents we own.
despite these measures, our intellectual property rights may still not be protected in a meaningful manner, challenges to contractual rights could arise or third parties could copy or otherwise obtain and use our intellectual property without authorization. the occurrence of any of these events could result in the erosion of our brands and limitations on our ability to control marketing on or through the internet using our various domain names, as well as impede our ability to effectively compete against competitors with similar technologies, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
from time to time, we have been subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business, including claims of alleged infringement of trademarks, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property rights held by third parties. in addition, litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights claimed by others. any litigation of this nature, regardless of outcome or merit, could result in substantial costs and diversion of management and technical resources, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. patent litigation tends to be particularly protracted and expensive.
our success depends, in part, on the integrity of our systems and infrastructures and those of third parties. system interruptions and the lack of integration and redundancy in our and third party information systems may affect our business.
to succeed, our systems and infrastructures must perform well on a consistent basis. from time to time, we may experience occasional system interruptions that make some or all of our systems or data unavailable or that prevent us from providing products and services. moreover, as traffic to our websites, applications and online properties increases and the number of new (and presumably more complex) products and services that we introduce continues to grow, we will need to upgrade our systems, infrastructures and technologies generally to facilitate this growth. if we fail to do so, users, customers and third parties with whom we do business may not be able to access our products and services on an intermittent or
19
prolonged basis, which could adversely affect the quality of their experiences. in addition, we could experience inefficiencies and/or operational failures in connection with these efforts, which could have the same effect. moreover, even if we do not experience inefficiencies and/or operational failures in connection with these efforts, third parties with whom we do business (or upon whom we otherwise rely in connection with our day to day operations) may not make the changes to their systems, infrastructures and technologies needed to access our products and services on a timely basis, if at all. the occurrence of any of these events could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we also rely on third party computer systems, data centers, broadband and other communications systems and service providers in connection with the provision of our products and services generally, as well as to facilitate and process certain transactions with our users and customers. any interruptions, outages or delays in our systems or those of our third party providers, or deterioration in the performance of these systems, could impair our ability to provide our products and services and/or process certain transactions with users and customers. furthermore, fire, power loss, telecommunications failure, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism, acts of god and other similar events or disruptions may damage or interrupt computer, data, broadband or other communications systems at any time. any event of this nature could cause system interruptions, delays and loss of critical data, and could prevent us from providing services to users and customers. while we have backup systems in place for certain aspects of our operations, our systems are not fully redundant and disaster recovery planning is not sufficient for all eventualities. in addition, we may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate for losses from a major interruption.
if any of these events were to occur, it could damage our reputation and result in the loss of current and potential users and customers, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and otherwise be costly to remedy.
our estimated income taxes could be materially different from income taxes that we ultimately pay.
we are subject to income taxes in both the united states and numerous jurisdictions abroad. significant judgment and estimation is required in determining our provision for income taxes and related matters. in the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determinations are uncertain or otherwise subject to interpretation. our determination of our income tax liability is always subject to review by applicable tax authorities and we are currently subject to audits in a number of jurisdictions. although we believe our income tax estimates and related determinations are reasonable and appropriate, relevant taxing authorities may disagree. the ultimate outcome of any such audits and reviews could be materially different from estimates and determinations reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals. any adverse outcome of any such audit or review could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations management overview iac is a leading media and internet company. the company is organized into four segments: the match group, which consists of dating, education and fitness businesses with brands such as match, okcupid, tinder, the princeton review and dailyburn; search & applications, which includes brands such as about.com, ask.com, dictionary.com and investopedia; media, which includes businesses such as vimeo, electus, the daily beast and collegehumor; and ecommerce, which includes homeadvisor and shoebuy. iac's brands and products are among the most recognized in the world, reaching users in over 200 countries.
sources of revenue substantially all of the revenue from our search & applications segment is derived from online advertising. this revenue is primarily attributable to our services agreement with google inc. ("google"), which expires on march 31, 2016. our services agreement requires that we comply with certain guidelines promulgated by google. subject to certain limitations, google may unilaterally update its policies and guidelines, which could require modification to, or prohibit and/or render obsolete certain of our products, services and/or business practices, which could be costly to address or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, revenue earned from google was $1.4 billion, $1.5 billion and $1.4 billion, respectively.
the revenue earned from the match group segment is derived from dating and non-dating services. dating revenue is principally earned from subscription fees for our subscription-based online personals and related services; with additional revenue generated from online advertising. non-dating revenue is primarily earned from fees received for in-person and online test preparation classes, access to online test preparation materials and individual tutoring services. the revenue earned by our media segment is derived from media production, subscriptions and advertising. homeadvisor's revenue is derived primarily from fees paid by members of its network of home services professionals for consumer leads and subscription sales to service professionals. shoebuy's revenue is derived principally from merchandise sales.
strategic partnerships, advertiser relationships and online advertising a significant component of the company's revenue is attributable to the services agreement with google described above. we market and offer our products and services directly to consumers through branded websites and subscriptions, allowing consumers to transact directly with us in a convenient manner. we have made, and expect to continue to make, substantial investments in online and offline advertising to build our brands and drive traffic to our websites and consumers and advertisers to our businesses.
we pay traffic acquisition costs, which consist of payments to partners who distribute our b2b customized browser-based applications, integrate our paid listings into their websites or direct traffic to our websites. we also pay to market and distribute our services on third-party distribution channels, such as search engines and internet portals. in addition, some of our businesses manage affiliate programs, pursuant to which we pay commissions and fees to third parties based on revenue earned. these distribution channels might also offer their own products and services, as well as those of other third parties, which compete with those we offer.
the cost of acquiring new consumers through online and offline third-party distribution channels has increased, particularly in the case of online channels as internet commerce continues to grow and competition in the markets in which iac's businesses operate increases.
factors affecting results in 2014, we delivered 3% revenue growth; however, adjusted ebitda and operating income declined 9% and 11%, respectively. revenue growth was primarily driven by the match group segment, while the declines in adjusted ebitda and operating income were primarily driven by the search & applications and media segments. revenue from the match group segment benefited from increased subscribers and the contributions from the princeton review, which was acquired august 1, 2014, and friendscout24, which was acquired august 31, 2014. the results of our search & applications segment were negatively impacted by decreased revenue from our applications business, which was principally due to lower queries from our b2b operations. the search & applications adjusted ebitda was negatively impacted by the loss from slimware, which was acquired april 1, 2014, due to the write-off of $11.0 million of deferred revenue in connection with its acquisition, partially offset by the positive contribution of valueclick's "owned & operated" ("o&o") website businesses, which was acquired january 10, 2014. within the media segment, additional investment in vimeo increased its revenue and losses; this revenue increase was more than offset by the lower revenue and increased losses at the daily beast following its sale of newsweek in august 2013, which generated a $6.3 million gain.
other events affecting year-over-year comparability include:
24
(i)   a $3.9 million benefit in 2014 related to the expiration of the statute of limitations for a non-income tax matter (reflected in the match group segment);
(ii)   the sale of the rezbook assets in july 2013, which resulted in a gain of $8.4 million (reflected in the ecommerce segment);
(iii)   the move of citygrid from the ecommerce segment to the search &amp; applications segment, effective july 1, 2013, following its reorganization; and
(iv)   $4.2 million in employee termination costs associated with the citygrid restructuring in 2013 (reflected in the ecommerce segment).
results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012
revenue years ended december 31,
2014                                                     $ change          % change   2013                               $ change          % change   2012
(dollars in thousands)
search &amp; applications      $1,596,251            $(8,699    )         (1     )%          $1,604,950             $139,155               9      %          $1,465,795
the match group                   897,245             91,855              11      %             805,390               91,168              13      %             714,222
media                             181,780             (9,654    )         (5     )%             191,434               27,383              17      %             164,051
ecommerce                         435,361             13,295               3      %             422,066              (35,116    )         (8     )%             457,182
inter-segment elimination          (1,090   )           (237    )        (28     )%                (853   )             (536    )       (170     )%                (317   )
total                          $3,109,547            $86,560               3      %          $3,022,987             $222,054               8      %          $2,800,933
for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013
search & applications revenue decreased 1% to $1.6 billion reflecting a decline from applications (which includes our direct-to-consumer downloadable applications operations (b2c), our partnership operations (b2b), slimware and apalon), partially offset by an increase from websites (which is principally composed of ask.com, about.com, citygrid, dictionary.com, investopedia, pricerunner.com and ask.fm). applications revenue decreased 7% to $760.5 million, despite strong query growth from our b2c operations and the contribution of slimware, which was acquired on april 1, 2014, primarily due to lower queries from our b2b operations. websites revenue grew 6% to $835.8 million driven by the acquisition of the valueclick o&o website businesses on january 10, 2014, growth from about.com and the contribution of citygrid, which had been moved from the ecommerce segment to the search & applications segment, effective july 1, 2013, following its reorganization, partially offset by a decline in revenue from ask.com.
the match group revenue increased 11% to $897.2 million driven by a 6% increase in dating revenue. dating north america revenue (which includes match, chemistry, people media, okcupid, tinder and other dating businesses operating within the united states and canada) and dating international revenue (which includes meetic, tinder and all other dating businesses operating outside of the united states and canada) both increased 6% to $557.2 million and $279.3 million, respectively. these businesses are collectively referred to as "dating." the growth in dating revenue was driven by increased paid subscribers. north america and international paid subscribers increased 5% and 4%, respectively. non-dating revenue (consisting of the princeton review, tutor.com and dailyburn) increased 254% principally due to the contribution of the princeton review, which was acquired on august 1, 2014.
media revenue decreased 5% to $181.8 million primarily due to the impact of the closure of the newsweek print business and sale of the newsweek digital business in august 2013 and declines at electus, partially offset by strong growth at vimeo and the contribution in the current year of $11.3 million from iac films.
ecommerce revenue increased 3% to $435.4 million due to growth at homeadvisor and shoebuy, partially offset by the move of citygrid described above. the increase in revenue from homeadvisor is driven by an increase in domestic service requests and accepts of 13% and 9%, respectively.
for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the year ended december 31, 2012
search & applications revenue increased 9% to $1.6 billion, reflecting strong growth from websites and applications. websites revenue grew 11% to $786.9 million, reflecting the contribution from the about group, acquired
25
september 24, 2012, and citygrid, following its move from the ecommerce segment to the search & applications segment. the about group revenue increased $108.4 million to $138.6 million in 2013, as it was not in the full prior year period. applications revenue grew 8% to $818.0 million, driven by increased contributions from existing and new b2c products.
the match group revenue increased 13% to $805.4 million driven by a 10% increase in dating revenue. dating north america and dating international revenue increased 10% to $523.7 million and 12% to $264.5 million, respectively. the growth in dating revenue was driven by increased paid subscribers. north america and international paid subscribers increased 18% and 23%, respectively. international revenue also benefited from the contribution of twoo, which was acquired january 4, 2013. international revenue in 2012 was negatively impacted by the write-off of $5.2 million of deferred revenue in connection with the acquisition of meetic. non-dating revenue increased to $17.2 million due primarily to the contribution from tutor.com, an online tutoring solution acquired december 14, 2012.
media revenue increased 17% to $191.4 million primarily due to strong growth from electus and vimeo.
ecommerce revenue decreased 8% to $422.1 million due to the move of citygrid described above, partially offset by increased sales at homeadvisor and shoebuy.
cost of revenue years ended december 31,
2014                                        $ change         % change   2013                  $ change       % change   2012
(dollars in thousands)
cost of revenue              $883,176       $(120,545)       (12)%           $1,003,721       $12,033        1%              $991,688
as a percentage of revenue        28%                                               33%                                           35%
cost of revenue consists primarily of traffic acquisition costs and includes payments made to partners who distribute our b2b customized browser-based applications, integrate our paid listings into their websites or direct traffic to our websites. these payments include amounts based on revenue share and other arrangements. cost of revenue also includes shoebuy's cost of products sold and shipping and handling costs, production costs related to media produced by electus and other businesses within our media segment, content acquisition costs, expenses associated with the operation of the company's data centers, including compensation (including stock-based compensation) and other employee-related costs for personnel engaged in data center functions, rent, energy and hosting fees.
for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013
cost of revenue in 2014 decreased from 2013 primarily due to decreases of $135.3 million from search & applications and $12.3 million from ecommerce, partially offset by an increase of $32.9 million from the match group. the search & applications decrease was primarily due to a reduction of $154.5 million in traffic acquisition costs driven primarily by lower revenue from our b2b operations, partially offset by the acquisition of the valueclick o&o website businesses and the move of citygrid from the ecommerce segment to the search & applications segment. the ecommerce decrease was primarily due to the move of citygrid, partially offset by an increase in the cost of products sold at shoebuy resulting from increased sales. the match group increase was primarily due to the acquisition of the princeton review and increases in revenue share payments made in connection with in-app purchases sold through dating's mobile products and hosting fees. as a percentage of revenue, cost of revenue in 2014 decreased from 2013 primarily due to an increase in the proportion of websites revenue that resulted from increased online marketing due to the acquisition of the valueclick o&o website businesses and strong growth from about.com.
for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the year ended december 31, 2012
cost of revenue in 2013 increased from 2012 primarily due to increases of $12.7 million from the match group and $10.1 million from search & applications, partially offset by a decrease of $8.4 million from ecommerce. the match group increase is primarily due to various acquisitions at dating and an increase in content acquisition costs from tutor.com, which was acquired december 14, 2012. the search & applications increase was primarily due to an increase in content acquisition costs resulting from the acquisition of the about group and the move of citygrid from the ecommerce segment to the search & applications segment, partially offset by a decrease of $7.7 million in traffic acquisition costs driven primarily by decreased revenue from ask.com. the ecommerce decrease was primarily due to the move of citygrid, partially offset by increases in revenue share payments at homeadvisor and cost of products sold at shoebuy resulting from increased sales. as a percentage of revenue, cost of revenue in 2013 decreased from 2012 primarily due to the transition of newsweek from a print business to a digital only publication in december 2012 (which was subsequently sold in august 2013) and a decrease in traffic acquisition costs due to an increase in the proportion of websites revenue that resulted from increased online marketing.
26
selling and marketing expense years ended december 31,
2014                                             $ change       % change   2013                $ change       % change   2012
(dollars in thousands)
selling and marketing expense   $1,124,437       $168,027       18%             $956,410       $61,972        7%              $894,438
as a percentage of revenue             36%                                           32%                                           32%
selling and marketing expense consists primarily of advertising expenditures and compensation (including stock-based compensation) and other employee-related costs for personnel engaged in sales, sales support and customer service functions. advertising expenditures include online marketing, including fees paid to search engines and third parties that distribute our b2c downloadable applications, and offline marketing, which is primarily television advertising.
for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013
selling and marketing expense in 2014 increased from 2013 due to increases of $116.4 million from search & applications, $24.0 million from the match group, $19.2 million from ecommerce and $8.9 million from media. the search & applications increase was primarily due to a $111.5 million increase in online marketing, which was primarily related to our b2c downloadable applications, about.com and the acquisitions of the valueclick o&o website businesses and slimware in 2014. search & applications was also impacted by an increase in compensation due, in part, to recent acquisitions. the match group increase was primarily due to an increase of $20.2 million in offline and online marketing and the acquisition of the princeton review. the ecommerce increase was primarily due to increases of $14.0 million in offline and online marketing principally related to homeadvisor and $6.9 million in compensation due, in part, to an increase in headcount at homeadvisor. the media increase was primarily due to an increase in both online and offline marketing at vimeo. search & applications and ecommerce were also impacted by the move of citygrid from the ecommerce segment to the search & applications segment. as a percentage of revenue, selling and marketing expense in 2014 increased from 2013 primarily due to an increase in online marketing at search & applications as a result of the acquisition of the valueclick o&o website businesses.
for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the year ended december 31, 2012
selling and marketing expense in 2013 increased from 2012 due to increases of $42.7 million from search & applications, $21.2 million from the match group and $6.8 million from media, partially offset by a decrease of $7.1 million from ecommerce. the search & applications increase is primarily due to increases of $28.3 million and $11.2 million in online marketing and compensation, respectively. the increase in online marketing was primarily related to b2c downloadable applications and the inclusion of the about group beginning september 24, 2012. the match group increase was primarily due to increases of $14.3 million in advertising expenditures and $5.6 million in compensation. the increase in advertising expenditures was primarily due to an increase in television advertising. the increase in compensation was primarily due to an increase in headcount at meetic and various acquisitions. the media increase was primarily due to an increase of $5.7 million in online marketing at vimeo. the ecommerce decrease was primarily due to the move of citygrid to the search & applications segment, partially offset by an increase of $4.0 million in online and offline marketing at homeadvisor.
general and administrative expense years ended december 31,
2014                                                $ change       % change   2013                $ change       % change   2012
(dollars in thousands)
general and administrative expense   $443,610       $65,468        17%             $378,142       $(8,319)       (2)%            $386,461
as a percentage of revenue                14%                                           13%                                           14%
general and administrative expense consists primarily of compensation (including stock-based compensation) and other employee-related costs for personnel engaged in executive management, finance, legal, tax and human resources, facilities costs and fees for professional services.
for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013
27
general and administrative expense in 2014 increased from 2013 due to increases of $21.2 million from search & applications, $15.8 million from the match group, $11.9 million from ecommerce, $10.4 million from corporate, and $6.1 million from media. the search & applications increase was primarily due to recent acquisitions, the most significant being the valueclick o&o website businesses, and increases in compensation and professional fees. the increase in professional fees was primarily due to transaction fees related to various acquisitions made in 2014. the match group increase was primarily due to the acquisition of the princeton review and an increase in compensation, partially offset by a decrease of $13.3 million in acquisition-related contingent consideration fair value adjustments. the increase in compensation was primarily due to an increase in headcount due, in part, to recent acquisitions. the ecommerce increase was primarily due to the inclusion in the prior year of an $8.4 million gain on the sale of rezbook assets in july 2013 and an increase in compensation at homeadvisor and shoebuy, partially offset by $4.2 million in employee termination costs in the prior year associated with the citygrid restructuring. the corporate increase was primarily due to increases in compensation and professional fees. the increase in compensation was primarily due to a $7.5 million increase in non-cash compensation expense related to the issuance of equity awards since the prior year. the media increase was primarily due to the inclusion of a $6.3 million gain related to the sale of newsweek in august 2013.
for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the year ended december 31, 2012
general and administrative expense in 2013 decreased from 2012 due to decreases of $25.3 million from corporate, $9.4 million from ecommerce and $6.4 million from media, partially offset by increases of $20.4 million from the match group and $12.4 million from search & applications. the corporate decrease was primarily due to a decrease of $25.5 million in non-cash compensation expense related primarily to the vesting of certain awards and an increase in the number of awards forfeited as compared to the prior year. the ecommerce decrease was primarily due to the inclusion of an $8.4 million gain on the sale of the rezbook assets in july 2013. the media decrease was primarily due to $7.0 million in restructuring costs in 2012 related to the transition of newsweek to a digital only publication and a $6.3 million gain related to the subsequent sale of newsweek in august 2013, partially offset by an increase in compensation related to the growth in vimeo. the match group increase was primarily due to various acquisitions, an increase in compensation of $5.6 million at dating, resulting from an increase in headcount, and an increase in professional fees due primarily to transaction fees related to the purchase of the remaining publicly-traded shares of meetic ("meetic tender offer"). the search & applications increase was primarily due to the inclusion of the about group beginning september 24, 2012.
product development expense years ended december 31,
2014                                         $ change       % change   2013                $ change       % change   2012
(dollars in thousands)
product development expense   $160,515       $20,756        15%             $139,759       $23,233        20%             $116,526
as a percentage of revenue          5%                                            5%                                            4%
product development expense consists primarily of compensation (including stock-based compensation) and other employee-related costs that are not capitalized for personnel engaged in the design, development, testing and enhancement of product offerings and related technology.
for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013
product development expense in 2014 increased from 2013 primarily due to increases of $13.2 million from search & applications and $6.7 million from the match group. the search & applications increase is primarily related to the acquisition of the valueclick o&o website businesses and an increase in compensation at websites primarily due to increased headcount. the match group increase is primarily related to an increase in compensation driven primarily by increased headcount at tinder and tutor.com.
for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the year ended december 31, 2012
product development expense in 2013 increased from 2012 primarily due to increases of $16.3 million from search & applications, $5.3 million from the match group and $4.4 million from media. the search & applications increase is primarily due to an increase in compensation associated with the inclusion of the about group beginning september 24, 2012, and an increase in headcount related to b2c products. the match group increase is primarily due to various acquisitions. the media increase is primarily due to the daily beast, consolidated june 1, 2012.
28
depreciation years ended december 31,
2014                                       $ change       % change   2013               $ change       % change   2012
(dollars in thousands)
depreciation                 $61,156       $2,247         4%              $58,909       $6,428         12%             $52,481
as a percentage of revenue        2%                                           2%                                           2%
for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013
depreciation in 2014 increased from 2013 due to acquisitions and the incremental depreciation associated with capital expenditures, partially offset by certain fixed assets becoming fully depreciated and the inclusion in the prior year of the write-off of $2.7 million in capitalized software costs at the about group primarily related to projects which commenced prior to its acquisition.
for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the year ended december 31, 2012
depreciation in 2013 increased from 2012 due to the incremental depreciation associated with capital expenditures, various acquisitions and the write-off of $2.7 million in capitalized software costs at the about group described above, partially offset by certain fixed assets becoming fully depreciated.
adjusted ebitda years ended december 31,
2014                                              $ change                 % change   2013                             $ change          % change   2012
(dollars in thousands)
search &amp; applications       $362,029          $(23,822      )         (6     )%          $385,851              $57,710              18      %          $328,141
the match group                  264,736          (2,213        )         (1     )%           266,949               30,171              13      %           236,778
media                            (36,720   )      (19,744       )       (116     )%           (16,976   )           21,579              56      %           (38,555   )
ecommerce                         17,282          (5,608        )        (25     )%            22,890               (8,310    )        (27     )%            31,200
corporate                        (63,251   )      (2,840        )         (5     )%           (60,411   )             (292    )          -      %           (60,119   )
total                           $544,076          $(54,227      )         (9     )%          $598,303             $100,858              20      %          $497,445
as a percentage of revenue               17%                                                          20%                                                           18%
refer to note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for reconciliations of adjusted ebitda to operating income (loss) by reportable segment.
for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013
search & applications adjusted ebitda decreased 6% to $362.0 million, primarily due to the lower revenue noted above, increases in selling and marketing expense and general and administrative expense and losses related to the acquisition of slimware, partially offset by the move of citygrid from the ecommerce segment to the search & applications segment, a decrease in cost of revenue and the contribution from the acquisition of the valueclick o&o website businesses. the loss from slimware was due to the write-off of $11.0 million of deferred revenue in connection with its acquisition on april 1, 2014. the increase in selling and marketing expense was primarily due to an increase in online marketing related to our b2c downloadable applications and about.com. the increase in general and administrative expense was primarily due to increases in compensation and professional fees. the decrease in cost of revenue was primarily due to a decrease in traffic acquisition costs driven from lower revenue from our b2b operations.
the match group adjusted ebitda decreased 1% to $264.7 million despite higher revenue noted above, primarily due to losses related to the princeton review and friendscout24 acquisitions and higher cost of revenue, selling and marketing expense and general and administrative expense. the losses from the princeton review and friendscout24 were due to the write-off of $11.8 million of deferred revenue in connection with these acquisitions. the increase in cost of revenue was primarily due to increases in revenue share payments made in connection with in-app purchases sold through dating's mobile products and hosting fees. the increase in selling and marketing expense was primarily due to an increase in offline and online marketing. the increase in general and administrative expense was primarily due to an increase in compensation, partially
29
offset by a $3.9 million benefit recorded in the first quarter of 2014 related to the expiration of the statute of limitations for a non-income tax matter.
media adjusted ebitda loss increased 116% to a loss of $36.7 million primarily due to increased investment in vimeo, the inclusion in the prior year of a $6.3 million gain related to the sale of newsweek in august 2013 and losses at iac films, partially offset by lower losses at electus.
ecommerce adjusted ebitda decreased 25% to $17.3 million primarily due to the prior year benefiting from an $8.4 million gain on the sale of rezbook assets in july 2013 and the move of citygrid to the search & applications segment, partially offset by $4.2 million in employee termination costs in 2013 associated with the citygrid restructuring.
corporate adjusted ebitda loss increased 5% to a loss of $63.3 million primarily due to higher professional fees.
for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the year ended december 31, 2012
search & applications adjusted ebitda increased 18% to $385.9 million, due to the higher revenue noted above, partially offset by increases of $42.7 million in selling and marketing expense, $16.3 million in product development expense, $12.4 million in general and administrative expense and $10.1 million in cost of revenue. the increase in selling and marketing expense was primarily due to b2c downloadable applications and the inclusion of the about group, beginning september 24, 2012. the increase in both product development expense and general and administrative expense was primarily due to an increase in compensation related to the inclusion of the about group. product development expense was also impacted by an increase in headcount related to b2c products. the increase in costs of revenue was primarily due to an increase in content acquisition costs resulting from the acquisition of the about group and the inclusion of citygrid in the search & applications segment, partially offset by a decrease of $7.7 million in traffic acquisition costs driven primarily by decreased revenue from ask.com.
the match group adjusted ebitda increased 13% to $266.9 million, due to the revenue growth noted above, partially offset by increases of $21.2 million in selling and marketing expense, $20.4 million in general and administrative expense, $12.7 million in cost of revenue and $5.3 million in product development expense. the increase in selling and marketing expense was primarily due to increases in television advertising and compensation due, in part, to an increase in headcount at meetic and various acquisitions. the increases in general and administrative expense, cost of revenue and product development expense were primarily due to various acquisitions. general and administrative expense was also impacted by an increase in compensation of $5.6 million at dating, resulting from an increase in headcount and higher professional fees primarily due to transaction fees related to the meetic tender offer.
media adjusted ebitda loss decreased 56% to a loss of $17.0 million primarily due to the closure of the newsweek print business and the inclusion of a $6.3 million gain related to the sale of newsweek in august 2013.
ecommerce adjusted ebitda decreased 27% to $22.9 million reflecting the move of citygrid to the search & applications segment and $4.2 million in employee termination costs associated with the citygrid reorganization that took place in the second quarter of 2013. partially offsetting the decrease in adjusted ebitda was the inclusion of an $8.4 million gain on the sale of the rezbook assets in july 2013.
30
operating income (loss)
years ended december 31,
2014                                              $ change                   % change   2013                             $ change          % change   2012
(dollars in thousands)
search &amp; applications       $311,340          $(28,777      )           (8     )%          $340,117              $34,473              11      %          $305,644
the match group                  240,912          12,757             6              %           228,155               27,989              14      %           200,166
media                            (40,177   )      (19,374       )          (93     )%           (20,803   )           26,099              56      %           (46,902   )
ecommerce                         (1,257   )      (1,196        )       (1,979     )%               (61   )          (15,384    )         nm                   15,323
corporate                       (132,091   )      (10,886       )           (9     )%          (121,205   )           29,458              20      %          (150,663   )
total                           $378,727          $(47,476      )          (11     )%          $426,203             $102,635              32      %          $323,568
as a percentage of revenue               12%                                                            14%                                                           12%
________________________
nm = not meaningful for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013
operating income in 2014 decreased from 2013 due to the decrease of $54.2 million in adjusted ebitda described above and increases of $6.6 million in non-cash compensation expense and $2.2 million in depreciation, partially offset by decreases of $13.7 million in acquisition-related contingent consideration fair value adjustments and $1.9 million in amortization of intangibles. the increase in non-cash compensation expense was primarily due to the issuance of equity awards since the prior year. the decrease in acquisition-related contingent consideration fair value adjustments was principally related to changes in twoo's forecast of earnings and operating metrics. the decrease in amortization of intangibles was primarily related to lower amortization expense at dating due to certain intangible assets becoming fully amortized, and the inclusion in the prior year of a $3.4 million impairment charge associated with an indefinite-lived intangible asset related to the citygrid  restructuring, partially offset by amortization of intangibles related to recent acquisitions.
at december 31, 2014, there was $113.2 million of unrecognized compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to all equity-based awards, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately 2.4 years.
for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to the year ended december 31, 2012
operating income in 2013 increased from 2012 due to the increase of $100.9 million in adjusted ebitda described above and a decrease of $32.6 million in non-cash compensation expense, partially offset by increases of $24.1 million in amortization of intangibles and $6.4 million in depreciation. the decrease in non-cash compensation expense was primarily a result of the vesting of certain awards and an increase in the number of awards forfeited as compared to the prior year. the increase in amortization of intangibles was primarily related to the acquisition of the about group and a $3.4 million impairment charge associated with an indefinite-lived intangible asset related to the citygrid restructuring in the second quarter of 2013.
equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates years ended december 31,
2014                                                           $ change       % change   2013                $ change       % change   2012
(dollars in thousands)
equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates   $(9,697)       $(3,082)       (47)%           $(6,615)       $18,730        74%             $(25,345)
equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates in 2014 increased from 2013 primarily due to the inclusion in the second quarter of 2014 of a $4.2 million other-than-temporary impairment charge on one of our investments following the sale of a majority of the investee's assets, partially offset by reduced losses associated with our equity method investments.
equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates in 2013 decreased from 2012 due to the inclusion in 2012 of a non-cash charge of $18.6 million related to the re-measurement of the carrying value of our equity method investment in the daily beast to fair value in connection with our acquisition of a controlling interest.
31
interest expense years ended december 31,
2014                               $ change        % change   2013                 $ change        % change   2012
(dollars in thousands)
interest expense   $(56,314)       $(22,718)       (68)%           $(33,596)       $(27,447)       (446)%          $(6,149)
interest expense in 2014 increased from 2013 primarily due to the 4.875% senior notes due november 30, 2018 (the "2013 senior notes"), which were issued on november 15, 2013.
interest expense in 2013 increased from 2012 primarily due to the 4.75% senior notes due december 15, 2022 (the "2012 senior notes"), which were issued on december 21, 2012, and the 2013 senior notes.
other (expense) income, net years ended december 31,
2014                                          $ change        % change   2013               $ change       % change   2012
(dollars in thousands)
other (expense) income, net   $(42,787)       $(73,096)       nm              $30,309       $33,321        nm              $(3,012)
other expense, net in 2014 includes $66.6 million in other-than-temporary impairment charges related to certain cost method investments as a result of our assessment of the near-term prospects and financial condition of the investees, partially offset by a $19.4 million gain related to the sale of urbanspoon and $3.6 million in gains related to the sale of several long-term investments.
other income, net in 2013 includes $35.9 million in gains related to the sale of long-term investments, partially offset by a $5.0 million other-than-temporary impairment charge related to a cost method investment.
other expense, net in 2012 includes an $8.7 million other-than-temporary impairment charge related to a long-term marketable equity security as a result of the company's assessment of the near-term prospects of the issuer in relation to the severity and duration of its unrealized loss. partially offsetting the impairment charge is $3.5 million in interest income and a $3.3 million gain related to the sale of certain marketable equity securities.
income tax provision years ended december 31,
2014                                   $ change       % change   2013                  $ change       % change   2012
(dollars in thousands)
income tax provision   $(35,372)       nm             nm              $(134,502)       nm             nm              $(119,215)
in 2014, the company recorded an income tax provision for continuing operations of $35.4 million, which represents an effective income tax rate of 13%. the effective rate is lower than the statutory rate of 35% due principally to a reduction in tax reserves and related interest due to the expiration of statutes of limitations for federal income taxes for 2001 through 2009 of $88.2 million and foreign income taxed at lower rates, partially offset by the largely unbenefited loss associated with the write-downs of certain of the company's investments and non-deductible goodwill associated with the sale of urbanspoon. in 2013, the company recorded an income tax provision for continuing operations of $134.5 million, which represents an effective income tax rate of 32%. the effective rate is lower than the statutory rate of 35% due primarily to foreign income taxed at lower rates. in 2012, the company recorded an income tax provision for continuing operations of $119.2 million, which represents an effective income tax rate of 41%. the effective rate is higher than the statutory rate of 35% due primarily to an increase in reserves for and interest on reserves for income tax contingencies, a valuation allowance on the deferred tax asset created by an other-than-temporary impairment charge and state taxes, partially offset by foreign income taxed at lower rates.
the company recognizes interest and, if applicable, penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the income tax provision. included in the income tax provision for continuing operations and discontinued operations for the year ended december 31, 2014 is a $58.5 million and a $19.7 million benefit, respectively, net of related deferred taxes, from the decrease in interest on unrecognized tax benefits as a result of the expiration of statutes of limitations described above. included in the
32
income tax provision for continuing operations and discontinued operations for the year ended december 31, 2013 is a $4.8 million expense and a $1.4 million expense, respectively, net of related deferred taxes, for interest on unrecognized tax benefits. at december 31, 2014 and 2013, the company has accrued $2.8 million and $133.0 million, respectively, for the payment of interest. at december 31, 2014 and 2013, the company has accrued $2.9 million and $5.1 million, respectively, for penalties.
the company is routinely under audit by federal, state, local and foreign authorities in the area of income tax. these audits include questioning the timing and the amount of income and deductions and the allocation of income and deductions among various tax jurisdictions. the internal revenue service is currently auditing the company's federal income tax returns for the years ended december 31, 2010 through 2012. various other jurisdictions are open to examination for various tax years beginning with 2006. income taxes payable include reserves considered sufficient to pay assessments that may result from examination of prior year tax returns. changes to reserves from period to period and differences between amounts paid, if any, upon the resolution of audits and amounts previously provided may be material. differences between the reserves for income tax contingencies and the amounts owed by the company are recorded in the period they become known.
the statutes of limitations for federal income taxes for the years 2001 through 2009 expired on july 1, 2014. as a result, previously unrecognized tax benefits, including interest, totaling $374.8 million were recognized in the third quarter of 2014. the income tax benefit to continuing operations and discontinued operations was $88.2 million and $175.7 million, respectively. the remaining amount of $110.9 million impacted various balance sheet accounts, primarily non-current deferred tax assets, which were reduced by $100.1 million. at december 31, 2014 and 2013, the company has unrecognized tax benefits, including interest, of $33.2 million and $408.8 million, respectively. if unrecognized tax benefits at december 31, 2014 are subsequently recognized, $30.5 million, net of related deferred tax assets and interest, would reduce income tax provision for continuing operations. the company believes that it is reasonably possible that its unrecognized tax benefits could decrease by $8.8 million within twelve months of the current reporting date primarily due to expirations of statutes of limitations; $8.4 million of which would reduce the income tax provision for continuing operations.
earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax years ended december 31,
2014                                                                             $ change       % change   2013                    $ change       % change   2012
(dollars in thousands)
earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax   $174,673              nm             nm             $1,926              nm             nm             $(9,051     )
earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax in 2014 increased from 2013 principally due to the release of tax reserves as a result of the expiration of the statutes of limitations for federal income taxes for the years 2001 through 2009.
33
financial position, liquidity and capital resources at december 31, 2014, the company had $990.4 million of cash and cash equivalents, $160.6 million of marketable securities, and $1.1 billion of long-term debt. domestically, cash equivalents primarily consist of commercial paper rated a2/p2 or better and aaa rated money market funds. internationally, cash equivalents primarily consist of aaa rated money market funds and time deposits. marketable securities consist of short-to-medium-term debt securities issued by investment grade corporate issuers and an equity security. the company invests in marketable debt securities with active secondary or resale markets to ensure portfolio liquidity to fund current operations or satisfy other cash requirements as needed. the company also invests in equity securities as part of its investment strategy. long-term debt consists of $500.0 million in 2013 senior notes due november 30, 2018, $500.0 million in 2012 senior notes due december 15, 2022 and $80.0 million in liberty bonds due september 1, 2035.
at december 31, 2014, $220.4 million of the $990.4 million of cash and cash equivalents was held by the company's foreign subsidiaries. if needed for our u.s. operations, most of the cash and cash equivalents held by the company's foreign subsidiaries could be repatriated; however, under current law, would be subject to u.s. federal and state income taxes. we have not provided for any such tax because the company currently does not anticipate a need to repatriate these funds to finance our u.s. operations and it is the company's intent to indefinitely reinvest these funds outside of the u.s.
in summary, the company's cash flows attributable to continuing operations are as follows:
december 31,
2014                                                                    2013                  2012
(in thousands)
net cash provided by operating activities                $424,048              $410,961              $354,527
net cash used in investing activities                    (439,794   )           (79,761   )          (341,307   )
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities       (80,980   )            17,666                33,520
net cash provided by operating activities attributable to continuing operations consists of earnings or loss from continuing operations adjusted for non-cash items, including non-cash compensation expense, depreciation, amortization of intangibles, asset impairment charges, excess tax benefits from stock-based awards, deferred income taxes, equity in earnings or losses of unconsolidated affiliates, acquisition-related contingent consideration fair value adjustments, an adjustment related to gains on sales of long-term investments, assets and a business, and the effect of changes from working capital activities. net cash provided by operating activities attributable to continuing operations in 2014 consists of earnings from continuing operations of $234.6 million, adjustments for non-cash items and gains on sales of a business and long-term investments totaling $272.2 million, partially offset by a decrease from working capital activities of $82.7 million. adjustments for non-cash items and gains on sales of a business and long-term investments primarily consist of $76.9 million of deferred income taxes, $66.6 million of impairments related to long-term investments, $61.2 million of depreciation, $59.6 million of non-cash compensation expense and $57.9 million of amortization of intangibles, partially offset by $45.0 million of excess tax benefits from stock-based awards, a $21.9 million adjustment related to gains on sales of a business and long-term investments and $13.4 million in acquisition-related contingent consideration fair value adjustments. the deferred income tax provision primarily relates to a net reduction in deferred tax assets related to the expiration of statutes of limitations for federal income taxes for the years 2001 through 2009. the changes from working capital activities consist of a decrease in income taxes payable of $94.5 million and an increase in accounts receivable of $19.9 million, partially offset by an increase in deferred revenue of $30.1 million. the decrease in income taxes payable is primarily due to a net reduction in tax reserves related to the expiration of statutes of limitations for federal income taxes for the years 2001 through 2009, partially offset by current year income tax accruals in excess of current year income tax payments. the increase in accounts receivable is primarily due to revenue growth at homeadvisor. the increase in deferred revenue is due to increases related to acquisitions and growth in subscription revenue at the match group and vimeo.
net cash used in investing activities attributable to continuing operations in 2014 includes acquisitions of $259.4 million, which include the valueclick o&o website businesses, the princeton review, slimware and friendscout24, purchases of marketable debt securities, net of proceeds from maturities and sales of $154.2 million, capital expenditures of $57.2 million primarily related to the internal development of software to support our products and services, and investments of $24.3 million, partially offset by $58.4 million of proceeds from the sales of a business and long-term investments.
net cash used in financing activities attributable to continuing operations in 2014 includes $97.3 million related to the payment of cash dividends to iac shareholders, $33.2 million for the purchase of noncontrolling interests in tinder and meetic, $8.1 million in contingent consideration payments related principally to the 2013 twoo acquisition, partially offset by excess tax benefits from stock-based awards of $45.0 million and the return of $12.4 million of funds held in escrow related to the meetic tender offer.
34
net cash provided by operating activities attributable to continuing operations in 2013 consists of earnings from continuing operations of $281.8 million, adjustments for non-cash items and gains on sales of long-term investments and assets totaling $110.8 million, and an increase from working capital activities of $18.4 million. adjustments for non-cash items and gains on sales of long-term investments and assets primarily consist of $59.8 million of amortization of intangibles, $58.9 million of depreciation and $53.0 million of non-cash compensation expense, partially offset by a $50.6 million adjustment related to gains on sales of long-term investments and assets and $32.9 million of excess tax benefits from stock-based awards. the changes from working capital activities consist of an increase in income taxes payable of $49.2 million and a decrease in accounts receivable of $10.4 million, partially offset by an increase of $34.6 million in other assets. the increase in income taxes payable is due to current year income tax accruals in excess of current year income tax payments. the decrease in accounts receivable is primarily due to a $14.8 million decrease in accounts receivable related to newsweek's transition to a digital only publication and our services agreement with google; the related receivable from google declined from $125.3 million at december 31, 2012 to $112.3 million at december 31, 2013, mainly due to lower year-over-year december revenue. these decreases were partially offset by an increase in accounts receivable at electus due to higher revenue. the increase in other assets is primarily due to an increase in short-term and long-term production costs at certain of our media businesses that are capitalized as the television program, video or film is being produced.
net cash used in investing activities attributable to continuing operations in 2013 includes acquisitions of $40.4 million, which include twoo, capital expenditures of $80.3 million, which include $23.6 million related to the purchase of a 50% ownership interest in an aircraft and investments of $51.1 million, partially offset by net maturities and sales of marketable debt securities and sales of long-term investments and assets of $95.6 million.
net cash provided by financing activities attributable to continuing operations in 2013 includes $500.0 million in proceeds from the issuance of our 2013 senior notes and excess tax benefits from stock-based awards of $32.9 million, partially offset by $264.2 million for the repurchase of 4.5 million shares of common stock at an average price of $50.63 per share, $79.2 million related to the payment of cash dividends to iac shareholders, $71.5 million held in escrow related to the meetic tender offer, $67.9 million for the purchase of noncontrolling interests in meetic and a subsidiary of homeadvisor, $15.8 million for the payment of our 2002 senior notes, which were due january 15, 2013, and $7.4 million of debt issuance costs associated with our 2013 senior notes.
net cash provided by operating activities attributable to continuing operations in 2012 consists of earnings from continuing operations of $169.8 million, adjustments for non-cash items of $204.2 million, partially offset by a decrease from working capital activities of $19.5 million. adjustments for non-cash items primarily consists of $85.6 million of non-cash compensation expense, $52.5 million of depreciation, $37.1 million of deferred income taxes, $35.8 million of amortization of intangibles and $25.3 million of equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates, which includes a non-cash charge of $18.6 million to re-measure the carrying value of our investment in the daily beast to fair value in connection with our acquisition of a controlling interest, partially offset by $57.1 million of excess tax benefits from stock-based awards. the deferred income tax provision primarily relates to the vesting of restricted stock units, the exercise of stock options and the accelerated payment of 2012 bonuses. the changes from working capital activities primarily consist of an increase of $31.0 million in accounts receivable, an increase of $23.0 million in other assets, a decrease in accounts payable and other current liabilities of $14.4 million, partially offset by an increase in income taxes payable of $47.0 million. the increase in accounts receivable is primarily due to the growth in revenue at search & applications earned from our services agreement with google; the related receivable from google was $125.3 million and $105.7 million at december 31, 2012 and 2011, respectively. while the match group and homeadvisor businesses experienced growth, the accounts receivable at these businesses are principally credit card receivables and, accordingly, are not significant in relation to the revenue of these businesses. the increase in other assets is primarily related to a receivable for insurance claims related to hurricane sandy, an increase in capitalized downloadable search toolbar costs and an increase in short-term production costs at certain of our media businesses that are capitalized as the television program, video or film is being produced. the decrease in accounts payable and other current liabilities is primarily due to a decrease in accrued employee compensation and benefits, partially offset by an increase in accrued advertising expense. the decrease in accrued employee compensation and benefits is due to the payment of the 2012 and 2011 bonuses in 2012. the increase in accrued advertising expense is primarily due to an increase in advertising expenditures at search & applications. the increase in income taxes payable is due to current year income tax accruals in excess of current year income tax payments.
net cash used in investing activities attributable to continuing operations in 2012 includes acquisitions of $400.3 million, primarily related to the about group, capital expenditures of $51.2 million primarily related to the internal development of software to support our products and services and investments of $36.1 million, partially offset by net maturities and sales of marketable debt securities and sales of long-term investments and assets of $156.2 million.
net cash provided by financing activities attributable to continuing operations in 2012 includes $500.0 million in proceeds from the issuance of our 2012 senior notes, proceeds related to the issuance of common stock, net of withholding taxes, of $262.8 million, and excess tax benefits from stock-based awards of $57.1 million, partially offset by $691.8 million
35
for the repurchase of 15.5 million shares of common stock at an average price of $46.09 per share, $68.2 million related to the payment of cash dividends to iac shareholders, $11.0 million of debt issuance costs associated with our 2012 senior notes and $10.8 million in contingent consideration payments principally related to the 2011 okcupid acquisition. included in the proceeds related to the issuance of common stock are proceeds of $284.1 million from the exercise of warrants to acquire 11.7 million shares of iac common stock, some of which were exercised on a cashless or net basis. the weighted average strike price of the warrants was $28.40 per share.
the company's principal sources of liquidity are its cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities as well as its cash flows generated from operations. the company has a $300.0 million revolving credit facility, which expires on december 21, 2017, and is available as an additional source of financing. at december 31, 2014, there were no outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility.
the company anticipates that it will need to make capital and other expenditures in connection with the development and expansion of its operations. the company expects that 2015 capital expenditures will be higher than 2014. at december 31, 2014, iac had 8.6 million shares remaining in its share repurchase authorization. iac may purchase shares over an indefinite period of time on the open market and in privately negotiated transactions, depending on those factors iac management deems relevant at any particular time, including, without limitation, market conditions, share price and future outlook. on february 3, 2015, iac declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.34 per share of common and class b common stock outstanding payable on march 1, 2015 to stockholders of record on february 15, 2015. future declarations of dividends are subject to the determination of iac's board of directors.
the company believes its existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, together with its expected positive cash flows generated from operations and available borrowing capacity under its $300.0 million revolving credit facility, will be sufficient to fund its normal operating requirements, including capital expenditures, share repurchases, quarterly cash dividends, and investing and other commitments for the foreseeable future. our liquidity could be negatively affected by a decrease in demand for our products and services. the company may make acquisitions and investments that could reduce its cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balances and as a result, the company may need to raise additional capital through future debt or equity financing to provide for greater financial flexibility. additional financing may not be available at all or on terms favorable to us. the indentures governing the 2013 and 2012 senior notes restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness in the event we are not in compliance with the maximum leverage ratio of 3.0 to 1.0. in addition, the terms of the revolving credit facility require that we maintain a leverage ratio of not more than 3.0 to 1.0 and restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness. as of december 31, 2014, the company was in compliance with all of these covenants.
36
contractual obligations and commercial commitments payments due by period contractual obligations(a)                 less than1 year               1-3years               3-5years       more than5 years                        total
(in thousands)
long-term debt(b)                          $52,125                  $104,250               $579,875            $715,250                       $1,451,500
operating leases(c)                         32,255                    57,828                 41,113            191,108                           322,304
purchase obligations(d)                     10,710           521                                  -            -                                  11,231
total contractual cash obligations         $95,090                  $162,599               $620,988            $906,358                       $1,785,035
_______________________________________________________________________________
(a)   the company has excluded $30.9 million in unrecognized tax benefits and related interest from the table above as we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the period in which these liabilities might be paid. for additional information on income taxes, see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.
(b)   represents contractual amounts due including interest.
(c)   the company leases land, office space, data center facilities and equipment used in connection with operations under various operating leases, many of which contain escalation clauses. the company is also committed to pay a portion of the related operating expenses under a data center lease agreement. these operating expenses are not included in the table above.
(d)   the purchase obligations primarily include advertising commitments, which commitments are reducible or terminable such that these commitments can never exceed associated revenue by a meaningful amount.
amount of commitment expiration per period other commercial commitments(e)      less than1 year              1-3years            3-5years            more than 5 years            total
(in thousands)
letters of credit and surety bonds   $1,276                       $-                  $73                 $1,437                       $2,786
_______________________________________________________________________________
(e)   commercial commitments are funding commitments that could potentially require registrant performance in the event of demands by third parties or contingent events.
off-balance sheet arrangements other than the items described above, the company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2014.
37
iac's principles of financial reporting iac reports adjusted ebitda as a supplemental measure to u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"). this measure is one of the primary metrics by which we evaluate the performance of our businesses, on which our internal budgets are based and by which management is compensated. we believe that investors should have access to, and we are obligated to provide, the same set of tools that we use in analyzing our results. this non-gaap measure should be considered in addition to results prepared in accordance with gaap, but should not be considered a substitute for or superior to gaap results. iac endeavors to compensate for the limitations of the non-gaap measure presented by providing the comparable gaap measure with equal or greater prominence and descriptions of the reconciling items, including quantifying such items, to derive the non-gaap measure. we encourage investors to examine the reconciling adjustments between the gaap and non-gaap measure, which we discuss below.
definition of iac's non-gaap measure adjusted ebitda is defined as operating income excluding: (1) non-cash compensation expense; (2) depreciation; and (3) acquisition-related items consisting of (i) amortization of intangible assets and goodwill and intangible asset impairments and (ii) gains and losses recognized on changes in the fair value of contingent consideration arrangements. we believe this measure is useful for analysts and investors as this measure allows a more meaningful comparison between our performance and that of our competitors. moreover, our management uses this measure internally to evaluate the performance of our business as a whole and our individual business segments. the above items are excluded from our adjusted ebitda measure because these items are non-cash in nature, and we believe that by excluding these items, adjusted ebitda corresponds more closely to the cash operating income generated from our business, from which capital investments are made and debt is serviced. adjusted ebitda has certain limitations in that it does not take into account the impact to iac's statement of operations of certain expenses.
non-cash expenses that are excluded from iac's non-gaap measure non-cash compensation expense consists principally of expense associated with the grants, including unvested grants assumed in acquisitions, of stock options, restricted stock units ("rsus") and performance-based rsus. these expenses are not paid in cash, and we include the related shares in our fully diluted shares outstanding using the treasury method; however, performance-based rsus are included only to the extent the performance criteria have been met (assuming the end of the reporting period is the end of the contingency period). upon the exercise of certain stock options and vesting of rsus and performance-based rsus, the awards are settled, at the company's discretion, on a net basis, with the company remitting the required tax-withholding amount from its current funds.
depreciation is a non-cash expense relating to our property and equipment and is computed using the straight-line method to allocate the cost of depreciable assets to operations over their estimated useful lives.
amortization of intangible assets and goodwill and intangible asset impairments are non-cash expenses relating primarily to acquisitions. at the time of an acquisition, the identifiable definite-lived intangible assets of the acquired company, such as content, technology, customer lists, advertiser and supplier relationships, are valued and amortized over their estimated lives. value is also assigned to acquired indefinite-lived intangible assets, which comprise trade names and trademarks, and goodwill that are not subject to amortization. an impairment is recorded when the carrying value of an intangible asset or goodwill exceeds its fair value. while it is likely that we will have significant intangible amortization expense as we continue to acquire companies, we believe that intangible assets represent costs incurred by the acquired company to build value prior to acquisition and the related amortization and impairment charges of intangible assets or goodwill, if applicable, are not ongoing costs of doing business.
gains and losses recognized on changes in the fair value of contingent consideration arrangements are accounting adjustments to report contingent consideration liabilities at fair value. these adjustments can be highly variable and are excluded from our assessment of performance because they are considered non-operational in nature and, therefore, are not indicative of current or future performance or ongoing costs of doing business.
38
reconciliation of adjusted ebitda for a reconciliation of adjusted ebitda to operating income (loss) by reportable segment for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.
39
critical accounting policies and estimates the following disclosure is provided to supplement the descriptions of iac's accounting policies contained in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements in regard to significant areas of judgment. management of the company is required to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions during the preparation of its consolidated financial statements in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles. these estimates, judgments and assumptions impact the reported amount of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements. actual results could differ from those estimates. because of the size of the financial statement elements to which they relate, some of our accounting policies and estimates have a more significant impact on our consolidated financial statements than others. what follows is a discussion of some of our more significant accounting policies and estimates.
business combinations the purchase price of each acquisition is attributed to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values at the date of acquisition, including identifiable intangible assets that either arise from a contractual or legal right or are separable from goodwill. the fair value of these intangible assets is based on detailed valuations that use information and assumptions provided by management. the excess purchase price over the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets is recorded as goodwill.
in connection with some business combinations, the company has entered into contingent consideration arrangements that are determined to be part of the purchase price. each of these arrangements are recorded at its fair value at the time of the acquisition and reflected at current fair value for each subsequent reporting period thereafter until settled. the contingent consideration arrangements are generally based upon earnings performance and/or operating metrics. the company generally determines the fair value of contingent consideration using probability-weighted analyses over the period in which the obligation is expected to be settled, and, to the extent the arrangement is long-term in nature, applies a discount rate that appropriately captures the risk associated with the obligation. significant changes in forecasted earnings or operating metrics would result in a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement. determining fair value is inherently difficult and subjective and can have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. the changes in the remeasured fair value of the contingent consideration arrangements each reporting period are recognized in "general and administrative expense" in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. see note 7 for a discussion of contingent consideration arrangements.
recoverability of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, which consist of the company's acquired trade names and trademarks, are assessed annually for impairment as of october 1 or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit or the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset below its carrying value. the 2014, 2013 and 2012 annual assessments identified no material impairments. the value of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets that is subject to annual assessment for impairment is $1.8 billion and $405.2 million, respectively, at december 31, 2014.
the company has the option to qualitatively assess whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. if the company elects to perform a qualitative assessment and concludes it is not more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, no further assessment of that reporting unit's goodwill is necessary; otherwise goodwill must be tested for impairment using a two-step process. the first step involves a comparison of the estimated fair value of each of the company's reporting units to its carrying value, including goodwill. in performing the first step, the company determines the fair value of a reporting unit using both an income approach based on discounted cash flows ("dcf") and a market approach based on multiples of earnings. determining fair value requires the exercise of significant judgment with respect to several items, including judgment about the amount and timing of expected future cash flows and appropriate discount rates. the expected cash flows used in the dcf analyses are based on the company's most recent budget and, for years beyond the budget, the company's estimates, which are based, in part, on forecasted growth rates. the discount rates used in the dcf analyses are intended to reflect the risks inherent in the expected future cash flows of the respective reporting units. assumptions used in the dcf analyses, including the discount rate, are assessed annually based on the reporting units' current results and forecast, as well as macroeconomic and industry specific factors. the discount rates used in the company's annual goodwill impairment assessment ranged from 13% to 19% in 2014 and 13% to 25% in 2013. if the estimated fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill of the reporting unit is not impaired and the second step of the impairment test is not necessary. if the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, then the second step of the goodwill impairment test must be performed. the second step of the goodwill impairment test compares the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill with its carrying value to measure the amount of impairment, if any. the implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill recognized in a business combination. in other words, the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is allocated to all of the assets and liabilities of that unit (including any unrecognized intangible assets) as if the reporting unit had been acquired
40
in a business combination and the fair value of the reporting unit was the purchase price paid. if the carrying value of the reporting unit's goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of that goodwill, an impairment is recognized in an amount equal to that excess.
any impairment charge that might result in the future would be determined based upon the excess of the carrying value of goodwill over its implied fair value using the second step of the impairment analysis that is described above but, in any event, would not be expected to be lower than the excess of the carrying value of the reporting unit over its fair value. a primary driver in the dcf valuation analyses and the determination of the fair values of the company's reporting units is the estimate of future revenue and profitability. generally, the company would expect an impairment if forecasted revenue and profitability are no longer expected to be achieved and as a result, the carrying value of a reporting unit(s) exceeds its fair value. this assessment would be based, in part, upon the performance of its businesses relative to budget, the company's assessment of macroeconomic factors, industry and competitive dynamics and the strategies of its businesses in response to these factors.
at october 1, 2014, the date of our most recent annual impairment assessment, the fair value of the company's reporting units exceed their carrying values. the fair value of the search & applications reporting unit currently exceeds its carrying value by approximately 15%. if operating results vary significantly from anticipated results, future, potentially material, impairments of goodwill and/or indefinite-lived intangible assets could occur. to illustrate the magnitude of a potential impairment charge relative to future changes in estimated fair value, had the estimated fair value of search & applications been hypothetically lower by 20% as of october 1, 2014, the carrying value of search & applications would have exceeded its fair value by approximately $100 million.
the company also has the option to qualitatively assess whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying value. if the company elects to perform a qualitative assessment and concludes it is not more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying value, the fair value of the asset does not need to be determined; otherwise the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset must be determined and compared to its carrying value. if the carrying value of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. the estimates of fair value of indefinite-lived intangible assets are determined using an avoided royalty dcf valuation analysis. significant judgments inherent in this analysis include the selection of appropriate royalty and discount rates and estimating the amount and timing of expected future cash flows. the discount rates used in the dcf analyses are intended to reflect the risks inherent in the expected future cash flows generated by the respective intangible assets. the royalty rates used in the dcf analyses are based upon an estimate of the royalty rates that a market participant would pay to license the company's trade names and trademarks. assumptions used in the avoided royalty dcf analyses, including the discount rate and royalty rate, are assessed annually based on the actual and projected cash flows related to the asset, as well as macroeconomic and industry specific factors. the discount rates used in the company's annual indefinite-lived impairment assessment ranged from 10% to 20% in 2014 and 10% to 18% in 2013, and the royalty rates used ranged from 1% to 9% in both 2014 and 2013.
recoverability of long-lived assets we review the carrying value of all long-lived assets, comprising property and equipment and definite-lived intangible assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. the carrying value of a long-lived asset is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. if the carrying value is deemed not to be recoverable, an impairment loss is recorded equal to the amount by which the carrying value of the long-lived asset exceeds its fair value. during 2013 the company wrote off certain capitalized software costs. this charge is more fully described above in "results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 - depreciation." the carrying value of property and equipment and definite-lived intangible assets is $389.2 million at december 31, 2014.
income taxes we recognize liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on the two-step process. the first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. the second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount which is more than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. this measurement step is inherently difficult and requires subjective estimations of such amounts to determine the probability of various possible outcomes. we consider many factors when evaluating and estimating our tax positions and tax benefits, which may require periodic adjustments and which may not accurately anticipate actual outcomes. at december 31, 2014, the company has unrecognized tax benefits of $33.2 million, including interest. changes to reserves from period to period and differences between amounts paid, if any, upon resolution of issues raised in audits and amounts previously provided may be material. differences between the reserves for income tax contingencies and the amounts owed by the company are recorded in the period they become known.
41
the company accounts for income taxes under the liability method, and deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying values of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. a valuation allowance is provided on deferred tax assets if it is determined that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset will not be realized. as of december 31, 2014, the balance of deferred tax liabilities, net, is $390.4 million. actual income taxes could vary from these estimates due to future changes in income tax law, state income tax apportionment or the outcome of any review of our tax returns by the various tax authorities, as well as actual operating results of the company that vary significantly from anticipated results.
stock-based compensation as disclosed in note 12 to the consolidated financial statements, the company estimated the fair value of stock options issued in 2014, 2013 and 2012 using a black-scholes option pricing model with the following weighted average assumptions: risk-free interest rates of 1.5%, 1.0% and 0.6%, respectively, a dividend yield of 1.5%, 2.0% and 1.2%, respectively, volatility factors of 31%, 29% and 31%, respectively, based on the historical stock price volatilities of iac and a weighted average expected term of the stock options of 4.8 years, 6.2 years and 4.4 years, respectively. for stock options, including unvested stock options assumed in acquisitions, the value of the stock option is measured at the grant date (or acquisition date, if applicable) at fair value and expensed over the remaining vesting term. the impact on non-cash compensation expense for the year ended december 31, 2014, assuming a 1% increase in the risk-free interest rate, a 10% increase in the volatility factor and a one year increase in the weighted average expected term of the outstanding options would be an increase of $2.5 million, $11.9 million and $5.1 million, respectively. the impact on non-cash compensation expense for the year ended december 31, 2014, assuming a 1% increase in the dividend yield of the outstanding options, would be a decrease of $1.1 million. the company also issues rsus and performance-based rsus. for rsus issued, the value of the instrument is measured at the grant date as the fair value of iac common stock and expensed as non-cash compensation expense over the vesting term. for performance-based rsus issued, the value of the instrument is measured at the grant date as the fair value of iac common stock and expensed as non-cash compensation over the vesting term when the performance targets are considered probable of being achieved.
marketable securities and long-term investments at december 31, 2014, marketable securities consist of short-to-medium-term debt securities issued by investment grade corporate issuers and an equity security. long-term investments include equity securities accounted for under the equity and cost methods and marketable equity securities. the company invests in marketable debt securities with active secondary or resale markets to ensure portfolio liquidity to fund current operations or satisfy other cash requirements as needed. the company also invests in marketable equity securities as part of its investment strategy.
marketable securities are adjusted to fair value each quarter, and the unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, are included in accumulated other comprehensive income as a separate component of shareholders' equity. the specific-identification method is used to determine the cost of securities sold and the amount of unrealized gains and losses reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income into earnings. the company recognizes unrealized losses on marketable securities in net earnings when the losses are determined to be other-than-temporary. additionally, the company evaluates each cost and equity method investment for indicators of impairment on a quarterly basis, and recognizes an impairment loss if the decline in value is deemed to be other-than-temporary. future events may result in reconsideration of the nature of losses as other-than-temporary and market and other factors may cause the value of the company's investments to decline.
the company employs a methodology that considers available evidence in evaluating potential other-than-temporary impairments of its investments. investments are considered to be impaired when a decline in fair value below the amortized cost basis is determined to be other-than-temporary. such impairment evaluations include, but are not limited to: the length of time and extent to which fair value has been less than the cost basis, the current business environment, including competition; going concern considerations such as financial condition, the rate at which the investee utilizes cash and the investee's ability to obtain additional financing to achieve its business plan; the need for changes to the investee's existing business model due to changing business and regulatory environments and its ability to successfully implement necessary changes; and comparable valuations. during 2014 and 2013, the company recognized impairment charges of $66.6 million and $5.0 million, respectively, related to cost method investments and during 2012, the company recorded an impairment charge of $8.7 million related to one of its long-term marketable equity securities. these charges are more fully described above in "results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 - other (expense) income, net."
recent accounting pronouncement for a discussion of a recent accounting pronouncement, see note 2 - summary of significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
42
