item 1a.   risk factors

in an enterprise as diverse as ours, a wide range of factors could affect future performance. we discuss in this section some of the risk factors that, if they actually occurred, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, value and results of operations. you should consider these risk factors in connection with evaluating the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report on form 10-k because these factors could cause our actual results and financial condition to differ materially from those projected in forward-looking statements.
the significant risk factors affecting our operations include the following:
changes in united states or international economic conditions could adversely affect the profitability of any of our operations.
in 2014, approximately 30 percent of our revenue was derived from domestic customers, while approximately 70 percent was derived from international customers. our largest markets include appliance, automotive, construction, container, electronics assembly, food and beverage, furniture, life sciences and medical, metal finishing, nonwovens, packaging, paper and paperboard converting, plastics processing and semiconductor. a slowdown in any of these specific end markets could directly affect our revenue stream and profitability.
a portion of our product sales is attributable to industries and markets, such as the semiconductor, mobile electronics and metal finishing industries, which historically have been cyclical and sensitive to relative changes in supply and demand and general economic conditions. the demand for our products depends, in part, on the general economic conditions of the industries or national economies of our customers. downward economic cycles in our customers’ industries or countries may reduce sales of some of our products. it is not possible to predict accurately the factors that will affect demand for our products in the future.
any significant downturn in the health of the general economy, globally, regionally or in the markets in which we sell products, could have an adverse effect on our revenues and financial performance, resulting in impairment of assets.
our growth strategy includes acquisitions, and we may not be able to execute on our acquisition strategy or integrate acquisitions successfully.
our recent historical growth has depended, and our future growth is likely to continue to depend, in part on our acquisition strategy and the successful integration of acquired businesses into our existing operations. we intend to continue to seek additional acquisition opportunities both to expand into new markets and to enhance our position in existing markets throughout the world. we cannot assure, however, that we will be able to successfully identify suitable acquisition opportunities, prevail against competing potential acquirers, negotiate appropriate acquisition terms, obtain financing that may be needed to consummate such acquisitions, complete proposed acquisitions, successfully integrate acquired businesses into our existing operations or expand into new markets. in addition, we cannot assure that any acquisition, once successfully integrated, will perform as planned, be accretive to earnings, or prove to be beneficial to our operations and cash flow.
the success of our acquisition strategy is subject to other risks and uncertainties, including:
•   our ability to realize operating efficiencies, synergies or other benefits expected from an acquisition, and possible delays in realizing the benefits of the acquired company or products;

•   diversion of management’s time and attention from other business concerns;

•   difficulties in retaining key employees, customers or suppliers of the acquired business;

•   difficulties in maintaining uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies throughout acquired companies;

•   adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers or customers;

•   the risks associated with the assumption of contingent or undisclosed liabilities of acquisition targets; and

•   the ability to generate future cash flows or the availability of financing.

7
in addition, an acquisition could adversely impact our operating performance as a result of the incurrence of acquisition-related debt, pre-acquisition potential tax liabilities, acquisition expenses, the amortization of acquisition-acquired assets, or possible future impairments of goodwill or intangible assets associated with the acquisition.
we may also face liability with respect to acquired businesses for violations of environmental laws occurring prior to the date of our acquisition, and some or all of these liabilities may not be covered by environmental insurance secured to mitigate the risk or by indemnification from the sellers from which we acquired these businesses. we could also incur significant costs, including, but not limited to, remediation costs, natural resources damages, civil or criminal fines and sanctions and third-party claims, as a result of past or future violations of, or liabilities associated with environmental laws.
if we fail to develop new products, or our customers do not accept the new products we develop, our revenue and profitability could be adversely impacted.
innovation is critical to our success. we believe that we must continue to enhance our existing products and to develop and manufacture new products with improved capabilities in order to continue to be a leading provider of precision technology solutions for the industrial equipment market. we also believe that we must continue to make improvements in our productivity in order to maintain our competitive position. difficulties or delays in research, development or production of new products or failure to gain market acceptance of new products and technologies may reduce future sales and adversely affect our competitive position. we continue to invest in the development and marketing of new products. there can be no assurance that we will have sufficient resources to make such investments, that we will be able to make the technological advances necessary to maintain competitive advantages or that we can recover major research and development expenses. if we fail to make innovations, launch products with quality problems or the market does not accept our new products, our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and liquidity could be adversely affected. in addition, as new or enhanced products are introduced, we must successfully manage the transition from older products to minimize disruption in customers’ ordering patterns, avoid excessive levels of older product inventories and ensure that we can deliver sufficient supplies of new products to meet customers’ demands.
increased it security threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime could pose a risk to our systems, networks, products, solutions and services.
increased global it security threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. while we attempt to mitigate these risks by employing a number of measures, including employee training, comprehensive monitoring of our networks and systems, and maintenance of backup and protective systems, our systems, networks, products, solutions and services remain potentially vulnerable to advanced persistent threats. depending on their nature and scope, such threats could potentially lead to the compromising of confidential information, improper use of our systems and networks, manipulation and destruction of data, defective products, production downtimes and operational disruptions, which in turn could adversely affect our reputation, competitiveness and results of operations.
if our intellectual property protection is inadequate, others may be able to use our technologies and tradenames and thereby reduce our ability to compete, which could have a material adverse effect on us, our financial condition and results of operations.
we regard much of the technology underlying our products and the trademarks under which we market our products as proprietary. the steps we take to protect our proprietary technology may be inadequate to prevent misappropriation of our technology, or third parties may independently develop similar technology. we rely on a combination of patents, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws, employee and third-party non-disclosure agreements and other contracts to establish and protect our technology and other intellectual property rights. the agreements may be breached or terminated, and we may not have adequate remedies for any breach, and existing trade secrets, patent and copyright law afford us limited protection. policing unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult. a third party could copy or otherwise obtain and use our products or technology without authorization. litigation may be necessary for us to defend against claims of infringement or to protect our intellectual property rights and could result in substantial cost to us and diversion of our efforts. further, we might not prevail in such litigation, which could harm our business.
8
our products could infringe on the intellectual property of others, which may cause us to engage in costly litigation and, if we are not successful, could cause us to pay substantial damages and prohibit us from selling our products.
third parties may assert infringement or other intellectual property claims against us based on their patents or other intellectual property claims, and we may have to pay substantial damages, possibly including treble damages, if it is ultimately determined that our products infringe. we may have to obtain a license to sell our products if it is determined that our products infringe upon another party’s intellectual property. we might be prohibited from selling our products before we obtain a license, which, if available at all, may require us to pay substantial royalties. even if infringement claims against us are without merit, defending these types of lawsuits takes significant time, may be expensive and may divert management attention from other business concerns.
any impairment in the value of our intangible assets, including goodwill, would negatively affect our operating results and total capitalization.
our total assets reflect substantial intangible assets, primarily goodwill. the goodwill results from our acquisitions and represents the excess of cost over the fair value of the identifiable net assets we acquired. we assess at least annually whether there has been any impairment in the value of our intangible assets. if future operating performance at one or more of our business units were to fall significantly below current levels, if competing or alternative technologies emerge, if market conditions for acquired businesses decline, if significant and prolonged negative industry or economic trends exist, if our stock price and market capitalization declines, or if future cash flow estimates decline, we could incur under current applicable accounting rules, a non-cash charge to operating earnings for goodwill impairment. any determination requiring the write-off of a significant portion of unamortized intangible assets would negatively affect our results of operations and equity book value, the effect of which could be material.
significant movements in foreign currency exchange rates or change in monetary policy may harm our financial results.
we are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly with respect to the euro, the yen, the pound sterling and the chinese yuan. any significant change in the value of the currencies of the countries in which we do business against the united states dollar could affect our ability to sell products competitively and control our cost structure, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. for additional detail related to this risk, see item 7a, quantitative and qualitative disclosure about market risk.
the majority of our consolidated revenues in 2014 were generated in currencies other than the united states dollar, which is our reporting currency. we recognize foreign currency transaction gains and losses arising from our operations in the period incurred. as a result, currency fluctuations between the united states dollar and the currencies in which we do business have caused and will continue to cause foreign currency transaction and translation gains and losses, which historically have been material and could continue to be material. we cannot predict the effects of exchange rate fluctuations upon our future operating results because of the number of currencies involved, the variability of currency exposures and the potential volatility of currency exchange rates. we take actions to manage our foreign currency exposure, such as entering into hedging transactions, where available, but we cannot assure that our strategies will adequately protect our consolidated operating results from the effects of exchange rate fluctuations.
we also face risks arising from the imposition of exchange controls and currency devaluations. exchange controls may limit our ability to convert foreign currencies into united states dollars or to remit dividends and other payments by our foreign subsidiaries or customers located in or conducting business in a country imposing controls. currency devaluations diminish the united states dollar value of the currency of the country instituting the devaluation and, if they occur or continue for significant periods, could adversely affect our earnings or cash flow.
9
we may be exposed to liabilities under the foreign corrupt practices act (fcpa), which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we are subject to compliance with various laws and regulations, including the fcpa and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws, which generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from engaging in bribery or making other improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or gaining an unfair business advantage. the fcpa also requires proper record keeping and characterization of such payments in our reports filed with the sec. our employees are trained and required to comply with these laws, and we are committed to legal compliance and corporate ethics. violations of these laws could result in severe criminal or civil sanctions and financial penalties and other consequences that may have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition or results of operations.
inability to access capital could impede growth or the repayment or refinancing of existing indebtedness.
the limits imposed on us by the restrictive covenants contained in our credit facilities could prevent us from making acquisitions or cause us to lose access to these facilities.
our existing credit facilities contain restrictive covenants that limit our ability to, among other things:
•   borrow money or guarantee the debts of others;

•   use assets as security in other transactions;

•   make restricted payments or distributions; and

•   sell or acquire assets or merge with or into other companies.

in addition, our credit facilities require us to meet financial ratios, including a “leverage ratio” and an “interest coverage ratio”, both as defined in the credit facilities.
these restrictions could limit our ability to plan for or react to market conditions or meet extraordinary capital needs and could otherwise restrict our financing activities.
our ability to comply with the covenants and other terms of our credit facilities will depend on our future operating performance. if we fail to comply with such covenants and terms, we may be in default and the maturity of the related debt could be accelerated and become immediately due and payable. we may be required to obtain waivers from our lenders in order to maintain compliance under our credit facilities, including waivers with respect to our compliance with certain financial covenants. if we are unable to obtain necessary waivers and the debt under our credit facilities is accelerated, we would be required to obtain replacement financing at prevailing market rates.
we may need new or additional financing in the future to expand our business or refinance existing indebtedness. if we are unable to access capital on satisfactory terms and conditions, we may not be able to expand our business or meet our payment requirements under our existing credit facilities. our ability to obtain new or additional financing will depend on a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. we may not be able to obtain new or additional financing because we have substantial debt or because we may not have sufficient cash flow to service or repay our existing or future debt. in addition, depending on market conditions and our financial performance, neither debt nor equity financing may be available on satisfactory terms or at all. finally, as a consequence of worsening financial market conditions, our credit facility providers may not provide the agreed credit if they become undercapitalized.
changes in interest rates could adversely affect us.
any period of interest rate increases may also adversely affect our profitability. at october 31, 2014, we had $799,800 of total debt and notes payable outstanding, of which 68 percent was priced at interest rates that float with the market. a one percent increase in the interest rate on the floating rate debt in 2014 would have resulted in approximately $4,201 of additional interest expense. a higher level of floating rate debt would increase the exposure to changes in interest rates. for additional detail related to this risk, see item 7a, quantitative and qualitative disclosure about market risk.
10
failure to retain our existing senior management team or the inability to attract and retain qualified personnel could hurt our business and inhibit our ability to operate and grow successfully.
our success will continue to depend to a significant extent on the continued service of our executive management team and the ability to recruit, hire and retain other key management personnel to support our growth and operational initiatives and replace executives who retire or resign. failure to retain our leadership team and attract and retain other important management and technical personnel could place a constraint on our global growth and operational initiatives, possibly resulting in inefficient and ineffective management and operations, which would likely harm our revenues, operations and product development efforts and eventually result in a decrease in profitability.
the level of returns on pension plan assets and changes in the actuarial assumptions used could adversely affect us.
our operating results may be positively or negatively impacted by the amount of expense we record for our defined benefit pension plans. u.s. gaap requires that we calculate pension expense using actuarial valuations, which are dependent upon our various assumptions including estimates of expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, discount rates for future payment obligations, and the expected rate of increase in future compensation levels. our pension expense and funding requirements may also be affected by our actual return on plan assets and by legislation and other government regulatory actions. changes in assumptions, laws or regulations could lead to variability in operating results and could have a material adverse impact on liquidity.
new regulations related to conflict-free minerals may result in additional expenses that could affect our financial condition and business operations.
pursuant to the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act, the sec promulgated final rules regarding disclosure of the use of certain minerals, known as conflict minerals, which are mined from the democratic republic of the congo and adjoining countries, as well as procedures regarding a manufacturer’s efforts to prevent the sourcing of such minerals and metals produced from those minerals. these new disclosure obligations will require continuing due diligence efforts to support our future disclosure requirements. we incurred and will continue to incur costs associated with complying with such disclosure requirements, including costs associated with canvassing our supply chain to determine the source country of any conflict minerals incorporated in our products, in addition to the cost of remediation and other changes to products, processes, or sources of supply as a consequence of such verification activities. in addition, the implementation of these rules could adversely affect the sourcing, supply, and pricing of materials used in our products.
political conditions in foreign countries in which we operate could adversely affect us.
we conduct our manufacturing, sales and distribution operations on a worldwide basis and are subject to risks associated with doing business outside the united states. in 2014, approximately 70 percent of our total sales were to customers outside the united states. we expect that international operations and united states export sales will continue to be important to our business for the foreseeable future. both sales from international operations and export sales are subject in varying degrees to risks inherent in doing business outside the united states. such risks include, but are not limited to, the following:
•   risks of economic instability;

•   unanticipated or unfavorable circumstances arising from host country laws or regulations;

•   threats of war, terrorism or governmental instability;

•   significant foreign and u.s. taxes on repatriated cash;

•   restrictions on the transfer of funds into or out of a country;

•   currency exchange rate fluctuations;

•   potential negative consequences from changes to taxation policies;

•   the disruption of operations from labor and political disturbances;

•   the imposition of tariffs, import or export licensing requirements; and

•   exchange controls or other trade restrictions including transfer pricing restrictions when products produced in one country are sold to an affiliated entity in another country.

11
any of these events could reduce the demand for our products, limit the prices at which we can sell our products, or otherwise have an adverse effect on our operating performance.
our international operations also depend upon favorable trade relations between the u.s. and those foreign countries in which our customers, subcontractors and materials suppliers have operations. a protectionist trade environment in either the u.s. or those foreign countries in which we do business, such as a change in the current tariff structures, export compliance or other trade policies, may materially and adversely affect our ability to sell our products in foreign markets.
our business and operating results may be adversely affected by natural disasters or other catastrophic events beyond our control.
while we have taken precautions to prevent production and service interruptions at our global facilities, severe weather conditions such as hurricanes or tornadoes, as well major earthquakes and other natural disasters, in areas in which we have manufacturing facilities or from which we obtain products may cause physical damage to our properties, closure of one or more of our manufacturing or distribution facilities, lack of an adequate work force in a market, temporary disruption in the supply of inventory, disruption in the transport of products and utilities, and delays in the delivery of products to our customers. any of these factors may disrupt our operations and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
the insurance that we maintain may not fully cover all potential exposures.
we maintain property, business interruption and casualty insurance but such insurance may not cover all risks associated with the hazards of our business and is subject to limitations, including deductibles and maximum liabilities covered. we are potentially at risk if one or more of our insurance carriers fail. additionally, severe disruptions in the domestic and global financial markets could adversely impact the ratings and survival of some insurers. in the future, we may not be able to obtain coverage at current levels, and our premiums may increase significantly on coverage that we maintain.
item 7.   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations

note regarding amounts and fiscal year references in this annual report, all amounts related to united states dollars and foreign currency and to the number of nordson corporation’s common shares, except for per share earnings and dividend amounts, are expressed in thousands. unless the context otherwise indicates, all references to “we” or the “company” mean nordson corporation.
unless otherwise noted, all references to years relate to our fiscal year ending october 31.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states. the preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate the accounting policies and estimates that are used to prepare financial statements. we base our estimates on historical experience and assumptions believed to be reasonable under current facts and circumstances. actual amounts and results could differ from these estimates used by management.
certain accounting policies that require significant management estimates and are deemed critical to our results of operations or financial position are discussed below. on a regular basis, critical accounting policies are reviewed with the audit committee of the board of directors.
revenue recognition — most of our revenues are recognized upon shipment, provided that persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, the sales price is fixed or determinable, collectibility is reasonably assured, and title and risk of loss have passed to the customer. the fasb has issued guidance on multiple deliverable arrangements that establishes a relative selling price hierarchy for determining the selling price of a deliverable based on vendor specific objective evidence (vsoe) if available, third-party evidence (tpe) if vendor-specific objective evidence is not available, or best estimated selling price (besp) if neither vendor-specific objective evidence nor third-party evidence is available. our multiple deliverable arrangements include installation, installation supervision, training, and spare parts, which tend to be completed in a short period of time, at an insignificant cost, and utilizing skills not unique to us, and, therefore, are typically regarded as inconsequential or perfunctory. revenue for undelivered items is deferred and included within accrued liabilities in the accompanying balance sheet. revenues deferred in 2014, 2013 and 2012 were not material.
translation of foreign currency financial statements and foreign currency transactions — our reporting currency is the u.s. dollar. however, the functional currency for each of our foreign subsidiaries is its principal operating currency. we translate the amounts included in our consolidated statements of income from our foreign subsidiaries into u.s. dollars at weighted-average exchange rates, which we believe are representative of the actual exchange rates on the dates of the transactions. our foreign subsidiaries’ assets and liabilities are translated into u.s. dollars from local currency at the actual exchange rates as of the end of each reporting date, and we record the resulting foreign exchange translation adjustments in our consolidated balance sheets as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). if the u.s. dollar strengthens, we reflect the resulting losses as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). conversely, if the u.s. dollar weakens, foreign exchange translation gains result, which favorably impact accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). translation adjustments may be included in net earnings in the event of a sale or liquidation of certain of our underlying foreign investments. if we determine that the functional currency of any of our foreign subsidiaries should be the u.s. dollar, our financial statements will be affected. should this occur, we will adjust our reporting to appropriately account for any such changes.
as appropriate, we use permanently invested intercompany loans as a source of capital to reduce exposure to foreign currency fluctuations at our foreign subsidiaries. these loans, on a consolidated basis, are treated as being analogous to equity for accounting purposes. therefore, foreign exchange gains or losses on these intercompany loans are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).
20
goodwill — goodwill is the excess of purchase price over the fair value of tangible and identifiable intangible net assets acquired in various business combinations. goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment annually at the reporting unit level, or more often if indications of impairment exist. our reporting units are the adhesive dispensing systems segment, the industrial coating systems segment and one level below the advanced technology systems segment.
we test goodwill in accordance with accounting standards codification (asc) 350. the goodwill impairment test is a two-step process. in the first step, performed in the fourth quarter of each year, we estimate a reporting unit’s fair value using a combination of the discounted cash flow method of the income approach and the guideline public company method of the market approach and compare the result against the reporting unit’s carrying value of net assets. if the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, then a second step is performed to determine if goodwill is impaired. we use an independent valuation specialist to assist with refining our assumptions and methods used to determine fair values using these methods. in step one, the discounted cash flow method uses assumptions for revenue growth, operating margin, and working capital turnover that are based on general management’s strategic plans tempered by performance trends and reasonable expectations about those trends. terminal value calculations employ a published formula known as the gordon growth model method that essentially captures the present value of perpetual cash flows beyond the last projected period assuming a constant weighted average cost of capital (wacc) methodology and growth rate. for each reporting unit, a sensitivity analysis is performed to vary the discount and terminal growth rates in order to provide a range of reasonableness for detecting impairment.
discount rates are developed using a wacc methodology. the wacc represents the blended average required rate of return for equity and debt capital based on observed market return data and company specific risk factors. for 2014, the discount rates used ranged from 10 percent to 17 percent depending upon the reporting unit’s size, end market volatility, and projection risk. the calculated internal rate of return for the discounted cash flow method was 11 percent, the same as the calculated wacc for total nordson. in the application of the guideline public company method, fair value is determined using transactional evidence for similar publicly traded equity. the comparable company guideline group is determined based on relative similarities to each reporting unit since exact correlations are not available. an indication of fair value for each reporting unit is based on the placement of each reporting unit within a range of multiples determined for its comparable guideline company group. valuation multiples are derived by dividing latest twelve month performance for revenues and ebitda into total invested capital, which is the sum of traded equity plus interest bearing debt less cash. these multiples are applied against the revenue and ebitda of each reporting unit. while the implied indications of fair value using the guideline public company method yield meaningful results, the discounted cash flow method of the income approach includes management’s thoughtful projections and insights as to what the reporting units will accomplish in the near future. accordingly, the reasonable, implied fair value of each reporting unit is a blend based on the relative strength of the approaches employed.
to test the reasonableness of the aggregate fair value, we performed the control premium test, which compares the sum of the implied fair values calculated for our reporting units (net of debt) to the market value of equity. the control premium was 7 percent as of the test date of august 1, 2014 and 5 percent as of october 31, 2014. the control premium indicated that the discounted cash flow valuation was reasonable.
in 2014 and 2013, the results of our step one testing indicated no impairment; therefore, the second step of impairment testing was not necessary.
21
the excess of fair value (fv) over carrying value (cv) was compared to the carrying value for each reporting unit. based on the results shown in the table below and based on our measurement date of august 1, 2014, our conclusion is that no indicators of impairment exist in 2014. potential events or circumstances, such as a sustained downturn in global economies, could have a negative effect on estimated fair values.
wacc           excess of          goodwill fv over cv adhesive dispensing systems segment                                10   %             365   %      $405,328
industrial coating systems segment                                 16   %             136   %       $24,058
advanced technology systems segment — electronics systems          13   %             562   %       $15,138
advanced technology systems segment — fluid management             12   %             113   %      $478,218
advanced technology systems segment — test &amp; inspection        17   %             157   %       $14,397
the table above does not include two acquisitions that occurred after the august 1 measurement date but before our fiscal year-end. we acquired avalon laboratories holding corp. (“avalon”) on august 8, 2014 and dima group b.v. (“dima”) on august 29, 2014. determination of the preliminary goodwill associated with these acquisitions was completed with the assistance of an independent valuation specialist in october 2014. since the dates of the valuations, no events or changes in circumstances have occurred that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of these acquisitions below their carrying values. for future valuation purposes, avalon will be included in the advanced technology systems — fluid management reporting unit, and dima will be included in the advanced technology systems — electronics systems reporting unit.
other long-lived assets — we test other depreciable and amortizable long-lived assets for recoverability in accordance with asc 360 using undiscounted cash flows. the total carrying value of long-lived assets for each reporting unit has been compared to the forecasted cash flows of each reporting unit’s long-lived assets being tested. cash flows have been defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization, less annual maintenance capital spending.
estimates of future cash flows used to test the recoverability of a long-lived asset (asset group) are based on the remaining useful life of the asset. we believe that the relative value of long-lived assets within each reporting unit is a reasonable proxy for the relative importance of the assets in the production of cash flow. to get to a reasonable forecast period, the aggregate net book value of long-lived assets was divided by the current depreciation and amortization value to arrive at a blended remaining useful life. our calculations for 2014 showed the undiscounted aggregate value of cash flows over the remaining useful life for each reporting unit was greater than the respective carrying value of the long-lived assets within each reporting unit, so no impairment charges were recognized.
inventories — inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market. cost was determined using the last-in, first-out (lifo) method for 21 percent of consolidated inventories at october 31, 2014 and october 31, 2013, with the first-in, first-out (fifo) method used for the remaining inventory. on an ongoing basis, inventory is tested for technical obsolescence, as well as for future demand and changes in market conditions. we have historically maintained inventory reserves to reflect those conditions when the cost of inventory is not expected to be recovered. reserves are also maintained for inventory used for demonstration purposes. the inventory reserve balance was $26,744, $26,579 and $20,505 at october 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
pension plans and postretirement medical plans — the measurement of liabilities related to our pension plans and postretirement medical plans is based on management’s assumptions related to future factors, including interest rates, return on pension plan assets, compensation increases, mortality and turnover assumptions, and health care cost trend rates.
the weighted-average discount rate used to determine the present value of our domestic pension plan obligations was 4.29 percent at october 31, 2014 and 4.75 percent at october 31, 2013. the weighted-average discount rate used to determine the present value of our various international pension plan obligations was 2.94 percent at october 31, 2014, compared to 3.72 percent at october 31, 2013. the discount rates used for all plans were determined by using quality fixed income investments with a duration period approximately equal to the period over which pension obligations are expected to be settled.
22
in determining the expected return on plan assets, we consider both historical performance and an estimate of future long-term rates of return on assets similar to those in our plans. we consult with and consider the opinions of financial and actuarial experts in developing appropriate return assumptions. the expected rate of return (long-term investment rate) on domestic pension assets used to determine net benefit costs was 7.24 percent in 2014 and 2013. the average expected rate of return on international pension assets used to determine net benefit costs was 4.60 percent in 2014 and 4.43 percent in 2013.
the assumed rate of compensation increases used to determine the present value of our domestic pension plan obligations was 3.49 percent at october 31, 2014, compared to 3.30 percent at october 31, 2013. the assumed rate of compensation increases used to determine the present value of our international pension plan obligations was 3.19 percent at october 31, 2014, compared to 3.18 percent at october 31, 2013.
the measurement of domestic pension and other post employment benefit (opeb) plans’ projected benefit obligations included the effects of adopting the society of actuaries’ release of final rp2014 / mp2014 mortality tables. the adoption of these new tables resulted in an increase to our domestic pension and opeb plans’ projected benefit obligations of $28,554 and $4,878, respectively.
annual expense amounts are determined based on the discount rate used at the end of the prior year. differences between actual and assumed investment returns on pension plan assets result in actuarial gains or losses that are amortized into expense over a period of years.
with respect to the domestic postretirement medical plan, the discount rate used to value the benefit plan was 4.40 percent at october 31, 2014 and 4.80 percent at october 31, 2013. the annual rate of increase in the per capita cost of covered benefits (the health care cost trend rate) is assumed to be 3.93 percent in 2015, decreasing gradually to 3.41 percent in 2024.
for the international postretirement plan, the discount rate used to value the benefit obligation was 4.25 percent at october 31, 2014 and 4.95 percent at october 31, 2013. the annual rate of increase in the per capita cost of covered benefits (the health care cost trend rate) is assumed to be 6.48 percent in 2015, decreasing gradually to 3.50 percent in 2031.
employees hired after january 1, 2002, are not eligible to participate in the domestic postretirement medical plan.
pension and postretirement expenses in 2015 are expected to be approximately $4,000 higher than 2014, primarily due to changes in discount rates and the new mortality tables used for domestic plans.
income taxes — income taxes are estimated based on income for financial reporting purposes. deferred income taxes reflect the net tax effect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes and certain changes in valuation allowances. we provide valuation allowances against deferred tax assets if, based on available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
management believes the valuation allowances are adequate after considering future taxable income, allowable carryforward periods and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. in the event we were to determine that we would be able to realize the deferred tax assets in the future in excess of the net recorded amount (including the valuation allowance), an adjustment to the valuation allowance would increase income in the period such determination was made. conversely, should we determine that we would not be able to realize all or part of the net deferred tax asset in the future, an adjustment to the valuation allowance would be expensed in the period such determination was made.
further, at each interim reporting period, we estimate an effective income tax rate that is expected to be applicable for the full year. significant judgment is involved regarding the application of global income tax laws and regulations and when projecting the jurisdictional mix of income. additionally, interpretation of tax laws, court decisions or other guidance provided by taxing authorities influences our estimate of the effective income tax rates. as a result, our actual effective income tax rates and related income tax liabilities may differ materially from our estimated effective tax rates and related income tax liabilities. any resulting differences are recorded in the period they become known.
23
financial instruments — assets, liabilities and commitments that are to be settled in cash and are denominated in foreign currencies are sensitive to changes in currency exchange rates. we enter into foreign currency forward contracts, which are derivative financial instruments, to reduce the risk of foreign currency exposures resulting from the collection of receivables, payables and loans denominated in foreign currencies. the maturities of these contracts are usually less than 90 days. forward contracts are not designated as hedging instruments and therefore are marked to market each accounting period, and the resulting gains or losses are included in “other–net” within other income (expense) in the consolidated statement of income.
warranties — we provide customers with a product warranty that requires us to repair or replace defective products within a specified period of time (generally one year) from the date of delivery or first use. an accrual is recorded for expected warranty costs for products shipped through the end of each accounting period. in determining the amount of the accrual, we rely primarily on historical warranty claims. amounts charged to the warranty reserve were $10,813, $7,891 and $5,430 in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the reserve balance was $9,918, $9,409 and $8,929 at october 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
performance share incentive awards — executive officers and selected other key employees are eligible to receive share awards with payouts based on corporate performance over three-year periods. award payouts vary based on the degree to which corporate performance equals or exceeds predetermined threshold, target and maximum performance levels at the end of a performance period. no award payout will occur unless certain threshold performance levels are equaled or exceeded. the amount of compensation expense is based upon current performance projections for each three-year performance period and the percentage of the requisite service that has been rendered. the calculations are also based upon the grant date fair value determined using the closing market price of nordson common stock at the grant date, reduced by the implied value of dividends not to be paid. awards are recorded as capital in excess of stated value in shareholders’ equity. the cumulative amount recorded at october 31, 2014 for the plans originating in 2012, 2013 and 2014 was $7,570. compensation expense attributable to all performance share incentive award periods for executive officers and selected other key employees for 2014, 2013 and 2012 was $4,304, $3,588 and $4,235, respectively.
2014 compared to 2013
sales — worldwide sales for 2014 were $1,704,021, an increase of 10.4 percent from 2013 sales of $1,542,921. sales volume increased 10.9 percent, and unfavorable currency effects caused by the stronger u.s. dollar primarily against the japanese yen reduced sales by 0.5 percent. the volume increase consisted of 6.2 percent from organic growth and 4.7 percent from acquisitions. two acquisitions were made during 2014: avalon laboratories and dima group b.v., both of which are included within the advanced technology systems segment. three acquisitions were made during 2013: the kreyenborg group and certain assets of kodama chemical industry co., ltd., both of which were included within the adhesives dispensing systems segment and certain assets of nellcor puritan bennett mexico, s.a. de c.v., a subsidiary of covidien lp (“nellcor”), which was included within the advanced technology systems segment.
as used throughout this form 10-k, geographic regions include the americas (canada, mexico and central and south america), asia pacific (excluding japan), europe, japan, and the united states.
sales of the adhesive dispensing systems segment were $899,696 in 2014, an increase of $106,208, or 13.4 percent, from 2013 sales of $793,488. the increase was the result of a sales volume increase of 14.3 percent offset by unfavorable currency effects that reduced sales by 0.9 percent. the sales volume increase consisted of 8.1 percent from acquisitions and 6.2 percent from organic volume. sales volume, inclusive of acquisitions, increased in all geographic regions and was particularly strong in the europe and asia pacific regions. organic growth in all product lines was driven by our disposable hygiene, rigid packaging, polymer processing and general product assembly end markets.
sales of the advanced technology systems segment were $561,784 in 2014, an increase of $45,518, or 8.8 percent, from 2013 sales of $516,266. the increase was the result of a sales volume increase of 8.4 percent and favorable currency effects that increased sales by 0.4 percent. the sales volume increase consisted of 6.8% from organic volume and 1.6% from the first-year effect of acquisitions. within the segment, sales volume, inclusive of acquisitions, increased in all geographic regions, except the americas, and were most pronounced in
24
japan and asia pacific. strong organic growth in all product lines was led by demand for our automated dispensing equipment related to electronic mobile device assembly end markets, along with higher demand for our electronic test and inspection equipment, semi-automated dispensing systems and single-use fluid management components related to medical and industrial end markets.
sales of the industrial coating systems segment were $242,541 in 2014, an increase of $9,374, or 4.0 percent, from 2013 sales of $233,167. the increase was the result of a sales volume increase of 4.7 percent offset by unfavorable currency effects that reduced sales by 0.7 percent. the sales volume increase was entirely due to organic growth. sales volume increased in the united states and europe regions. growth was driven by demand for our cold material dispensing equipment in automotive and industrial end markets, coating equipment for food and beverage end markets and select consumer durable goods end markets, partially offset by softness in uv curing equipment for electronic applications.
sales outside the united states accounted for 70.4 percent of our sales in 2014, as compared to 69.8 percent in 2013. on a geographic basis, sales in the united states were $503,776, an increase of 8.2 percent from 2013. the increase consisted of 6.1 percent organic volume and 2.1 percent from acquisitions. in the americas region, sales were $120,993, down 2.2 percent from the prior year, with volume increasing 0.8 percent offset by unfavorable currency effects of 3.0 percent. the increase in sales volume consisted of 0.5 percent from organic volume and 0.3 percent from acquisitions. sales in europe were $494,538 in 2014, up 18.7 percent from 2013, with volume increasing 16.8 and favorable currency effects of 1.9 percent. the increase in sales volume consisted of 5.3 percent from organic growth and 11.5 percent from acquisitions. sales in japan for 2014 were $127,057, a decrease of 0.7 percent from the prior year. the decrease consisted of volume growth of 7.4 percent offset by unfavorable currency effects of 8.1 percent. the increase in sales volume consisted of 5.5 percent organic volume and 1.9 percent from acquisitions. sales in the asia pacific region were $457,657, up 11.9 percent from the prior year, with volume increasing 12.1 percent, offset by unfavorable currency effects of 0.2 percent. the increase in sales volume consisted of 9.0 percent from organic growth and 3.1 percent from acquisitions.
it is estimated that the effect of pricing on total revenue was neutral relative to 2013.
operating profit — cost of sales were $758,923 in 2014, up 12.1 percent from 2013. the increase compared to 2013 is primarily due to increased sales volume. gross profit, expressed as a percentage of sales, decreased to 55.5 percent in 2014 from 56.1 percent in 2013. the reduction in gross margin was primarily a result of product line mix, as well as a higher mix of systems revenue in our legacy business and currency effects.
selling and administrative expenses, including severance and restructuring costs, were $577,993 in 2014, an increase of $35,698, or 6.6 percent, from 2013. the increase was primarily due to the addition of acquired businesses and higher compensation expenses related to increased employment levels, partially offset by currency effects that reduced expenses.
selling and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales decreased to 33.9 percent in 2014 from 35.1 percent in 2013, due primarily to the higher level of sales and the favorable effects of continuous improvement activities.
severance and restructuring costs of $2,551 were recorded during 2014. within the adhesives dispensing systems segment, certain restructuring programs within our u.s. and european operations resulted in costs of $1,731. within the advanced technology systems segment, restructuring initiatives in the u.s. resulted in severance costs of $579. within the industrial coatings systems segment, restructuring activities in china resulted in severance costs of $241.
operating profit as a percentage of sales was 21.5 percent in 2014 compared to 21.0 percent in 2013. the increase was primarily due to higher sales volume supported by a more efficient cost structure.
operating capacity for each of our segments can support fluctuations in order activity without significant changes in operating costs. also, currency translation affects reported operating margins. operating margins for each segment were unfavorably impacted by a stronger dollar during 2014 as compared to 2013.
operating profit as a percentage of sales for the adhesive dispensing systems segment decreased to 25.5 percent in 2014 from 25.7 percent in 2013. the slight decline in 2014 was due to the dilution effect of acquired product lines in 2013.
25
operating profit as a percentage of sales for the advanced technology systems segment increased to 25.0 percent in 2014 from 23.9 percent in 2013. the increase was due primarily to higher sales volume supported by a more efficient cost structure.
operating profit as a percentage of sales for the industrial coating systems segment increased to 15.7 percent in 2014 from 14.5 percent in 2013. the increase was due primarily to higher sales volume supported by a more efficient cost structure.
interest and other income (expense) — interest expense in 2014 was $15,035, an increase of $194, or 1.3 percent, from 2013. the increase was due to higher borrowing levels resulting primarily from acquisitions in the second half of 2013 and 2014.
other expense in 2014 was $138 compared to other income in 2013 of $1,694. included in 2014 were a gain on property insurance settlement of $1,005 and foreign currency losses of $478. included in 2013 were a gain on sale of real estate in china of $2,106 and foreign currency losses of $2,214.
income taxes — income tax expense in 2014 was $105,740, or 30.0 percent of pre-tax income, as compared to $89,306, or 28.7 percent of pre-tax income in 2013.
the 2013 rate was impacted by a favorable adjustment to unrecognized tax benefits of $900 primarily related to expiration of certain foreign statutes of limitations. on january 2, 2013, the american taxpayer relief act of 2012 was enacted which retroactively reinstated and extended the federal research and development tax credit (federal r&d tax credit) from january 1, 2012 to december 31, 2013 and extended certain other tax provisions. as a result, the company’s income tax expense for 2013 includes a discrete tax benefit of $1,700 related to 2012.
net income — net income was $246,773, or $3.84 per diluted share, in 2014, compared to net income of $221,817, or $3.42 per diluted share in 2013. this represents an 11.3 percent increase in net income and a 12.3 percent increase in diluted earnings per share.
recently issued accounting standards — in july 2013, the financial accounting standards board (fasb) issued an accounting standards update (asu) which requires the netting of unrecognized tax benefits against a deferred tax asset for a loss or other carry forward that would apply in settlement of uncertain tax positions. under the new standard, unrecognized tax benefits will be netted against all available same-jurisdiction loss or other tax carry forwards that would be utilized, rather than only against carry forwards that are created by the unrecognized tax benefits. the new guidance is effective prospectively to all existing unrecognized tax benefits, but entities can choose to apply it retrospectively. the guidance will be effective for us in our first quarter of 2015, with early adoption permitted. we do not believe the adoption of this asu will have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.
in may 2014, the fasb issued a new standard regarding revenue recognition. under this standard, a company recognizes revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. the standard implements a five-step process for customer contract revenue recognition that focuses on transfer of control. it will be effective for us beginning in 2018, with early adoption not permitted. entities can transition to the standard either retrospectively or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption. we are currently assessing the impact this standard will have on our consolidated financial statements as well as the method by which we will adopt the new standard.
2013 compared to 2012
sales — worldwide sales for 2013 were $1,542,921, an increase of 9.5 percent from 2012 sales of $1,409,578. sales volume increased 10.6 percent, and unfavorable currency effects caused by the stronger u.s. dollar primarily against the japanese yen reduced sales by 1.1 percent. the volume increase consisted of 10.2 percent from acquisitions and 0.4 percent from organic growth. three acquisitions were made during 2013: the kreyenborg group and certain assets of kodama chemical industry co., ltd., which were both included within the adhesive dispensing systems segment, and certain assets of nellcor puritan bennett mexico, s.a. de c.v., a subsidiary of covidien lp (nellcor) which was included within the advanced technology systems segment. three
26
acquisitions were made during 2012: edi holdings, inc. (edi) and xaloy superior holdings, inc. (xaloy), which were included within the adhesive dispensing systems segment, and sealant equipment & engineering, inc. (see), which was included within the industrial coating systems segment.
as used throughout this form 10-k, geographic regions include the americas (canada, mexico and central and south america), asia pacific (excluding japan), europe, japan, and the united states.
sales of the adhesive dispensing systems segment were $793,488 in 2013, an increase of $109,392, or 16.0 percent, from 2012 sales of $684,096. the increase was the result of a sales volume increase of 17.6 percent offset by unfavorable currency effects that reduced sales by 1.6 percent. the sales volume increase consisted of 18.8 percent from acquisitions offset by a 1.2 percent reduction in organic volume. sales volume, inclusive of acquisitions, increased in all geographic regions and was particularly strong in the united states and asia pacific regions. growth in our solar applications, paper board packaging and certain durable goods markets was partially offset by softness in our plastics processing markets and disposable hygiene product markets.
sales of the advanced technology systems segment were $516,266 in 2013, an increase of $274, or 0.1 percent, from 2012 sales of $515,992. the increase was the result of a sales volume increase of 0.3 percent offset by unfavorable currency effects that reduced sales by 0.2 percent. the sales volume increase was solely due to organic growth. within the segment, volume increases occurred in all geographic regions, except asia pacific, and were most pronounced in japan. growth in our automotive electronics, display assembly, printed circuit board assembly and medical equipment markets was offset by softness in our semiconductor packaging and industrial assembly end markets.
sales of the industrial coating systems segment were $233,167 in 2013, an increase of $23,677, or 11.3 percent, from 2012 sales of $209,490. the increase was the result of a sales volume increase of 12.7 percent offset by unfavorable currency effects that reduced sales by 1.4 percent. the sales volume increase consisted of 5.6 percent organic growth and 7.1 percent from an acquisition. sales volume, inclusive of acquisitions, increased in the united states, americas, and japan regions. growth in some of our consumer and industrial durable goods markets was offset by softness in our large dollar systems supporting automotive oems and container coating markets.
sales outside the united states accounted for 69.8 percent of our sales in 2013, versus 72.4 percent in 2012. on a geographic basis, sales in the united states were $465,789, an increase of 19.8 percent from 2012. the increase consisted of 1.5 percent organic volume and 18.3 percent from acquisitions. in the americas region, sales were $123,654, up 13.4 percent from the prior year, with volume increasing 14.8 percent offset by unfavorable currency effects of 1.4 percent. the increase in sales volume consisted of 5.8 percent organic volume and 9.0 percent from acquisitions. sales in europe were $416,725 in 2013, up 9.4 percent from 2012, with volume increasing 8.1 and favorable currency effects of 1.3 percent. the increase in sales volume consisted primarily of 8.0 percent from acquisitions. sales in japan for 2013 were $127,945, an increase of 0.3 percent from the prior year. the increase consisted of volume of 16.1 percent offset by unfavorable currency effects of 15.8 percent. the increase in sales volume consisted of 8.5 percent organic volume and 7.6 percent from acquisitions. sales in the asia pacific region were $408,808, up 1.4 percent from the prior year, with volume increasing 0.9 percent, and favorable currency effects of 0.5 percent. the increase in sales volume consisted of 5.4 percent from acquisitions offset by a decline in organic volume of 4.5 percent.
it is estimated that the effect of pricing on total revenue was neutral relative to 2012.
operating profit — cost of sales, including those costs classified as restructuring, were $676,777 in 2013, up 15.4 percent from 2012. the increase compared to 2012 is primarily due to increased sales volume. gross profit, expressed as a percentage of sales, decreased to 56.1 percent in 2013 from 58.4 percent in 2012. the reduction in gross margin was primarily a result of lower product line margins relating to 2013 and 2012 acquisitions, as well as a higher mix of systems revenue in our legacy business and currency effects.
selling and administrative expenses, including severance and restructuring costs, were $542,295 in 2013, an increase of $54,486, or 11.2 percent, from 2012. the increase was primarily due to the addition of acquired businesses, acquisition transaction costs and higher compensation expenses related to increased employment levels, partially offset by currency effects that reduced expenses.
27
selling and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales increased to 35.1 percent in 2013 from 34.6 percent in 2012, due primarily to the acquired businesses and modest organic sales volume growth.
severance and restructuring costs of $1,126 were recorded during 2013. within the adhesives dispensing systems segment, a restructuring program to optimize certain european operations resulted in costs of $315. within the advanced technology systems segment, restructuring initiatives that involved plant and facility consolidations and other programs resulted in severance costs of $811 in 2013.
operating profit as a percentage of sales was 21.0 percent in 2013 compared to 23.8 percent in 2012. the decrease was primarily due to the dilutive effect of 2013 and 2012 acquisitions, as well as modest organic sales growth and higher selling and administrative expenses.
operating capacity for each of our segments can support fluctuations in order activity without significant changes in operating costs. also, currency translation affects reported operating margins. operating margins for each segment were unfavorably impacted by a stronger dollar during 2013 as compared to 2012.
operating profit as a percentage of sales for the adhesive dispensing systems segment decreased to 25.7 percent in 2013 from 30.9 percent in 2012. the decrease was primarily due to the dilutive effect of 2013 and 2012 acquisitions.
operating profit as a percentage of sales for the advanced technology systems segment decreased to 23.9 percent in 2013 from 26.0 percent in 2012. the decline was partially due to a higher mix of engineered systems serving mobile electronic device customers and incremental spending on initiatives that are intended to drive growth in future periods.
operating profit as a percentage of sales for the industrial coating systems segment increased to 14.5 percent in 2013 from 12.4 percent in 2012. the increase was primarily due to better absorption of fixed expenses, as well as the accretive effect of a 2012 acquisition.
interest and other income (expense) — interest expense in 2013 was $14,841, an increase of $3,688, or 33.1 percent, from 2012. the increase was due to higher borrowing levels resulting primarily from acquisitions in the second half of 2012 and 2013.
other income in 2013 was $1,694 compared to $1,463 in 2012. included in 2013 were the gain on sale of real estate in china of $2,106 and foreign currency losses of $2,214. the 2012 amount included a net gain of $713 on the sale of three facilities within the adhesive dispensing systems segment and foreign currency losses of $1,016.
income taxes — income tax expense in 2013 was $89,306, or 28.7 percent of pre-tax income, as compared to $101,424, or 31.1 percent of pre-tax income in 2012.
the 2013 rate was impacted by a favorable adjustment to unrecognized tax benefits of $900 primarily related to expiration of certain foreign statutes of limitations. on january 2, 2013, the american taxpayer relief act of 2012 was enacted which retroactively reinstated and extended the federal research and development tax credit (federal r&d tax credit) from january 1, 2012 to december 31, 2013 and extended certain other tax provisions. as a result, the company’s income tax expense for 2013 includes a discrete tax benefit of $1,700 related to 2012.
the 2012 tax rate was impacted by a favorable adjustment related to our 2011 tax provision that reduced income taxes by $400, a favorable adjustment to deferred taxes related to a tax rate reduction in the united kingdom that reduced income taxes by $175, and additional tax expense of $325 related to an adjustment of deferred taxes resulting from a tax rate reduction in japan.
net income — net income was $221,817, or $3.42 per diluted share, in 2013, compared to net income of $224,829, or $3.45 per diluted share in 2012. this represented a 1.3 percent decrease in net income and a 0.9 percent decrease in diluted earnings per share.
liquidity and capital resources cash and cash equivalents decreased $61 in 2014. cash provided by operating activities was $288,155 in 2014, compared to $268,376 in 2013. the primary sources were net income adjusted for non-cash income and expenses
28
and the tax benefit from the exercise of stock options, the sum of which was $322,529 in 2014, compared to $287,378 in 2013. operating assets and liabilities used $34,374 of cash in 2014, compared to $19,002 in 2013. the primary reasons for this increase were higher receivables due to higher year-end shipments, higher inventory investments to meet anticipated demand, partially offset by higher accrued liabilities.
cash used by investing activities was $230,525 in 2014, compared to $220,545 in 2013. the 2014 acquisitions of avalon laboratories and dima group b.v. used $186,420 of cash. the 2013 acquisitions of the kreyenborg group, certain assets from kodama chemical industry co., ltd and certain assets from nellcor puritan bennett mexico, s.a. de c.v., a subsidiary of covidien lp used $176,333 of cash. capital expenditures were $43,574 in 2014, down from $47,219 in the prior year. current year capital expenditures were focused on production machinery, continued investments in our information systems platform and on a new facility in colorado supporting our fluid management product lines. cash proceeds of $3,847 in 2013 related primarily to sale of real estate in china.
cash of $53,458 was used by financing activities in 2014, compared to $52,426 in 2013. included in 2014 were net short and long-term borrowings of $153,823, compared to $15,747 in the prior year. the change was primarily due to increased borrowing for acquisitions and purchase of treasury shares in 2014. issuance of common shares related to employee benefit plans generated $7,013 of cash in 2014, up from $6,018 in 2013, and the tax benefit from stock option exercises was $6,385 in the current year, up from $5,531 in the prior year. these increases were the result of higher stock option exercises. in 2014, cash of $166,434 was used for the purchase of treasury shares, up from $33,402 in 2013. dividend payments were $48,391 in 2014, up from $40,478 in 2013 due to an increase in the annual dividend to $0.76 per share from $0.63 per share.
the following is a summary of significant changes by balance sheet caption from october 31, 2013 to october 31, 2014. receivables increased $57,137 primarily due to higher sales in the fourth quarter of 2014 compared to the fourth quarter of 2013. the increase of $12,470 in inventories was primarily due to inventory held by avalon laboratories and dima group b.v, which were both acquired in 2014. net property, plant and equipment increased $23,460 primarily due to capital expenditures and acquisitions, partially offset by depreciation expense. goodwill increased $113,326, due to acquisitions completed in 2014 that added $124,391 of goodwill, offset by $11,065 from the effects of currency translation. the increase in net other intangibles of $22,237 was due to $53,281 of intangibles added as a result of the 2014 acquisitions, partially offset by $25,308 of amortization and $5,736 from the effects of currency translation.
the increase in notes payable of $102,577 was related to the borrowing of a $100,000 short-term credit facility with pnc bank. accounts payable increased $6,377, primarily due to the higher level of business activity in the fourth quarter of 2014 compared to the fourth quarter of 2013. the increase in income taxes payable of $2,064 was due to the timing of required tax payments. the increase of $26,473 in accrued liabilities was due to higher compensation-related accruals and higher value of foreign exchange contracts. the long-term debt increase of $44,710 primarily reflects $121,242 of net borrowings under our revolving credit agreement offset by repayments of $65,815 under our €100,000 agreement with the bank of tokyo-mitsubishi ufj, ltd, and repayments of $10,556 under our new york life credit facility. the $20,328 increase in long-term pension obligations was primarily the result of a decrease in discount rates and new mortality tables used for domestic plans. postretirement obligations increased $8,506 primarily due to a decrease in discount rates and new mortality tables used for domestic plans. the increase of $3,945 in other long-term liabilities is due primarily to the avalon and dima group acquisitions and corporate deferred compensation liabilities.
in august 2013 the board of directors approved a repurchase program of up to $200,000. uses for repurchased shares include the funding of benefit programs including stock options, restricted stock and 401(k) matching. shares purchased are treated as treasury shares until used for such purposes. the repurchase program is being funded using cash from operations and proceeds from borrowings under our credit facilities. during 2014, we repurchased 2,224 shares within these programs for a total of $163,584, excluding shares repurchased for taxes associated with stock-based compensation.
as of october 31, 2014, approximately 87 percent of our consolidated cash and cash equivalents were held at various foreign subsidiaries. deferred income taxes are not provided on undistributed earnings of international
29
subsidiaries that are intended to be permanently invested in those operations. these undistributed earnings aggregated approximately $622,914 and $510,842 at october 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. should these earnings be distributed, applicable foreign tax credits would substantially offset united states taxes due upon the distribution.
subsequent to october 31, 2014, the board of directors authorized a new $300,000 share repurchase program, effective december 16, 2014. this new program replaced the $200,000 program approved by the board in august 2013.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes contractual obligations as of october 31, 2014:
obligations                                                       payments due by period total                    less than                    1-3 years               4-5 years           after 5
1 year                                                                   years long-term debt(1)                                                 $693,619                 $10,751                       $487,384                 $48,178           $147,306
interest payments on long-term debt(1)                                    43,297                    7,464                  13,220                  10,462                  12,151
capital lease obligations(2)                                              22,267                    6,866                   7,297                   1,628                  6,476
operating leases(2)                                                       43,551                   12,189                  13,000                   7,952                  10,410
notes payable(3)                                                         106,181                  106,181                       —                       —                  —
contributions related to pension and postretirement benefits(4)           28,100                   28,100                       —                       —                  —
purchase obligations(5)                                                   52,616                   52,314                     302                       —                  —
total obligations                                                 $989,631                 $223,865                      $521,203                 $68,220           $176,343
(1) we have a $500,000 unsecured, multicurrency credit facility with a group of banks that expires in december 2016 and may be increased to $750,000 under certain conditions. at october 31, 2014, $375,242 was outstanding under this facility, compared to $254,000 outstanding at october 31, 2013. the weighted average interest rate for borrowings under this agreement was 1.08 percent at october 31, 2014. there are two primary financial covenants that must be met under this facility. the first covenant limits the amount of total indebtedness that can be incurred to 3.50 times consolidated trailing four-quarter ebitda (both indebtedness and ebitda as defined in the credit agreement). the second covenant requires consolidated trailing four-quarter ebitda to be at least 2.75 times consolidated trailing four-quarter interest expense (both as defined in the credit agreement). at october 31, 2014, we were in compliance with all debt covenants, and the amount we could borrow under the credit facility would not have been limited by any debt covenants.
in 2011, we entered into a $150,000 three-year private shelf note agreement with new york life investment management llc. effective in 2013, the amount of the facility was increased from $150,000 to $175,000. borrowings under the agreement may be up to 12 years, with an average life of up to 10 years and are unsecured. the interest rate on each borrowing can be fixed or floating and is based upon the market rate at the borrowing date. this agreement contains customary events of default and covenants related to limitations on indebtedness and the maintenance of certain financial ratios. at october 31, 2014, there was $53,333 outstanding under this facility, compared to $63,889 at october 31, 2013. the fixed rate was 2.21 percent at october 31, 2014. we were in compliance with all covenants at october 31, 2014, and the amount we could borrow would not have been limited by any debt covenants.
in 2012, we entered into a note purchase agreement with a group of insurance companies under which we sold $200,000 of senior notes. the notes mature between july 2017 and july 2025 and bear interest at fixed rates between 2.27 percent and 3.13 percent. we were in compliance with all covenants at october 31, 2014.
in 2013, we entered into a €100,000 agreement with the bank of tokyo-mitsubishi ufj, ltd. the term of the agreement is three years and can be extended by one year at the end of the third and fourth anniversaries. the
30
interest rate is variable based upon the eur libor rate and was 0.95 percent at october 31, 2014. at october 31, 2014, there was €50,500 $(63,244) outstanding under this agreement, compared to €95,000 $(129,058) at october 31, 2013. we were in compliance with all covenants at october 31, 2014.
see note 9 for additional information.
(2) see note 10 for additional information.
(3) in 2014, we entered into a 364-day $100,000 unsecured credit facility with pnc bank. we borrowed $100,000 under this facility to partially fund the avalon acquisition. no additional borrowings can be made under this agreement, and any future repayments will reduce the maximum amount by the amount of the repayment. the interest rate for borrowings under this facility was 0.95 percent at october 31, 2014. we were in compliance with all covenants at october 31, 2014.
see note 8 for additional information.
(4) pension and postretirement plan funding amounts after 2015 will be determined based on the future funded status of the plans and therefore cannot be estimated at this time. see note 6 for additional information.
(5) purchase obligations primarily represent commitments for materials used in our manufacturing processes that are not recorded in our consolidated balance sheet.
we believe that the combination of present capital resources, internally generated funds and unused financing sources are more than adequate to meet cash requirements for 2015. there are no significant restrictions limiting the transfer of funds from international subsidiaries to the parent company.
outlook our operating performance, balance sheet position, and financial ratios for 2014 remained strong relative to 2013 and recent years, although uncertainties persisted in global financial markets and the general economic environment. going forward, we are well-positioned to manage our liquidity needs that arise from working capital requirements, capital expenditures, contributions related to pension and postretirement obligations, and principal and interest payments on indebtedness. primary sources of capital to meet these needs as well as other opportunistic investments are cash provided by operations and borrowings under our loan agreements. in 2014, cash from operations was 17 percent of revenue. with respect to borrowing under existing loan agreements, as of october 31, 2014, we had $124,758 available capacity under our five-year term, $500,000 unsecured, multicurrency credit facility. in addition, we had $121,666 borrowing capacity remaining on our $175,000 three-year private shelf agreement with new york life investment management llc. while these facilities provide the contractual terms for any borrowing, we cannot be assured that these facilities would be available in the event that these financial institutions failed to remain sufficiently capitalized.
other loan agreements exist with no remaining borrowing capacity, but factor into debt covenant calculations that affect future borrowing capacity. on july 26, 2012, we entered into a note purchase agreement with a group of insurance companies under which we sold $200,000 of senior notes. the notes mature between july 2017 and july 2025 and bear interest at fixed rates between 2.27 percent and 3.13 percent. as of october 31, 2014, we owe €50,500 on a €100,000 three-year term loan facility entered into on august 30, 2013, with the bank of tokyo mitsubishi ufj, ltd. this loan facility bears interest at variable margin rates of 0.75 percent to 1.625 percent above eur libor. as of august 6, 2014, we entered into a $100,000 364-day term loan facility with pnc bank, national association. rate on this loan is 75 basis points over libor.
respective to all of these loans are two primary covenants, the leverage ratio that restricts indebtedness (net of cash) to a maximum 3.50 times consolidated four-quarter trailing ebitda and the interest coverage ratio that requires four-quarter trailing ebitda to be at minimum 2.75 times consolidated trailing four-quarter interest expense. (debt, ebitda, and interest expense are as defined in respective credit agreements.) with respect to these two primary covenants as of october 31, 2014, we were approximately 47 percent of the most restrictive leverage ratio and approximately nine times the most restrictive interest coverage ratio. unused borrowing capacity under existing loan agreements would amount to an additional 15 percent of the most restrictive leverage ratio.
31
regarding expectations for 2015, we are optimistic about the growth opportunities in the diverse consumer durable, non-durable, medical, electronics and industrial end markets we serve. however, we move forward with caution given slower growth in emerging markets, economists’ expectations for global gdp indicating a low-growth macroeconomic environment and marketplace effects of political instability in certain areas of the world. though the pace of improvement in the global economy remains somewhat unclear, our growth potential has been demonstrated over time from our capacity to build and enhance our core by entering emerging markets and pursuing market adjacencies. we drive value for our customers through our application expertise, differentiated technology, and direct sales and service support. our priorities also focus on operational improvements by employing continuous improvement methodologies to our business processes. we expect these efforts will continue to provide more than sufficient cash from operations for meeting our liquidity needs and paying dividends to common shareholders, as well as enabling us to invest in the development of new applications and markets for our technologies and pursue strategic acquisition opportunities. for 2009 — 2014, excluding voluntary contributions to us defined benefit plans in 2010, cash from operations have been 17 to 21 percent of revenues, resulting in more than sufficient cash for our ordinary business requirements. our available borrowing capacity will enable us to make opportunistic investments in our own common shares and strategic business combinations.
with respect to contractual spending, the table above presents our financial obligations as $989,631 of which $223,865 is payable in 2015. effective december 16, 2014, we have in place a share repurchase program approved by the board of directors, authorizing management at its discretion to repurchase shares up to $300,000.
this new authorization continues a succession of share repurchase programs authorized since 2011. the repurchase program is funded using cash from operations and proceeds from borrowings under our credit facilities. timing and actual number of shares subject to repurchase are contingent on a number of factors including levels of cash generation from operations, cash requirements for acquisitions, repayment of debt and our share price. capital expenditures for 2015 will be focused on continued investments in our information systems, completing a new facility in colorado supporting our fluid management product lines and projects that improve both capacity and efficiency of manufacturing and distribution operations.
effects of foreign currency the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on sales and operating results cannot be precisely measured due to fluctuating selling prices, sales volume, product mix and cost structures in each country where we operate. as a general rule, a weakening of the united states dollar relative to foreign currencies has a favorable effect on sales and net income, while a strengthening of the dollar has a detrimental effect.
in 2014, as compared with 2013, the united states dollar was generally stronger against foreign currencies. if 2013 exchange rates had been in effect during 2014, sales would have been approximately $7,002 higher and third-party costs would have been approximately $1,845 higher. in 2013, as compared with 2012, the united states dollar was generally stronger against foreign currencies. if 2012 exchange rates had been in effect during 2013, sales would have been approximately $15,052 higher and third-party costs would have been approximately $7,035 higher. these effects on reported sales do not include the impact of local price adjustments made in response to changes in currency exchange rates.
inflation inflation affects profit margins as the ability to pass cost increases on to customers is restricted by the need for competitive pricing. although inflation has been modest in recent years and has had no material effect on the years covered by these financial statements, we continue to seek ways to minimize the impact of inflation through focused efforts to increase productivity.
trends the five-year summary in item 6 documents our historical financial trends. over this period, the world’s economic conditions fluctuated significantly. our solid performance is attributed to our participation in diverse geographic and industrial markets and our long-term commitment to develop and provide quality products and worldwide service to meet our customers’ changing needs.
32
safe harbor statements under the private securities litigation reform act of 1995
this form 10-k, particularly “management’s discussion and analysis,” contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities act of 1933, as amended, the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended, and the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. such statements relate to, among other things, income, earnings, cash flows, changes in operations, operating improvements, businesses in which we operate and the united states and global economies. statements in this 10-k that are not historical are hereby identified as “forward-looking statements” and may be indicated by words or phrases such as “anticipates,” “supports,” “plans,” “projects,” “expects,” “believes,” “should,” “would,” “could,” “hope,” “forecast,” “management is of the opinion,” use of the future tense and similar words or phrases.
in light of these risks and uncertainties, actual events and results may vary significantly from those included in or contemplated or implied by such statements. readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements speak only as of the date made. we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the expected results are discussed in item 1a, risk factors.
