item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
there are many factors that could have a material adverse effect on nisource's operating results, financial condition and cash flows. each of the risks described below could adversely impact the value of nisource's securities.
nisource has substantial indebtedness which could adversely affect its financial condition.
nisource had total consolidated indebtedness of $9,999.4 million outstanding as of december 31, 2014. the substantial indebtedness could have important consequences to investors. for example, it could:
•   limit the ability to borrow additional funds or increase the cost of borrowing additional funds;
•   reduce the availability of cash flow from operations to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes;
•   limit the flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the business and the industries in which the company operates;
•   lead parties with whom nisource does business to require additional credit support, such as letters of credit, in order for nisource to transact such business;
•   place nisource at a competitive disadvantage compared to competitors that are less leveraged;
•   increase vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; and
•   limit the ability of the company to execute on its growth strategy, which is dependent upon access to capital to fund its substantial investment program.
some of nisource's debt obligations contain financial covenants related to debt-to-capital ratios and cross-default provisions. nisource's failure to comply with any of these covenants could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of outstanding debt obligations. additionally, a drop in nisource's credit rating could adversely impact the cost for nisource to issue new debt securities.
a drop in nisource's credit rating could adversely impact nisource's liquidity.
the announcement of the proposed separation on september 28, 2014 triggered ratings reviews by standard & poor's ("standard & poor's"), moody's investors service ("moody's"), and fitch ratings inc. ("fitch"). on september 29, 2014, standard & poor's affirmed the senior unsecured ratings for nisource and the existing ratings of its other rated subsidiaries at bbb- and the nisource finance commercial paper rating of a-3, placing the company's ratings on watch positive. on september 29, 2014, moody's investors service affirmed the nisource senior unsecured rating of baa2 and commercial paper rating of p-2, with a stable outlook. additionally, moody's affirmed nipsco's baa1 rating and affirmed the baa2 rating for columbia of massachusetts. on september 29, 2014, fitch affirmed the senior unsecured ratings for nisource at bbb-, and the existing ratings of its other rated subsidiaries. fitch's outlook for nisource and its subsidiaries is stable. although all ratings continue to be investment grade, a downgrade by either standard & poor's or fitch would result in a rating that is below investment grade.
certain nisource affiliates have agreements that contain "ratings triggers" that require increased collateral if the credit ratings of nisource or certain of its subsidiaries are rated below bbb- by standard & poor's or baa3 by moody's. these agreements are primarily for insurance purposes and for the physical purchase or sale of power. the collateral requirement that would be required in the event of a downgrade below the ratings trigger levels would amount to approximately $39.3 million. in addition to agreements with ratings triggers, there are other agreements that contain "adequate assurance" or "material adverse change" provisions that could necessitate additional credit support such as letters of credit and cash collateral to transact business. a credit downgrade could also adversely affect the availability and cost of capital needed to fund the growth investments that are a central element of nisource's long-term business strategy.
these requirements, combined with other potential negative effects on nisource's liquidity in the event of a credit downgrade below an investment grade rating, could have a material adverse effect on earnings potential and cash flows. lastly, a credit downgrade could adversely affect the availability and cost of capital needed to fund the growth investments which are a central element of the company's long-term business strategy.
nisource may not be able to execute its growth strategy as planned.
because of changes in the business or regulatory environment, nisource may not be able to execute its business plan as intended. nisource's commercial and regulatory initiatives may not achieve planned results; levels of commercial growth and expansion of the gas transmission and storage business may be less than its plan has anticipated; natural gas production activity, including production facilitated by hydraulic fracturing and horizontal drilling, could be less than anticipated, which could adversely affect nisource's gas transmission, storage and midstream business expansion opportunities; and, therefore, the actual results of
10
item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
nisource's financial management of the balance sheet, and process and expense management, could deviate materially from planned outcomes. in addition, nisource's growth plan relies on the continued view of natural gas as an economically and ecologically attractive fuel. any developments that cause natural gas no longer to be seen as a favored fuel could adversely affect our results of operations and growth prospects.
adverse economic and market conditions or increases in interest rates could reduce net revenue growth, increase costs, decrease future net income and cash flows and impact capital resources and liquidity needs.
while the national economy is experiencing some recovery from the recent downturn, nisource cannot predict how robust the recovery will be or whether or not it will be sustained.
continued sluggishness in the economy impacting nisource's operating jurisdictions could adversely impact nisource's ability to grow its customer base and collect revenues from customers, which could reduce net revenue growth and increase operating costs. an increase in the interest rates nisource pays would adversely affect future net income and cash flows. in addition, nisource depends on debt to finance its operations, including both working capital and capital expenditures, and would be adversely affected by increases in interest rates. if the current economic recovery remains slow or credit markets again tighten, nisource's ability to raise additional capital or refinance debt at a reasonable cost could be negatively impacted. refer to note 14, "long-term debt," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for information related to outstanding long-term debt and maturities of that debt.
capital market performance and other factors may decrease the value of benefit plan assets, which then could require significant additional funding and impact earnings.
the performance of the capital markets affects the value of the assets that are held in trust to satisfy future obligations under defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans. nisource has significant obligations in these areas and holds significant assets in these trusts. these assets are subject to market fluctuations and may yield uncertain returns, which fall below nisource's projected rates of return. a decline in the market value of assets may increase the funding requirements of the obligations under the defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans. additionally, changes in interest rates affect the liabilities under these benefit plans; as interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, which could potentially increase funding requirements. further, the funding requirements of the obligations related to these benefits plans may increase due to changes in governmental regulations and participant demographics, including increased numbers of retirements or changes in life expectancy assumptions. ultimately, significant funding requirements and increased pension expense could negatively impact nisource's results of operations and financial position.
the majority of nisource's net revenues are subject to economic regulation and are exposed to the impact of regulatory rate reviews and proceedings.
most of nisource's net revenues are subject to economic regulation at either the federal or state level. as such, the net revenues generated by those regulated companies are subject to regulatory review by the applicable federal or state authority. these rate reviews determine the rates charged to customers and directly impact revenues. nisource's financial results are dependent on frequent regulatory proceedings in order to ensure timely recovery of costs. additionally, the costs of complying with future changes in environmental laws and regulations are expected to be significant, and their recovery through rates will be contingent on regulatory approval.
as a result of efforts to introduce market-based competition in certain markets where the regulated businesses conduct operations, nisource may compete with independent marketers for customers. this competition exposes nisource to the risk that certain stranded costs may not be recoverable and may affect results of nisource's growth strategy and cash flows.
nisource's costs of compliance with environmental laws are significant. the costs of compliance with future environmental laws and the recognition of environmental liabilities could impact cash flow and profitability.
nisource's subsidiaries are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental requirements that, among other things, regulate air emissions, water usage and discharges, remediation and the management of chemicals, hazardous waste, solid waste, and coal combustion residuals. compliance with these legal obligations requires nisource to make expenditures for installation of pollution control equipment, remediation, environmental monitoring, emissions fees and permits at many of nisource's facilities. these expenditures are significant, and nisource expects that they will continue to be significant in the future. furthermore, if nisource's subsidiaries fail to comply with environmental laws and regulations or cause harm to the environment or persons, even
11
item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
if caused by factors beyond nisource's control, that failure or harm may result in the assessment of civil or criminal penalties and damages against nisource and its subsidiaries.
existing environmental laws and regulations may be revised and new laws and regulations seeking to protect the environment may be adopted or become applicable to nisource's subsidiaries. revised or additional laws and regulations could result in significant additional expense and operating restrictions on nisource's facilities or increased compliance costs, which may not be fully recoverable from customers and would, therefore, reduce net income. moreover, such costs could materially affect the continued economic viability of one or more of nisource's facilities.
because nisource's operations deal with natural gas and coal fossil fuels, emissions of ghgs are an expected aspect of the business. while nisource attempts to reduce ghg emissions through efficiency programs, leak detection, and other programs, ghg emissions cannot be entirely eliminated. the current administration has made it clear that it is focused on reducing ghg emissions, through legislation and/or regulation. imposing statutory or regulatory restrictions and/or costs on ghg emissions could increase nisource's cost of producing energy, which could impact customer demand or nisource's profitability. compliance costs associated with these requirements could also affect nisource's cash flow. the cost impact of any new or amended ghg legislation or regulations would depend upon the specific requirements enacted and cannot be determined at this time.
even in instances where legal and regulatory requirements are already known, the original estimates for cleanup and environmental capital projects can differ materially from the amount ultimately expended. the actual future expenditures depend on many factors, including the nature and extent of contamination, the method of cleanup, the cost of raw materials, contractor costs, and the availability of cost recovery from customers. changes in costs and the ability to recover under regulatory mechanisms could affect nisource's financial position, operating results and cash flows.
a significant portion of the gas and electricity nisource sells is used by residential and commercial customers for heating and air conditioning. accordingly, the operating results fluctuate depending on the weather and, to a certain extent, usage of gas or electricity.
energy sales are sensitive to variations in weather. forecasts of energy sales are based on normal weather, which represents a long-term historical average. significant variations from normal weather could have, and have had, a material impact on energy sales. additionally, residential usage, and to some degree commercial usage, have shown to be sensitive to fluctuations in commodity costs for gas and electricity, whereby usage declines with increased costs, thus affecting nisource's financial results. lastly, residential and commercial customers' usage has shown to be sensitive to economic conditions and the impact of macro-economic drivers such as unemployment, consumption and consumer confidence, which could also affect nisource's financial results.
nisource's business operations are subject to economic conditions in certain industries.
business operations throughout nisource's service territories have been and may continue to be adversely affected by economic events at the national and local level where it operates. in particular, sales to large industrial customers may be impacted by economic downturns. the u.s. manufacturing industry continues to adjust to changing market conditions including international competition, increasing costs, and fluctuating demand for its products.
fluctuations in the price of energy commodities or their related transportation costs may have a negative impact on nisource's financial results.
nisource's electric generating fleet is dependent on coal and natural gas for fuel, and its gas distribution operations purchase and resell much of the natural gas they deliver. these energy commodities are vulnerable to price fluctuations and fluctuations in associated transportation costs. hedging activities have been deployed in order to offset fluctuations in commodity supply prices and nisource relies on regulatory recovery mechanisms in the various jurisdictions in order to fully recover the costs incurred in operations. however, while nisource has historically been successful in recovery of costs related to such commodity prices, there can be no assurance that such costs will be fully recovered through rates in a timely manner. additionally, increased gas and electricity costs could result in reduced demand from customers as a result of increased conservation activities.
nisource is exposed to risk that customers will not remit payment for delivered energy or services, and that suppliers or counterparties will not perform under various financial or operating agreements.
nisource's extension of credit is governed by a corporate credit risk policy, involves considerable judgment and is based on an evaluation of a customer or counterparty's financial condition, credit history and other factors. credit risk exposure is monitored by obtaining credit reports and updated financial information for customers and suppliers, and by evaluating the financial status of its banking partners and other counterparties through the use of market-based metrics such as credit default swap pricing levels,
12
item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
and also through traditional credit ratings provided by the major credit rating agencies. continued adverse economic conditions could increase credit risk and could result in a material adverse effect on nisource.
nisource has significant goodwill and definite-lived intangible assets. an impairment of goodwill or definite-lived intangible assets could result in a significant charge to earnings.
in accordance with gaap, nisource tests goodwill for impairment at least annually and reviews its definite-lived intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. goodwill also is tested for impairment when factors, examples of which include reduced cash flow estimates, a sustained decline in stock price or market capitalization below book value, indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. nisource would be required to record a charge in the financial statements during the period in which any impairment of the goodwill or definite-lived intangible assets is determined, negatively impacting the results of operations. a significant charge could impact the capitalization ratio covenant under certain financing agreements. nisource is subject to a financial covenant under its five-year revolving credit facility and its term loans, which requires nisource to maintain a debt to capitalization ratio that does not exceed 70%. a similar covenant in a 2005 private placement note purchase agreement requires nisource to maintain a debt to capitalization ratio that does not exceed 75%. as of december 31, 2014, the ratio was 62%.
changes in taxation and the ability to quantify such changes could adversely affect nisource's financial results.
nisource is subject to taxation by the various taxing authorities at the federal, state and local levels where it does business. legislation or regulation which could affect nisource's tax burden could be enacted by any of these governmental authorities. nisource cannot predict the timing or extent of such tax-related developments which could have a negative impact on the financial results. additionally, nisource uses its best judgment in attempting to quantify and reserve for these tax obligations. however, a challenge by a taxing authority, nisource's ability to utilize tax benefits such as carryforwards or tax credits, or a deviation from other tax-related assumptions may cause actual financial results to deviate from previous estimates.
changes in accounting principles may adversely affect nisource's financial results.
future changes in accounting rules and associated changes in regulatory accounting may negatively impact the way nisource records revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities. these changes in accounting standards may adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations.
transportation and storage of natural gas, as well as generation, transmission and distribution of electricity involve numerous risks that may result in accidents and other operating risks and costs.
nisource's gas distribution and gas transmission and storage activities, as well as generation, transmission, and distribution of electricity, involve a variety of inherent hazards and operating risks, such as gas leaks, downed power lines, accidents, including third-party damages, large scale outages, and mechanical problems, which could cause substantial financial losses. in addition, these risks could result in serious injury or loss of life to employees and the general public, significant damage to property, environmental pollution, impairment of its operations, adverse regulatory rulings and reputational harm, which in turn could lead to substantial losses to nisource. in accordance with customary industry practice, nisource maintains insurance against some, but not all, of these risks and losses. the location of pipelines and storage facilities, or generation, transmission, substations and distribution facilities near populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers and industrial sites, could increase the level of damages resulting from these risks. the occurrence of any of these events could adversely affect nisource's financial position and results of operations.
aging infrastructure may lead to increased costs and disruptions in operations that could negatively impact nisource's financial results.
nisource has risks associated with aging infrastructure assets. the age of these assets may result in a need for replacement, a higher level of maintenance costs and unscheduled outages despite diligent efforts by nisource to properly maintain these assets through inspection, scheduled maintenance and capital investment. the failure to operate these assets as desired could result in nisource's inability to meet firm service obligations, adversely impact revenues, and result in increased capital expenditures and expenses, which may not be fully recoverable from customers.
13
item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
climate change, natural disasters, acts of terrorism or other catastrophic events may disrupt operations and reduce the ability to service customers.
a disruption or failure of natural gas transmission, storage or distribution systems or within electric generation, transmission or distribution systems in the event of a major hurricane, tornado, terrorist attack or other catastrophic event could cause delays in completing sales, providing services, or performing other critical functions. nisource has experienced disruptions in the past from hurricanes and tornadoes and other events of this nature. the cost, availability and sufficiency of insurance for these risks could adversely affect nisource's results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
there is also a concern that climate change may exacerbate the risks to physical infrastructure associated with heat and extreme weather conditions. climate change and the costs that may be associated with its impacts have the potential to affect nisource's business in many ways, including increasing the cost nisource incurs in providing its products and services, impacting the demand for and consumption of its products and services (due to change in both costs and weather patterns), and affecting the economic health of the regions in which nisource operates.
a cyber-attack on any of nisource's or certain third-party computer systems upon which nisource relies may adversely affect its ability to operate.
nisource is reliant on technology to run its businesses, which are dependent upon financial and operational computer systems to process critical information necessary to conduct various elements of its business, including the generation, transmission and distribution of electricity, operation of its gas pipelines and storage facilities and the recording and reporting of commercial and financial transactions to regulators, investors and other stakeholders. any failure of nisource's computer systems, or those of its customers, suppliers or others with whom it does business, could materially disrupt nisource's ability to operate its business and could result in a financial loss and possibly do harm to nisource's reputation.
additionally, nisource's information systems experience ongoing, often sophisticated, cyber-attacks by a variety of sources with the apparent aim to breach nisource's cyber-defenses. although nisource attempts to maintain adequate defenses to these attacks and works through industry groups and trade associations to identify common threats and assess nisource's countermeasures, a security breach of nisource's information systems could (i) impact the reliability of nisource's generation, transmission, storage and distribution systems and potentially negatively impact nisource's compliance with certain mandatory reliability standards, (ii) subject nisource to harm associated with theft or inappropriate release of certain types of information such as system operating information or information, personal or otherwise, relating to nisource's customers or employees, or (iii) impact nisource's ability to manage nisource's businesses.
nisource's capital projects subject it to construction risks and natural gas costs and supply risks.
nisource's columbia pipeline group operations continues to complete and advance customer-driven expansion projects across its system and develop its midstream business through gathering and processing activities, primarily surrounding the marcellus and utica shale production area in the states of pennsylvania, ohio and west virginia. additionally, nisource is executing on its comprehensive interstate natural gas pipeline modernization program. these modernization projects include constructing or replacing pipelines and other facilities, which subjects nisource to construction risks and risks that gas supplies may not be available. some expansion projects may also be subject to risks related to fluctuation in construction and gas costs. both modernization and expansion projects are reliant on the contractual performance of vendors and suppliers of materials and supplies and services. nonperformance or underperformance could subject nisource to increased costs. further, nisource is subject to regulatory approval of various projects. delays in this process could increase costs of the projects.
nisource competes for these projects with companies of varying size and financial capabilities, including some that may have advantages competing for natural gas and liquid gas supplies, as well as acquisitions and other business opportunities. similarly, nisource gas distribution operations is engaged in an intrastate natural gas pipeline modernization program to maintain system integrity and enhance service reliability and flexibility. nipsco also is currently engaged in a number of capital projects, including air-quality related improvements to its electric generating stations, as well as the construction of new transmission facilities. as nisource undertakes these projects, it may not be able to complete them on schedule or at the anticipated costs. additionally, nisource may construct or purchase some of these projects to capture anticipated future growth in natural gas production, which may not materialize, and may cause the construction to occur over an extended period of time. nisource also may not receive material increases in revenue and cash flows until after the completion of the projects.
14
item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
sustained extreme weather conditions may negatively impact nisource's operations.
nisource conducts its operations across a wide geographic area subject to varied and potentially extreme weather conditions, which may from time to time persist for sustained periods of time. despite preventative maintenance efforts, persistent weather related stress on nisource's infrastructure may reveal weaknesses in its systems not previously known to the company or otherwise present various operational challenges across all business segments. although nisource makes every effort to plan for weather related contingencies, adverse weather may affect its ability to conduct operations in a manner that satisfies customer expectations or contractual obligations. the company endeavors to minimize such service disruptions, but may not be able to avoid them altogether.
growing competition in the gas transportation and storage industries could result in the failure by customers to renew existing contracts.
as a consequence of the increase in competition and the shift in natural gas production areas, customers such as ldcs and other end users, may be reluctant to enter into long-term service contracts. the renewal or replacement of existing contracts with nisource's customers at rates sufficient to maintain current or projected revenues and cash flows depends on a number of factors beyond its control, including competition from other pipelines, gatherers, the proximity of supplies to the markets, and the price of, and demand for, natural gas. the inability of nisource to renew, or replace its current contracts as they expire and respond appropriately to changing market conditions could materially impact its financial results and cash flows.
nisource is a holding company and is dependent on cash generated by subsidiaries to meet its debt obligations and pay dividends on its common stock.
nisource is a holding company and conducts its operations primarily through its subsidiaries. substantially all of nisource's consolidated assets are held by its subsidiaries. accordingly, nisource's ability to meet its debt obligations or pay dividends on its common stock is largely dependent upon cash generated by these subsidiaries. in the event a major subsidiary is not able to pay dividends or transfer cash flows to nisource, nisource's ability to service its debt obligations or pay dividends could be negatively affected.
following the proposed separation, all of the entities that make up nisource's columbia pipeline group operations will be separated from nisource into a separately publicly traded company. the related assets will no longer be held by subsidiaries of nisource, which may negatively affect nisource's ability to service its debt obligations or pay dividends.
the proposed separation may not be completed on the currently contemplated timeline or terms, or at all, and may not achieve the intended benefits.
the proposed separation is subject to conditions, including, without limitation, final nisource board of directors approval and the receipt by nisource of a legal opinion to the effect that the distribution of cpg shares to nisource stockholders will qualify as tax-free under section 355 of the u.s. internal revenue code. unanticipated developments or changes in market conditions may delay the proposed separation, and the proposed separation may not occur on the currently contemplated timeline or at all.
nisource cannot predict with certainty when the benefits expected from the proposed separation will occur or the extent to which they will be achieved, if at all. furthermore, there are various uncertainties and risks relating to the process of the proposed separation that could have a negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, including disruption of our operations and impairment of our relationship with regulators, key personnel, customers and vendors.
if the proposed separation is successfully completed, nisource will face new and unique risks, including having fewer assets, reduced financial resources and less diversification of revenue sources, which may adversely impact nisource's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in addition, the changes in our operational and financial profile may not meet some or all of our stockholders' investment strategies, which could cause investors to sell their nisource shares and otherwise decrease demand for shares of nisource common stock. excess selling will cause the relative market price of nisource common stock to decrease, and the market price of nisource common stock may be subject to greater volatility following the completion of the proposed separation.
a condition to the proposed separation is the receipt by nisource of a legal opinion to the effect that the distribution of cpg shares to nisource stockholders will qualify as tax-free under section 355 of the u.s. internal revenue code. however, even if we receive such an opinion, the internal revenue service could determine on audit that the distribution is taxable. both nisource and our stockholders could incur significant u.s. federal income tax liabilities if taxing authorities conclude the distribution is taxable.
15
item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
following the proposed separation, both nisource and cpg expect to initially receive an investment grade credit rating from standard & poor's rating service, moody's investor service and fitch ratings inc. (ratings from credit agencies are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold our securities, and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.) we may not initially receive such ratings or, if received, our credit ratings could be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in its judgment, the circumstances warrant. there is no assurance that we will continue to maintain such investment grade credit ratings in the future. if a rating agency were to downgrade our rating below investment grade, our borrowing costs would increase and our funding sources could decrease. in addition, a failure by us to maintain an investment grade rating could affect our business relationships with suppliers and operating partners. see "a drop in nisource's credit rating could adversely impact nisource's liquidity" above.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations nisource inc.
index                                          page consolidated review                              23
executive summary                                23
results of operations                            28
liquidity and capital resources                  30
off balance sheet items                          35
market risk disclosures                          36
other information                                37
results and discussion of segment operations     39
gas distribution operations                      40
columbia pipeline group operations               44
electric operations                              50
note regarding forward-looking statements the management's discussion and analysis, including statements regarding market risk sensitive instruments, contains "forward-looking statements," within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended. investors and prospective investors should understand that many factors govern whether any forward-looking statement contained herein will be or can be realized. any one of those factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. these forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning nisource's plans, objectives, expected performance, expenditures, recovery of expenditures through rates, stated on either a consolidated or segment basis, the proposed separation, the columbia pipeline partners lp initial public offering and any and all underlying assumptions and other statements that are other than statements of historical fact. from time to time, nisource may publish or otherwise make available forward-looking statements of this nature. all such subsequent forward-looking statements, whether written or oral and whether made by or on behalf of nisource, are also expressly qualified by these cautionary statements. all forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that management believes to be reasonable; however, there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially.
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the projections, forecasts, estimates and expectations discussed in this annual report on form 10-k include, among other things, weather, fluctuations in supply and demand for energy commodities, growth opportunities for nisource's businesses, increased competition in deregulated energy markets, the success of regulatory and commercial initiatives, dealings with third parties over whom nisource has no control, actual operating experience of nisource's assets, the regulatory process, regulatory and legislative changes, the impact of potential new environmental laws or regulations, the results of material litigation, changes in pension funding requirements, changes in general economic, capital and commodity market conditions, counterparty credit risk, the timing to consummate the proposed separation; the risk that a condition to the proposed separation is not satisfied; disruption to operations as a result of the proposed separation, the inability of one or more of the businesses to operate independently following the completion of the proposed separation and the matters set forth in item 1a, "risk factors" of this report, many of which risks are beyond the control of nisource. in addition, the relative contributions to profitability by each segment, and the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements relating thereto, may change over time.
consolidated review planned separation of columbia pipeline group and initial public offering of columbia pipeline partners lp on september 28, 2014, nisource announced that its board of directors had approved in principle plans to separate its natural gas pipeline and related businesses into a stand-alone publicly traded company (the "proposed separation"). if completed, the proposed separation will result in two energy infrastructure companies: nisource inc., a fully regulated natural gas and electric utilities company, and columbia pipeline group inc., a natural gas pipeline, midstream and storage company ("cpg"). the proposed separation is expected to occur in mid-2015.
23
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations nisource inc.
under the plan for the proposed separation, nisource stockholders would retain their current shares of nisource stock and receive a pro rata distribution of shares of cpg stock in a transaction that is expected to be tax-free to nisource and its stockholders for u.s. federal income tax purposes.
the proposed separation is subject to various conditions, including, without limitation, the receipt by nisource of a legal opinion on the tax-free nature of the distribution and final approval of the nisource board of directors. nisource shareholder approval of the transaction is not required. there is no assurance that the transaction will be completed in mid-2015 or at all.
the proposed separation announcement triggered ratings reviews by standard & poor's, moody's, and fitch. on september 29, 2014, standard & poor's affirmed the senior unsecured ratings for nisource and the existing ratings of its other rated subsidiaries at bbb- and the nisource finance commercial paper rating of a-3, placing the company's ratings on watch positive. on september 29, 2014, moody's investors service affirmed the nisource senior unsecured rating of baa2 and commercial paper rating of p-2, with a stable outlook. additionally, moody's affirmed nipsco's baa1 rating and affirmed the baa2 rating for columbia of massachusetts. on september 29, 2014, fitch affirmed the senior unsecured ratings for nisource at bbb-, and the existing ratings of its other rated subsidiaries. fitch's outlook for nisource and its subsidiaries is stable. although all ratings continue to be investment grade, a downgrade by either standard & poor's or fitch would result in a rating that is below investment grade.
in addition, prior to the proposed separation, cpg expects to issue its own long-term notes and use the proceeds from that offering to repay intercompany debt and pay a special dividend to nisource who plans to reduce its net debt prior to the proposed separation.
on february 11, 2015, cppl (the "partnership") completed its ipo of 53.8 million common units representing limited partnership interests, constituting 53.5% of the partnership's outstanding limited partnership interests. the partnership received $1,170.0 million of net proceeds for the ipo. nisource, through cpg, owns the general partner of the partnership, all of the partnership's subordinated units and the incentive distribution rights. the assets of the partnership consist of a 15.7 percent limited partner interest in columbia opco, which consists of substantially all of the columbia pipeline group operations segment. the operations of the partnership will be consolidated in nisource's results as long as the partnership remains a subsidiary. if the proposed separation occurs, cpg would no longer be a subsidiary of nisource and, thus, nisource would cease to own (a) any interest in columbia opco, (b) the general partner of the partnership, (c) any of the limited partner interests in the partnership or (d) any of the incentive distribution rights in the partnership.
executive summary nisource is an energy holding company whose subsidiaries are engaged in the transmission, storage and distribution of natural gas in the high-demand energy corridor stretching from the gulf coast through the midwest to new england and the generation, transmission and distribution of electricity in indiana. nisource generates most of its operating income through these rate-regulated businesses. a significant portion of nisource's operations is subject to seasonal fluctuations in sales. during the heating season, which is primarily from november through march, net revenues from gas sales are more significant, and during the cooling season, which is primarily from june through september, net revenues from electric sales and transportation services are more significant than in other months.
for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014, nisource reported income from continuing operations of $530.7 million, or $1.68 per basic share, compared to $490.9 million, or $1.57 per basic share for the same period in 2013.
increases in income from continuing operations were due primarily to the following items:
•   regulatory and service programs at gas distribution operations increased net revenues by $93.4 million primarily due to the impacts of the rate settlement in 2013 at columbia of pennsylvania, the rate case at columbia of massachusetts, as well as the implementation of rates under columbia of ohio's approved infrastructure replacement program. refer to note 7, "regulatory matters," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
•   net revenues at columbia pipeline group operations increased by $54.7 million due to increased demand margin revenue primarily as a result of growth projects placed in service and new firm contracts. refer to the columbia pipeline group operations' segment discussion for further information on growth projects.
24
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations nisource inc.
•   the company recognized higher gains of $27.2 million from the conveyance of mineral interests at columbia pipeline group operations. as of december 31, 2014, remaining gains of approximately $19.6 million recorded in "deferred revenue" on the consolidated balance sheets will be recognized in earnings upon performance of future obligations.
•   additional conveyances and increased third-party drilling activity resulted in an increase in mineral rights royalty revenue at columbia pipeline group operations of $22.6 million. the company expects to invest approximately $20 million a year in its mineral rights positions.
•   net revenues increased by $21.9 million as a result of higher industrial usage at electric operations primarily due to large industrial customers expanding plant operations and using less internal generation. refer to the electric operations' segment discussion for further information.
increases in income from continuing operations were partially offset by the following items:
•   employee and administrative expense increased by $64.6 million due primarily to greater labor expense due to a growing workforce, timing of outages and maintenance and it support and enhancement projects.
•   outside service costs increased by $49.7 million primarily due to costs associated with the proposed separation and gas distribution operations' pipeline safety initiatives.
•   depreciation and amortization increased $28.2 million primarily as a result of higher capital expenditures related to projects placed in service. nisource's capital expenditures were approximately $2.2 billion in 2014 and are projected to be approximately $2.4 billion in 2015.
these factors and other impacts to the financial results are discussed in more detail within the following discussions of "results of operations" and "results and discussion of segment operations."
platform for growth nisource's business plan will continue to center on commercial and regulatory initiatives, commercial growth and expansion of the gas transmission and storage business, and financial management of the balance sheet.
commercial and regulatory initiatives rate development and other regulatory matters. nisource is moving forward with regulatory initiatives across several gas distribution company markets. whether through full rate case filings or other approaches, nisource's goal is to develop strategies that benefit all stakeholders as it addresses changing customer conservation patterns, develops more contemporary pricing structures, and embarks on long-term investment programs to enhance its infrastructure.
nipsco has approval from the iurc to recover certain environmental related costs through an ect. on october 29, 2014, the iurc issued an order on ecr-24 approving nipsco's request to begin earning a return on $658.4 million of net capital expenditures for the period ended june 30, 2014. on january 30, 2015, nipsco filed ecr-25 which included $734.0 million of net capital expenditures for the period ended december 31, 2014.
nipsco has approval from the iurc to recover certain electric costs for transmission and distribution system improvements. on february 17, 2014, the iurc issued an order approving nipsco's electric seven-year plan of eligible investments totaling approximately $1.1 billion. on november 25, 2014, the iurc approved, on an interim basis and subject to refund pending the outcome of appeals, nipsco's requested tdsic factors associated with the eligible investments, which included $19.4 million of net capital expenditures for the period ended june 30, 2014.
nipsco has approval from the iurc to recover certain gas costs for transmission, distribution and storage system improvements. on january 28, 2015, the iurc issued an order approving nipsco's gas tdsic-1 and a revised gas tdsic seven-year plan of eligible investments for a total of approximately $840 million with the iurc. the order also approved $4.4 million of net capital expenditures for the period ended june 30, 2014 and granted ratemaking relief and accounting treatment.
on april 30, 2014, columbia of virginia filed a base rate case with the vscc seeking an annual revenue increase of $31.8 million, which includes $6.9 million in annual revenues currently collected as a separate infrastructure replacement rider on customers'
25
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations nisource inc.
bills under the virginia save act. on december 10, 2014, columbia of virginia presented at hearing a stipulation and proposed recommendation ("stipulation") executed by certain parties to the rate proceeding, including the staff of the vscc and the division of consumer counsel of the office of the attorney general of the commonwealth of virginia. the stipulation includes a base revenue increase of $25.2 million, recovery of costs related to the implementation of pipeline safety programs, and the proposed change to thermal billing. on january 13, 2015 the hearing examiner issued a report that recommended that the vscc approve the stipulation.
on november 25, 2014, columbia of ohio filed a notice of intent to file an application to adjust rates associated with its irp and dsm riders. the notice of intent states that columbia of ohio will file its application by february 28, 2015, in which it will request authority to increase revenues by approximately $31.8 million.
on march 21, 2014, columbia of pennsylvania filed a base rate case with the pennsylvania puc, seeking a revenue increase of approximately $54.1 million annually. the case was driven by columbia of pennsylvania's capital investment program which exceeds $180 million in both 2014 and 2015 as well as new pipeline safety-related operation and maintenance expenditures. columbia of pennsylvania's request for rate relief included the recovery of costs that were projected to be incurred after the implementation of new rates, as authorized by the pennsylvania general assembly with the passage of act 11 of 2012. on september 5, 2014, the parties to the rate case filed a joint petition, seeking approval of a full settlement, including an increase to annual base revenues of $32.5 million. on november 12, 2014, the pennsylvania puc approved the settlement and new rates went into effect on december 20, 2014.
on september 16, 2013, columbia of massachusetts filed its peak period gaf for the period november 1, 2013 through april 30, 2014, and its peak period 2012-2013 gaf reconciliation. on january 17, 2014, columbia of massachusetts filed a revision to the gaf effective february 1, 2014, and on february 18, 2014, columbia of massachusetts filed its second revision to the gaf effective march 1, 2014, to eliminate columbia of massachusetts's projected peak period under-collection of $50.0 million. on february 28, 2014, the massachusetts dpu approved a revised gaf subject to further review and reconciliation to recover approximately $25 million of the anticipated under-collection and defer recovery of the remaining $25 million to november 2014 through april 2015, and thus, this deferred amount has been incorporated into the gaf as approved, subject to further review and reconciliation by the massachusetts dpu, for the 2014-2015 peak period.
on november 25, 2013, columbia of ohio filed a notice of intent to file an application to adjust rates associated with its irp and dsm riders. columbia of ohio filed its application on february 28, 2014, requesting authority to increase revenues by approximately $25.5 million. the parties settled all issues, and on april 7, 2014 filed a stipulation providing for a revenue increase of approximately $25.5 million. on april 23, 2014, columbia of ohio received approval of its annual infrastructure replacement and demand-side management rider request from the puco. new rates became effective april 30, 2014.
on april 16, 2013, columbia of massachusetts submitted a filing with the massachusetts dpu requesting an annual revenue requirement increase of $30.1 million. pursuant to the procedural schedule for this case, on september 3, 2013, columbia of massachusetts filed its updated revenue requirement of $29.5 million and on october 16, 2013, filed an updated cost of service for $30 million. a final revenue requirement update of $29.9 million was filed on december 16, 2013. on february 28, 2014, the massachusetts dpu issued an order granting an annual revenue requirement increase of $19.3 million effective march 1, 2014, and the compliance filing associated with the order has been approved.
on january 29, 2015, columbia transmission received ferc approval of its december 2014 filing to recover costs associated with the second year of its comprehensive system modernization program. total program adjusted spend to date is $618.1 million. the program includes replacement of bare steel and wrought iron pipeline and compressor facilities, enhancements to system inspection capabilities and improvements in control systems.
refer to note 7, "regulatory matters," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for a complete discussion of regulatory matters.
commercial growth and expansion of the gas transmission and storage business during 2014, columbia pipeline group operations placed into service strategic growth projects, primarily serving the utica and marcellus shale production area. below is a discussion of these projects as well as projects that are currently ongoing.
26
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations nisource inc.
warren county project. the columbia pipeline group operations segment recently completed construction of approximately 2.5 miles of new 24-inch pipeline and modifications to existing compressor stations for a total capital cost of approximately $37 million. this project has expanded the system in order to provide up to nearly 250,000 dth/d of transportation capacity under a long-term, firm contract. the project commenced commercial operations in april 2014.
west side expansion (columbia transmission-smithfield iii). this project is designed to provide a market outlet for increasing marcellus supply originating from the waynesburg, pennsylvania and smithfield, pennsylvania areas on the columbia transmission system. the columbia pipeline group operations segment invested approximately $87 million in new pipeline and compression, which will provide up to 444,000 dth/d of incremental, firm transport capacity and is supported by long-term, firm contracts. the project was placed in service during the fourth quarter of 2014.
west side expansion (columbia gulf-bi-directional). under this project the columbia pipeline group operations segment invested approximately $113 million in system modifications and horsepower to provide a firm backhaul transportation path from the leach, kentucky interconnect with columbia transmission to gulf coast markets on the columbia gulf system. this investment will increase capacity up to 540,000 dth/d to transport marcellus production originating in west virginia. the project is supported by long-term firm contracts and was placed in service in the fourth quarter of 2014. the alexandria compression portion of columbia gulf's west side expansion (approximately $75 million in capital costs) will be placed in service in the third quarter of 2015.
giles county project. the columbia pipeline group operations segment invested approximately $25 million for the construction of approximately 12.9 miles of 8-inch pipeline, which will provide 46,000 dth/d of firm service to a third party located off its line ka system and into columbia of virginia's system. the columbia pipeline group operations has secured a long-term firm contract for the full delivery volume and the project was placed in service in the fourth quarter of 2014.
line 1570 expansion. the columbia pipeline group operations segment replaced approximately 19 miles of existing 20-inch pipeline with a 24-inch pipeline and added compression at an approximate cost of $18 million. the project, which was placed in service during the fourth quarter of 2014, creates nearly 99,000 dth/d of capacity and is supported by long-term, firm contracts.
in addition to the growth projects discussed above, columbia midstream continued to capitalize on nisource's strategic position in the marcellus and utica shale production regions. pennant invested in the construction of 20-24 inch wet gas gathering pipeline facilities with a capacity of approximately 500 mmcf/d. in addition, pennant installed a gas processing facility in new middletown, ohio that has an initial capacity of 200 mmcf/d and an ngl pipeline with an initial capacity of 45,000 barrels per day that can be expanded to 90,000 barrels per day. consistent with the terms of the joint venture, columbia midstream is operating the gas processing facility, ngl pipeline and associated wet gas gathering system. the joint venture is designed and anticipated to serve other producers with significant acreage development in the area with an interest in obtaining capacity on the system. the facilities allow pennant to be a full-service solution for providers in the northern utica shale region, offering access to wet gas gathering and processing as well as residue gas and ngl takeaway to attractive market destinations. columbia midstream's initial investment in this area, including the gathering pipeline, related laterals, ngl pipeline and the processing plant, is approximately $195 million. portions of the facilities were placed in service in the fourth quarter of 2013 and the second quarter of 2014, with the remainder placed in service in october 2014.
financial management of the balance sheet nisource remains committed to maintaining its liquidity position through management of capital spending, working capital and operational requirements, and its financing needs. nisource has executed on its plan by taking the following actions:
•   on august 20, 2014, nisource finance negotiated a $750,000,000.0 million three-year bank term loan with a syndicate of banks which carries a floating interest rate of bba libor plus 100 basis points.
•   on july 15, 2014, nisource finance redeemed $500,000,000.0 million of 5.40% senior unsecured notes at maturity. contemporaneous with this redemption, $500,000,000.0 million of associated fixed-to-floating interest rate swaps expired.
credit ratings. on september 29, 2014, standard & poor's affirmed the senior unsecured ratings for nisource and the existing ratings of its other rated subsidiaries at bbb- and the nisource finance commercial paper rating of a-3, placing the company's ratings on watch positive. on september 29, 2014, moody's affirmed the nisource senior unsecured rating of baa2 and commercial paper rating of p-2, with a stable outlook. additionally, moody's affirmed nipsco's baa1 rating and affirmed the baa2 rating
27
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations nisource inc.
for columbia of massachusetts. on september 29, 2014, fitch affirmed the senior unsecured ratings for nisource at bbb-, and the existing ratings of its other rated subsidiaries. fitch's outlook for nisource and its subsidiaries is stable. although all ratings continue to be investment grade, a downgrade by either standard & poor's or fitch would result in a rating that is below investment grade.
ethics and controls nisource has had a long term commitment to providing accurate and complete financial reporting as well as high standards for ethical behavior by its employees. nisource's senior management takes an active role in the development of this form 10-k and the monitoring of the company's internal control structure and performance. in addition, nisource will continue its mandatory ethics training program in which employees at every level throughout the organization participate.
refer to "management's report on internal control over financial reporting" included in item 9a.
results of operations income from continuing operations and net income for the year ended december 31, 2014, nisource reported income from continuing operations of $530.7 million, or $1.68 per basic share, compared to $490.9 million, or $1.57 per basic share in 2013. income from continuing operations for the year ended december 31, 2012 was $408.8 million, or $1.40 per basic share.
including results from discontinued operations, nisource reported 2014 net income of $530.0 million, or $1.68 per basic share, 2013 net income of $532.1 million, or $1.70 per basic share, and 2012 net income of $416.1 million, or $1.43 per basic share.
comparability of line item operating results was impacted by regulatory and tax trackers that allow for the recovery in rates of certain costs such as bad debt expenses. therefore, increases in these tracked operating expenses were offset by increases in net revenues and had essentially no impact on income from continuing operations. an increase in operating expenses of $137.3 million and $118.7 million for the years ended 2014 and 2013, respectively, were offset by a corresponding increase to net revenues reflecting these tracked costs.
net revenues nisource analyzes the operating results using net revenues. net revenues are calculated as revenues less the associated cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization). nisource believes net revenues is a better measure to analyze profitability than gross operating revenues since the majority of the cost of sales are tracked costs that are passed through directly to the customer resulting in an equal and offsetting amount reflected in gross operating revenues.
total consolidated net revenues for the year ended december 31, 2014, were $4,246.4 million, a $404.6 million increase compared with 2013. net revenues increased primarily due to increased gas distribution operations' net revenues of $197.1 million, higher columbia pipeline group operations' net revenues of $167.5 million and increased electric operations' net revenues of $41.3 million.
•   gas distribution operations' net revenues increased primarily due to an increase of $93.4 million for regulatory and service programs, including the impacts of the rate settlement in 2013 at columbia of pennsylvania, the rate case at columbia of massachusetts, as well as the implementation of rates under columbia of ohio's approved infrastructure replacement program. furthermore, there was an increase in regulatory and tax trackers, which are offset in expense, of $49.2 million and the effects of colder weather of $18.4 million. additionally, there was higher commercial, residential and industrial usage of $14.6 million, an increase in large customer revenue of $6.5 million, higher revenue of $5.9 million due to increased customer count and an increase in off-system sales of $5.6 million. also, there were higher net revenues from the recovery of storage inventory costs of $3.8 million and a settlement of $3.2 million at columbia of massachusetts in 2013. these increases were partially offset by a decrease of $5.6 million resulting from nipsco's gcim.
•   columbia pipeline group operations' net revenues increased primarily due to higher regulatory trackers, which are offset in expense, of $88.4 million and increased demand margin revenue of $54.7 million primarily as a result of growth projects placed in service and new firm contracts. additionally, there was an increase in net revenues as a result of higher mineral rights royalty revenue of $22.6 million due to additional conveyances and increased third-party drilling activity.
•   electric operations' net revenues increased primarily due to higher industrial usage of $21.9 million and an increase in the return on the environmental capital investment recovery of $19.8 million due to an increased plant balance eligible
28
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations nisource inc.
for recovery. additionally, there were increased net revenues of $5.9 million as a result of two electric transmission projects authorized by the miso and higher off-system sales of $4.7 million. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in transmission upgrade revenue of $6.5 million included in net revenue in the prior year and the effects of weather of $5.3 million.
total consolidated net revenues for the twelve months ended december 31, 2013 were $3,841.8 million, a $327.8 million increase compared with 2012. net revenues increased primarily due to increased columbia pipeline group operations' net revenues of $179.0 million, higher gas distribution operations' net revenues of $140.3 million and increased electric operations' net revenues of $8.6 million.
•   columbia pipeline group operations' net revenues increased primarily due to higher regulatory trackers, which are offset in expense, of $119.5 million, the current period impacts of the 2012 customer settlement at columbia transmission, which resulted in an increase in net revenues of $50.3 million, higher demand margin and commodity revenue of $11.9 million from new growth projects placed into service and increased mineral rights royalty revenue and condensate revenue of $7.0 million. these increases were partially offset by lower shorter term transportation services of $7.6 million.
•   gas distribution operations' net revenues increased primarily due to an increase of $53.8 million for regulatory and service programs, including the impact from the rate cases at columbia of pennsylvania and columbia of massachusetts and the implementation of rates under columbia of ohio's approved infrastructure replacement program, the effects of colder weather of $47.6 million, increased trackers, which are offset in expense, of $18.7 million, an increase in residential, commercial and industrial usage of $10.8 million, and higher revenue of $5.3 million due to an increase in residential and commercial customers.
•   electric operations' net revenues increased primarily due to an increase in the return on environmental capital investment recovery of $28.9 million due to an increased plant balance eligible for recovery, higher industrial, commercial and residential margins of $17.5 million, transmission upgrade revenue of $6.2 million, increased off-system sales of $4.9 million, higher revenue of $2.2 million due to an increase in commercial and residential customers and an increase in a rto recovery mechanism of $2.1 million, which is offset in expense. these increases were partially offset by lower environmental cost trackers, which are offset in expense, of $19.5 million, decreased revenue related to emission allowances of $11.9 million, the effects of colder weather of $10.0 million, a decrease of $6.6 million related to the final reconciliation of the revenue credit recorded in 2012 and higher fuel handling costs of $4.3 million.
expenses operating expenses were $3,030.6 million in 2014, an increase of $296.3 million from the comparable 2013 period. this increase was primarily due to an increase in operation and maintenance expenses of $262.4 million, higher depreciation and amortization of $28.2 million and increased other taxes of $19.7 million, partially offset by an increase in the gain on sale of assets of $14.0 million. the increase in operation and maintenance is due primarily to increased regulatory trackers, which are offset in net revenues, of $128.7 million, higher employee and administrative costs of $64.6 million due primarily to greater labor expense due to a growing workforce, timing of outages and maintenance and it support and enhancement projects, increased outside services of $49.7 million primarily due to costs associated with the proposed separation and gas distribution operations' pipeline safety initiatives, higher electric generation costs of $15.2 million as a result of maintenance related outages, increased materials and supplies of $7.5 million, higher uncollectibles of $6.6 million and an insurance reserve adjustment of $3.4 million. these increases were partially offset by lower software data conversion costs of $8.9 million and a decrease in environmental costs of $6.4 million. the increase in depreciation and amortization is primarily due to increased capital expenditures related to projects placed in service. the increase in gain on the sale of assets is primarily resulting from the increased gains on conveyance of mineral interests of $27.2 million, offset by the gain on the sale of storage base gas in 2013 of $11.1 million.
operating expenses were $2,734.3 million in 2013, an increase of $228.2 million from the comparable 2012 period. this increase was primarily due to an increase in operation and maintenance expenses of $213.6 million, higher depreciation and amortization of $15.4 million and increased other taxes of $12.9 million, partially offset by an increase in the gain on sale of assets of $13.7 million. the increase in operation and maintenance is due primarily to increased regulatory trackers, which are offset in net revenues, of $130.0 million, higher employee and administrative costs of $60.5 million due primarily to greater labor expense due to a growing workforce, timing of outages and maintenance and it support and enhancement projects, increased outside services of $10.2 million, software data conversion costs of $8.9 million and a mark-to-market adjustment of corporate owned life insurance assets primarily in the prior year of $5.7 million. these increases were partially offset by lower electric generation costs of $13.1 million as a result of the timing of planned and unplanned outages. the increase in depreciation and amortization is primarily due
29
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations nisource inc.
to increased capital expenditures related to projects placed in service. the increase in gain on the sale of assets is primarily from the sale of storage base gas of $11.1 million and conveyances of mineral rights of $7.3 million, both at columbia pipeline group operations.
equity earnings in unconsolidated affiliates equity earnings in unconsolidated affiliates were $46.6 million in 2014, an increase of $10.7 million compared with 2013. equity earnings in unconsolidated affiliates includes investments in millennium, pennant, and hardy storage which are integral to the columbia pipeline group operations business. equity earnings increased primarily from increased earnings at millennium attributable to growth projects placed in service.
equity earnings in unconsolidated affiliates were $35.9 million in 2013, an increase of $3.7 million compared with 2012. equity earnings in unconsolidated affiliates includes investments in millennium, pennant, and hardy storage which are integral to the columbia pipeline group operations business. equity earnings increased primarily from increased earnings at millennium.
other income (deductions)
other income (deductions) in 2014 reduced income $421.3 million compared to a reduction of $390.6 million in 2013. the increase in deductions is primarily due to an increase in interest expense of $28.8 million in 2014 compared to 2013. this increase is primarily attributable to the issuance of $500.0 million of long-term debt in october 2013, $750.0 million of long-term debt in april 2013 and the expiration of $500.0 million of fixed-to-variable interest rate swaps in july 2014. these increases were partially offset by the maturity of $500.0 million of long-term debt in july 2014.
other income (deductions) in 2013 reduced income $390.6 million compared to a reduction of $416.6 million in 2012. the decrease in deductions is primarily due to an increase in other, net of $22.5 million in 2013 compared to 2012. this increase is primarily attributable to a gain from insurance proceeds and afudc earnings. interest expense of $414.8 million was recorded in 2013, a decrease of $3.5 million compared to the prior year. the decrease resulted from the maturity of $420.3 million of long-term debt in march 2013 and $315.0 million of long-term debt in november 2012, increased afudc rates and lower average short-term borrowings partially offset by higher interest expense from the issuance of $500.0 million of long-term debt in october 2013, $750.0 million of long-term debt in april 2013 and $750.0 million of long-term debt in june 2012.
income taxes the effective income tax rates were 36.9%, 34.8% and 34.4% in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the 2.1% increase in the overall effective tax rate in 2014 versus 2013 was primarily the result of a $7.1 million increase due to indiana state taxes, $5.5 million pennsylvania regulatory changes, and $4.1 million additional deferred state income tax related to corporate restructuring. the change in the overall effective tax rate in 2013 versus 2012 was minimal. refer to note 9, "income taxes," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further discussion of income taxes.
discontinued operations discontinued operations reflected net loss of $0.7 million in 2014 compared to net income of $6.3 million in 2013 and net income of $7.3 million in 2012. the decrease in net income in 2014 compared to 2013 is primarily due to a prior year settlement at nisource's former exploration and production subsidiary, cer. a gain on the disposition of discontinued operations of $34.9 million was recorded in 2013 as a result of a gain on the sale of the service plan and leasing business lines of nisource's retail services business partially offset by a loss on the sale of nisource's unregulated marketing business.
liquidity and capital resources a significant portion of nisource's operations, most notably in the gas distribution, gas transportation and electric businesses, are subject to seasonal fluctuations in cash flow. during the heating season, which is primarily from november through march, cash receipts from gas sales and transportation services typically exceed cash requirements. during the summer months, cash on hand, together with the seasonal increase in cash flows from the electric business during the summer cooling season and external short-term and long-term financing, is used to purchase gas to place in storage for heating season deliveries and perform necessary maintenance of facilities. nisource believes that through income generated from operating activities, amounts available under its short-term revolver, commercial paper program, long-term debt agreements and nisource's ability to access the capital markets there is adequate capital available to fund its operating activities and capital expenditures in 2015.
30
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations nisource inc.
operating activities net cash from operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2014 was $1,319.6 million, a decrease of $117.2 million from a year ago. the decrease in net cash from operating activities was primarily attributable to an income tax refund received in 2013.
net cash from operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2013 was $1,436.8 million, an increase of $161.3 million from the prior year. the increase in net cash from operating activities was primarily due to an increase in working capital from income tax receivables of $255.9 million primarily due to a refund from the irs received in 2013.
pension and other postretirement plan funding. in 2014, nisource contributed $55.9 million to its pension plans and $35.1 million to its postretirement medical and life plans. in 2015, nisource expects to make contributions of approximately $3.5 million to its pension plans and approximately $34.8 million to its postretirement medical and life plans. at december 31, 2014, nisource's pension and other post-retirement benefit plans were underfunded by $421.1 million and $251.0 million, respectively.
investing activities the tables below reflect actual capital expenditures and certain other investing activities by segment for 2012, 2013 and 2014, and estimates for 2015.
(in millions)                              2015e              2014              2013              2012
gas distribution operations               $891.9            $860.3            $790.8            $649.4
columbia pipeline group operations       1,058.7             843.9             797.5             489.6
electric operations                        391.3             438.8             426.3             422.8
corporate and other operations              62.9              40.5              31.4              23.3
total(1)                                $2,404.8          $2,183.5          $2,046.0          $1,585.1
(1) amounts differ from those presented on the statements of consolidated cash flows primarily due to the inclusion of capital expenditures included in current liabilities, contributions to equity method investees, and afudc equity.
for 2015, the projected capital program and certain other investing activities are expected to be $2,404.8 million, which is $221.3 million higher than the 2014 capital program. this increased spending is mainly due to increased spending in the columbia pipeline group operations segment due to an increase in system growth and equity investments as a result of the current profile of identified growth projects in 2015 partially offset by a decrease in the modernization and maintenance spend attributed to advanced spend for the modernization program in 2014.
for 2014, the capital expenditures and certain other investing activities were $2,183.5 million, which is $137.5 million higher than the 2013 capital program. this increased spending is mainly due to continued spending on infrastructure replacement programs in the gas distribution operations segment and increased spending in the columbia pipeline group operations segment due to system growth and equity investments in the marcellus and utica shale areas.
for 2013, capital expenditures and certain other investing activities were $2,046.0 million, an increase of $460.9 million compared to 2012. this increased spending is mainly due to higher expenditures for the modernization program and system growth and equity investments in the marcellus and utica shale areas in the columbia pipeline group operations segment and increased spending in the gas distribution operations segment due to increased spending on infrastructure replacement programs. capital spending in the electric operations segment in 2013 was comparable to 2012 due to continued spending on the environmental tracker capital projects in the generation fleet.
restricted cash was $24.9 million and $8.0 million as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the increase in restricted cash was primarily a result of higher margin requirements due to open derivative contracts.
nisource received insurance proceeds for capital repairs of $11.3 million, $6.4 million and $6.5 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
contributions to equity investees were $69.2 million, $125.4 million, and $20.4 million for 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the $56.2 million decrease in 2014 was primarily the result of lower contributions made by columbia midstream to pennant. the increase in 2013 was the result of higher contributions by columbia midstream to pennant. refer to the columbia pipeline group operations segment discussion in the management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for information on these contributions.
31
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations nisource inc.
financing activities long-term debt. refer to note 14, "long-term debt," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for information on long-term debt.
credit facilities. nisource finance currently maintains a $2.0 billion revolving credit facility with a syndicate of banks led by barclays capital with a termination date of september 28, 2018. the purpose of the facility is to fund ongoing working capital requirements including the provision of liquidity support for nisource's $1.5 billion commercial paper program, provide for issuance of letters of credit, and also for general corporate purposes. in december 2014, with an effective date pending the proposed separation of nisource and cpg, nisource finance revised the $2.0 billion revolver to $1.5 billion and extend the termination date to the fifth anniversary of the effective date. contemporaneous with the revision to nisource finance's revolving credit facility, revolving credit facilities were established for cpg and cppl in the amount of $1.5 billion and $500 million, respectively. as of december 31, 2014 nisource has deferred $8.7 million of debt issuance costs related to the credit facility revision.
the $1.5 billion cpg credit facility will be effective with the proposed separation.
cppl's $500 million revolving credit facility, of which $50 million will be available for issuance of letters of credit, became effective upon the closing of the ipo. the purpose of the facility is to provide cash for general partnership purposes, including working capital, capital expenditures and the funding of capital calls. additionally, $50 million will be available for issuance of letters of credit.
nisource finance's commercial paper program has a program limit of up to $1.5 billion with a dealer group comprised of barclays, citigroup, credit suisse, rbs and wells fargo. commercial paper issuances are supported by available capacity under nisource's $2.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, which expires in september 2018. the aforementioned pending revolver amendment for nisource finance and pending revolver for cpg are expected to support commercial paper borrowings of $1.5 billion each. cppl is not expected to issue commercial paper.
nisource finance had $500.0 million borrowings outstanding under its revolving credit facility at december 31, 2014 at a weighted average interest rate of 1.44% and no borrowings at december 31, 2013. in addition, nisource finance had $792.6 million in commercial paper outstanding at december 31, 2014, at a weighted average interest rate of 0.82% and $433.6 million in commercial paper outstanding at december 31, 2013, at a weighted average interest rate of 0.70%.
as of december 31, 2014 and december 31, 2013, nisource had $284.3 million and $265.1 million, respectively, of short-term borrowings recorded on the consolidated balance sheets relating to its accounts receivable securitization facilities. see note 17, "transfers of financial assets" in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
as of december 31, 2014, nisource had $30.9 million of stand-by letters of credit outstanding of which $14.7 million were under the revolving credit facility. at december 31, 2013, nisource had $31.6 million of stand-by letters of credit outstanding of which $14.3 million were under the revolving credit facility.
as of december 31, 2014, an aggregate of $692.7 million of credit was available under the credit facility.
debt covenants. nisource is subject to a financial covenant under its revolving credit facility and its three-year term loans, which require nisource to maintain a debt to capitalization ratio that does not exceed 70%. a similar covenant in a 2005 private placement note purchase agreement requires nisource to maintain a debt to capitalization ratio that does not exceed 75%. as of december 31, 2014, the ratio was 62%.
nisource is also subject to certain other non-financial covenants under the revolving credit facility. such covenants include a limitation on the creation or existence of new liens on nisource's assets, generally exempting liens on utility assets, purchase money security interests, preexisting security interests and an additional subset of assets equal to $150 million. an asset sale covenant generally restricts the sale, lease and/or transfer of nisource's assets to no more than 10% of its consolidated total assets and dispositions for a price not materially less than the fair market value of the assets disposed of that do not impair the ability of nisource and nisource finance to perform obligations under the revolving credit facility, and that, together with all other such dispositions, would not have a material adverse effect. the revolving credit facility also includes a cross-default provision, which triggers an event of default under the credit facility in the event of an uncured payment default relating to any indebtedness of nisource or any of its subsidiaries in a principal amount of $50 million or more.
nisource's indentures generally do not contain any financial maintenance covenants. however, nisource's indentures are generally subject to cross-default provisions ranging from uncured payment defaults of $5 million to $50 million, and limitations on the
32
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations nisource inc.
incurrence of liens on nisource's assets, generally exempting liens on utility assets, purchase money security interests, preexisting security interests and an additional subset of assets capped at 10% of nisource's consolidated net tangible assets.
cppl's revolving credit facility contains various covenants and restrictive provisions which, among other things, limit cppl's and its restricted subsidiaries' ability to incur additional indebtedness, guarantees and/or liens; consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of their assets; make certain investments or restricted payments; modify certain material agreements; engage in certain types of transactions with affiliates; dispose of assets; and prepay certain indebtedness, each of which is subject to customary and usual exceptions and baskets, including an exception to the limitation on restricted payments for distributions of available cash, as permitted by cppl's organizational documents. if cppl fails to perform its obligations under these and other covenants, the revolving credit commitment could be terminated and any outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest, under the revolving credit facility could be declared immediately due and payable. the cppl revolving credit facility also contains customary events of default, including cross default provisions that apply to any other indebtedness cppl may have with an outstanding principal amount in excess of $50 million.
cppl's revolving credit facility also contains certain negative financial covenants that will require cppl (a) to maintain a consolidated total leverage ratio that does not exceed (i) 5.75 to 1.00 for the test period ending december 31, 2015, (ii) 5.50 to 1.00 for any test period ending after december 31, 2015 and on or before december 31, 2017, and (iii) 5.00 to 1.00 for any test period ending after december 31, 2017, provided that after december 31, 2017 and during a specified acquisition period (as defined in cppl's revolving credit facility), then the leverage ratio may not exceed 5.50 to 1.00 and (b) until cpg has received an investment grade rating, to maintain a consolidated interest coverage ratio (as defined in the mlp revolving credit facility) of no less than 3.00 to 1.00.
a breach by cppl of any of these covenants could result in a default in respect of the related debt. if a default occurred, the relevant lenders could elect to declare the debt, together with accrued interest and other fees, to be immediately due and payable and proceed against cppl or any guarantor, including nisource.
sale of trade accounts receivables. refer to note 17, "transfers of financial assets," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for information on the sale of trade accounts receivable.
all accounts receivable sold to the commercial paper conduits are valued at face value, which approximates fair value due to their short-term nature. the amount of the undivided percentage ownership interest in the accounts receivables sold is determined, in part, by required loss reserves under the agreements.
credit ratings. the announcement of the proposed separation on september 28, 2014 triggered ratings reviews by standard & poor's, moody's, and fitch. on september 29, 2014, standard & poor's affirmed the senior unsecured ratings for nisource and the existing ratings of its other rated subsidiaries at bbb- and the nisource finance commercial paper rating of a-3, placing the company's ratings on watch positive. on september 29, 2014, moody's affirmed the nisource senior unsecured rating of baa2 and commercial paper rating of p-2, with a stable outlook. additionally, moody's affirmed nipsco's baa1 rating and affirmed the baa2 rating for columbia of massachusetts. on september 29, 2014, fitch affirmed the senior unsecured ratings for nisource at bbb-, and the existing ratings of its other rated subsidiaries. fitch's outlook for nisource and its subsidiaries is stable. although all ratings continue to be investment grade, a downgrade by either standard & poor's or fitch would result in a rating that is below investment grade.
certain nisource affiliates have agreements that contain "ratings triggers" that require increased collateral if the credit ratings of nisource or certain of its subsidiaries are rated below bbb- by standard & poor's or baa3 by moody's. these agreements are primarily for insurance purposes and for the physical purchase or sale of power. the collateral requirement that would be required in the event of a downgrade below the ratings trigger levels would amount to approximately $39.3 million. in addition to agreements with ratings triggers, there are other agreements that contain "adequate assurance" or "material adverse change" provisions that could necessitate additional credit support such as letters of credit and cash collateral to transact business.
33
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations nisource inc.
contractual obligations. nisource has certain contractual obligations requiring payments at specified periods. the obligations include long-term debt, lease obligations, energy commodity contracts and service obligations for various services including pipeline capacity and ibm outsourcing. the total contractual obligations in existence at december 31, 2014 and their maturities were:
(in millions)                                   total                  2015                  2016                  2017                  2018                  2019                 after long-term debt (1)                       $8,282.0                $230.0                $746.5              $1,339.5                $800.0                $541.0              $4,625.0
capital leases (2)                          286.2                  48.6                  20.1                  19.4                  19.2                  19.1                 159.8
interest payments on long-term debt       5,524.3                 433.0                 407.2                 377.8                 315.2                 271.4               3,719.7
operating leases(3)                         111.0                  22.7                  15.4                  15.4                  12.8                  10.9                  33.8
energy commodity contracts                  576.2                 190.1                 103.2                  76.0                  67.5                  68.6                  70.8
service obligations:
pipeline service obligations              1,398.3                 260.8                 234.1                 214.5                 165.1                 128.3                 395.5
ibm service obligations                     570.2                 100.8                 100.8                  96.4                  92.4                  90.4                  89.4
other service obligations                   180.8                  66.0                  59.1                  55.2                   0.5                     -                     -
other liabilities                            38.3                  38.3                     -                     -                     -                     -                     -
total contractual obligations           $16,967.3              $1,390.3              $1,686.4              $2,194.2              $1,472.7              $1,129.7              $9,094.0
(1) long-term debt balance excludes unamortized discounts of $49.9 million and non-recourse debt of $2.1 million related to ndc douglas properties.
(2) capital lease payments shown above are inclusive of interest totaling $97.9 million.
(3)operating lease balances do not include amounts for fleet leases that can be renewed beyond the initial lease term. the company anticipates renewing the leases beyond the initial term, but the anticipated payments associated with the renewals do not meet the definition of expected minimum lease payments and therefore are not included above. expected payments are $32.7 million in 2015, $32.8 million in 2016, $27.8 million in 2017, $22.0 million in 2018, $13.8 million in 2019 and $9.3 million thereafter.
nisource calculated estimated interest payments for long-term debt as follows: for the fixed-rate debt, interest is calculated based on the stated coupon and payment dates; for variable-rate debt, interest rates are used that are in place as of december 31, 2014.  for 2015, nisource projects that it will be required to make interest payments of approximately $449.1 million, which includes $433.0 million of interest payments related to its long-term debt outstanding as of december 31, 2014. at december 31, 2014, nisource also had $1,576.9 million in short-term borrowings outstanding.
nisource corporate services has a license agreement with rational systems, llc for pipeline business software requiring a payment of $25.6 million in 2015 which is recorded as a capital lease.
nisource's subsidiaries have entered into various energy commodity contracts to purchase physical quantities of natural gas, electricity and coal. these amounts represent the minimum quantities of these commodities nisource is obligated to purchase at both fixed and variable prices.
in july 2008, the iurc issued an order approving nipsco's purchase power agreements with subsidiaries of iberdrola renewables, buffalo ridge i llc and barton windpower llc. these agreements provide nipsco the opportunity and obligation to purchase up to 100 mw of wind power generated commencing in early 2009. the contracts extend 15 and 20 years, representing 50 mw of wind power each. no minimum quantities are specified within these agreements due to the variability of electricity generation from wind, so no amounts related to these contracts are included in the table above. upon any termination of the agreements by nipsco for any reason (other than material breach by buffalo ridge i llc or barton windpower llc), nipsco may be required to pay a termination charge that could be material depending on the events giving rise to termination and the timing of the termination. nipsco began purchasing wind power in april 2009.
nisource has pipeline service agreements that provide for pipeline capacity, transportation and storage services. these agreements, which have expiration dates ranging from 2015 to 2045, require nisource to pay fixed monthly charges.
on december 31, 2013, nisource corporate services signed a seven year agreement with ibm to continue to provide business process and support functions to nisource under a combination of fixed or variable charges, with the variable charges fluctuating based on the actual need for such services. the agreement was effective january 1, 2014 with a commencement date of april 1, 2014 and includes some targeted service enhancements as well as continued existing it support services and a few additional support services. under the agreement, at december 31, 2014, nisource corporate services expects to pay approximately $570.2 million to ibm in service and project fees as shown in the table above. upon any termination of the agreement by nisource for
34
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations nisource inc.
any reason (other than material breach by ibm), nisource may be required to pay ibm a termination charge that could include a breakage fee, repayment of ibm's capital investments not yet recovered and ibm's wind-down expenses. this termination fee could be material depending on the events giving rise to the termination and the timing of the termination.
nipsco has contracts with three major rail operators providing for coal transportation services for which there are certain minimum payments. these service contracts extend for various periods through 2018 and are included within "other service obligations" in the table of contractual obligations.
nipsco has a service agreement with pure air, a general partnership between air products and chemicals, inc. and first air partners lp, under which pure air provides scrubber services to reduce sulfur dioxide emissions for units 7 and 8 at the bailly generating station. services under this contract commenced on july 1, 1992 and expired on june 30, 2012. the agreement was renewed effective july 1, 2012 for ten years and nipsco will continue to pay for the services under a combination of fixed and variable charges. in accordance with gaap, the renewed agreement was evaluated to determine whether the arrangement qualified as a lease. based on the terms of the agreement, the arrangement qualified for capital lease accounting. as the effective date of the new agreement was july 1, 2012, nisource capitalized this lease beginning in the third quarter of 2012. future payments for this capital lease are included within "capital leases" in the table of contractual obligations.
nisource's expected payments included within "other liabilities" in the table of contractual commitments above contains employer contributions to pension and other postretirement benefits plans expected to be made in 2015. plan contributions beyond 2015 are dependent upon a number of factors, including actual returns on plan assets, which cannot be reliably estimated at this time. in 2015, nisource expects to make contributions of approximately $3.5 million to its pension plans and approximately $34.8 million to its postretirement medical and life plans. refer to note 10, "pension and other postretirement benefits," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
not included in the table above are $24.2 million of estimated federal and state income tax liabilities, including interest. if or when such amounts may be settled is uncertain and cannot be estimated at this time. refer to note 9, "income taxes," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
nisource cannot reasonably estimate the settlement amounts or timing of cash flows related to long-term obligations classified as "other liabilities and deferred credits" on the consolidated balance sheets, other than those described above.
nisource also has obligations associated with income, property, gross receipts, franchise, payroll, sales and use, and various other taxes and expects to make tax payments of approximately $351.1 million in 2015, which are not included in the table above.
off balance sheet items as a part of normal business, nisource and certain subsidiaries enter into various agreements providing financial or performance assurance to third parties on behalf of certain subsidiaries. such agreements include guarantees and stand-by letters of credit.
nisource has purchase and sale agreement guarantees totaling $25.6 million, which guarantee purchaser performance or seller performance under covenants, obligations, liabilities, representations or warranties under the agreements. no amounts related to the purchase and sale agreement guarantees are reflected in the consolidated balance sheets. management believes that the likelihood nisource would be required to perform or otherwise incur any significant losses associated with any of the aforementioned guarantees is remote.
nisource has other guarantees outstanding. refer to note 18-a, "guarantees and indemnities," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information about nisource's off balance sheet arrangements.
35
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations nisource inc.
market risk disclosures risk is an inherent part of nisource's energy businesses. the extent to which nisource properly and effectively identifies, assesses, monitors and manages each of the various types of risk involved in its businesses is critical to its profitability. nisource seeks to identify, assess, monitor and manage, in accordance with defined policies and procedures, the following principal market risks that are involved in nisource's energy businesses: commodity price risk, interest rate risk and credit risk. risk management at nisource is a multi-faceted process with oversight by the risk management committee that requires constant communication, judgment and knowledge of specialized products and markets. nisource's senior management takes an active role in the risk management process and has developed policies and procedures that require specific administrative and business functions to assist in the identification, assessment and control of various risks. these include but are not limited to market, operational, financial, compliance and strategic risk types. in recognition of the increasingly varied and complex nature of the energy business, nisource's risk management process, policies and procedures continue to evolve and are subject to ongoing review and modification.
commodity price risk nisource is exposed to commodity price risk as a result of its subsidiaries' operations involving natural gas and power. to manage this market risk, nisource's subsidiaries use derivatives, including commodity futures contracts, swaps and options. nisource is not involved in speculative energy trading activity.
commodity price risk resulting from derivative activities at nisource's rate-regulated subsidiaries is limited, since regulations allow recovery of prudently incurred purchased power, fuel and gas costs through the ratemaking process, including gains or losses on these derivative instruments. if states should explore additional regulatory reform, these subsidiaries may begin providing services without the benefit of the traditional ratemaking process and may be more exposed to commodity price risk. some of nisource's rate-regulated utility subsidiaries offer commodity price risk products to its customers for which derivatives are used to hedge forecasted customer usage under such products. these subsidiaries do not have regulatory recovery orders for these products and are subject to gains and losses recognized in earnings due to hedge ineffectiveness.
nisource subsidiaries are required to make cash margin deposits with their brokers to cover actual and potential losses in the value of outstanding exchange traded derivative contracts. the amount of these deposits, which are reflected in nisource's restricted cash balance, may fluctuate significantly during periods of high volatility in the energy commodity markets.
there are no material commodity price risk assets or liabilities as of december 31, 2014 and 2013.
interest rate risk nisource is exposed to interest rate risk as a result of changes in interest rates on borrowings under its revolving credit agreement, term loan, commercial paper program and accounts receivable programs, which have interest rates that are indexed to short-term market interest rates. based upon average borrowings and debt obligations subject to fluctuations in short-term market interest rates, an increase (or decrease) in short-term interest rates of 100 basis points (1%) would have increased (or decreased) interest expense by $20.0 million and $14.2 million for the years 2014 and 2013, respectively.
credit risk due to the nature of the industry, credit risk is embedded in many of nisource's business activities. nisource's extension of credit is governed by a corporate credit risk policy. in addition, risk management committee guidelines are in place which document management approval levels for credit limits, evaluation of creditworthiness, and credit risk mitigation efforts. exposures to credit risks are monitored by the corporate credit risk function which is independent of commercial operations. credit risk arises due to the possibility that a customer, supplier or counterparty will not be able or willing to fulfill its obligations on a transaction on or before the settlement date. for derivative related contracts, credit risk arises when counterparties are obligated to deliver or purchase defined commodity units of gas or power to nisource at a future date per execution of contractual terms and conditions. exposure to credit risk is measured in terms of both current obligations and the market value of forward positions net of any posted collateral such as cash and letters of credit.
nisource closely monitors the financial status of its banking credit providers. nisource evaluates the financial status of its banking partners through the use of market-based metrics such as credit default swap pricing levels, and also through traditional credit ratings provided by major credit rating agencies.
36
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations nisource inc.
fair value measurement nisource measures certain financial assets and liabilities at fair value. the level of the fair value hierarchy disclosed is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. nisource's financial assets and liabilities include price risk assets and liabilities, available-for-sale securities and a deferred compensation plan obligation.
exchange-traded derivative contracts are generally based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets and are classified within level 1. these financial assets and liabilities are secured with cash on deposit with the exchange; therefore nonperformance risk has not been incorporated into these valuations. certain non-exchange-traded derivatives are valued using broker or over-the-counter, on-line exchanges. in such cases, these non-exchange-traded derivatives are classified within level 2. non-exchange-based derivative instruments include swaps, forwards, and options. in certain instances, nisource may utilize models to measure fair value. valuation models utilize various inputs that include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, other observable inputs for the asset or liability, and market-corroborated inputs, i.e., inputs derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means. where observable inputs are available for substantially the full term of the asset or liability, the instrument is categorized in level 2. certain derivatives trade in less active markets with a lower availability of pricing information and models may be utilized in the valuation. when such inputs have a significant impact on the measurement of fair value, the instrument is categorized in level 3. credit risk is considered in the fair value calculation of derivative instruments that are not exchange-traded. credit exposures are adjusted to reflect collateral agreements which reduce exposures.
refer to note 16, "fair value," in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on nisource's fair value measurements.
other information critical accounting policies nisource applies certain accounting policies based on the accounting requirements discussed below that have had, and may continue to have, significant impacts on nisource's results of operations and consolidated balance sheets.
basis of accounting for rate-regulated subsidiaries. asc topic 980, regulated operations, provides that rate-regulated subsidiaries account for and report assets and liabilities consistent with the economic effect of the way in which regulators establish rates, if the rates established are designed to recover the costs of providing the regulated service and if the competitive environment makes it probable that such rates can be charged and collected. certain expenses and credits subject to utility regulation or rate determination normally reflected in income are deferred on the consolidated balance sheets and are recognized in income as the related amounts are included in service rates and recovered from or refunded to customers. the total amounts of regulatory assets and liabilities reflected on the consolidated balance sheets were $1,889.9 million and $1,736.2 million at december 31, 2014, and $1,665.0 million and $1,730.0 million at december 31, 2013, respectively. for additional information, refer to note 7, "regulatory matters," in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
in the event that regulation significantly changes the opportunity for nisource to recover its costs in the future, all or a portion of nisource's regulated operations may no longer meet the criteria for the application of asc topic 980, regulated operations. in such event, a write-down of all or a portion of nisource's existing regulatory assets and liabilities could result. if transition cost recovery is approved by the appropriate regulatory bodies that would meet the requirements under gaap for continued accounting as regulatory assets and liabilities during such recovery period, the regulatory assets and liabilities would be reported at the recoverable amounts. if unable to continue to apply the provisions of asc topic 980, regulated operations, nisource would be required to apply the provisions of asc topic 980-20, discontinuation of rate-regulated accounting. in management's opinion, nisource's regulated subsidiaries will be subject to asc topic 980, regulated operations for the foreseeable future.
certain of the regulatory assets reflected on nisource's consolidated balance sheets require specific regulatory action in order to be included in future service rates. although recovery of these amounts is not guaranteed, nisource believes that these costs meet the requirements for deferral as regulatory assets. regulatory assets requiring specific regulatory action amounted to $183.9 million at december 31, 2014. if nisource determined that the amounts included as regulatory assets were not recoverable, a charge to income would immediately be required to the extent of the unrecoverable amounts.
pensions and postretirement benefits. nisource has defined benefit plans for both pensions and other postretirement benefits. the calculation of the net obligations and annual expense related to the plans requires a significant degree of judgment regarding the discount rates to be used in bringing the liabilities to present value, long-term returns on plan assets and employee longevity, among other assumptions. due to the size of the plans and the long-term nature of the associated liabilities, changes in the
37
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations nisource inc.
assumptions used in the actuarial estimates could have material impacts on the measurement of the net obligations and annual expense recognition. for further discussion of nisource's pensions and other postretirement benefits, see note 10, "pension and other postretirement benefits," in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
goodwill. nisource's goodwill assets at december 31, 2014 were $3,666.2 million, most of which resulted from the acquisition of columbia on november 1, 2000. in addition, nipsco gas distribution operations' goodwill assets at december 31, 2014, related to the purchase of northern indiana fuel and light in march 1993 and kokomo gas in february 1992 were $17.8 million. as required, nisource tests for impairment of goodwill on an annual basis and on an interim basis when events or circumstances indicate that a potential impairment may exist. nisource's annual goodwill test takes place in the second quarter of each year and was most recently finalized as of may 1, 2014.
nisource completed a quantitative ("step 1") fair value measurement of its reporting units during the may 1, 2012 goodwill test. the test indicated that the fair value of each of the reporting units that carry or are allocated goodwill substantially exceeded their carrying values, indicating that no impairment existed under the step 1 annual impairment test. a qualitative ("step 0") test was performed as of may 1, 2014 and 2013. nisource assessed various assumptions, events and circumstances that would have affected the estimated fair value of the reporting units in its baseline may 1, 2012 test. the results of this assessment indicated that it is not more likely than not that its reporting unit fair values are less than the reporting unit carrying values and no impairments are necessary.
although there was no goodwill asset impairment as of may 1, 2014, an interim impairment test could be triggered by the following: actual earnings results that are materially lower than expected, significant adverse changes in the operating environment, an increase in the discount rate, changes in other key assumptions which require judgment and are forward looking in nature, or if nisource's market capitalization stays below book value for an extended period of time. no impairment triggers were identified subsequent to may 1, 2014.
during the first quarter of 2013, as part of the sale of the service plan and leasing business lines of its retail services business, nisource allocated $10.0 million of goodwill from columbia distribution operations to the sale and allocated $1.0 million of goodwill from nipsco gas distribution operations to the sale. refer to note 3, "discontinued operations and assets and liabilities held for sale" for more information.
refer to notes 1-j and 5, "goodwill and other intangible assets," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
revenue recognition. revenue is recorded as products and services are delivered. utility revenues are billed to customers monthly on a cycle basis. revenues are recorded on the accrual basis and include estimates for electricity and gas delivered but not billed. refer to note 1-l, "revenue recognition," in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
recently issued accounting pronouncements refer to note 2, "recent accounting pronouncements," in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
environmental matters nisource is subject to regulation by various federal, state and local authorities in the areas of air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous and solid wastes, and other environmental matters. nisource believes that it is in substantial compliance with those environmental regulations currently applicable to nisource's business and operations. refer to note 18-d, "environmental matters," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding environmental matters.
bargaining unit contract as of december 31, 2014, nisource had 8,982 employees of whom 3,323 were subject to collective bargaining agreements. agreements were reached with the respective unions whose collective bargaining agreements were set to expire during 2014. two additional collective bargaining contracts, covering approximately 100 employees, are set to expire during 2015.
38
results and discussion of segment operations presentation of segment information operating segments are components of an enterprise for which separate financial information is available that is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing performance. the nisource chief executive officer is the chief operating decision maker.
nisource's operations are divided into three primary business segments. the gas distribution operations segment provides natural gas service and transportation for residential, commercial and industrial customers in ohio, pennsylvania, virginia, kentucky, maryland, indiana and massachusetts. the columbia pipeline group operations segment offers gas transportation and storage services for ldcs, marketers and industrial and commercial customers located in 16 northeastern, mid-atlantic, midwestern and southern states and the district of columbia along with unregulated businesses that include midstream services and development of mineral rights positions. the electric operations segment provides electric service in 20 counties in the northern part of indiana.
39
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
gas distribution operations year ended december 31, (in millions)                                         2014                  2013                   2012
net revenues sales revenues                                                        $3,593.9              $3,053.8              $2,660.7
less: cost of gas sold (excluding depreciation and amortization)       1,762.7               1,419.7               1,166.9
net revenues                                                           1,831.2               1,634.1               1,493.8
operating expenses operation and maintenance                                                900.3                 824.8                 757.3
depreciation and amortization                                            217.6                 201.4                 189.9
(gain) loss on sale of assets and impairment, net                         (0.2   )               1.2                   0.6
other taxes                                                              176.5                 161.3                 154.7
total operating expenses                                               1,294.2               1,188.7               1,102.5
operating income                                                        $537.0                $445.4                $391.3
revenues residential                                                           $2,286.3              $1,901.0              $1,685.2
commercial                                                               800.6                 654.0                 549.0
industrial                                                               231.3                 194.3                 174.3
off-system sales                                                         199.4                 266.4                 176.2
other                                                                     76.3                  38.1                  76.0
total                                                                 $3,593.9              $3,053.8              $2,660.7
sales and transportation (mmdth)
residential sales                                                        295.2                 272.3                 226.5
commercial sales                                                         189.6                 172.9                 156.2
industrial sales                                                         512.9                 494.5                 478.2
off-system sales                                                          44.9                  70.4                  61.5
other                                                                     (0.1   )               0.4                   0.3
total                                                                  1,042.5               1,010.5                 922.7
heating degree days                                                      6,176                 5,698                 4,799
normal heating degree days                                               5,610                 5,610                 5,664
% colder (warmer) than normal                                               10   %                 2   %               (15   )%
customers residential                                                          3,098,052             3,079,575             3,058,839
commercial                                                             282,749               281,535               280,842
industrial                                                               7,637                 7,663                 7,552
other                                                                       15                    22                    22
total                                                                3,388,453             3,368,795             3,347,255
competition gas distribution operations competes with investor-owned, municipal, and cooperative electric utilities throughout its service area, and to a lesser extent, with other regulated natural gas utilities and propane and fuel oil suppliers. gas distribution operations continues to be a strong competitor in the energy market as a result of strong customer preference for natural gas. competition with providers of electricity is generally strongest in the residential and commercial markets of kentucky, southern ohio, central pennsylvania and western virginia where electric rates are primarily driven by low-cost, coal-fired generation. in ohio and pennsylvania, similar gas provider competition is also common. natural gas competes with fuel oil and propane in the massachusetts market mainly due to the installed base of fuel oil and propane-based heating which, over time, has comprised a declining percentage of the overall market.
40
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
gas distribution operations (continued)
market conditions during 2014, spot prices at the henry hub for the winter through december 2014 have primarily been in the $2.745 - $4.280/dth range compared to prices in the $3.360 - $4.520/dth range experienced during the winter through december 2013.
entering the 2014-2015 winter season, national storage levels were 238 bcf below the prior year and 261 bcf below the 5 year average inventory levels (based on november 6, 2014 energy information administration storage report). during the summer of 2014, prices ranged between $3.515 and $4.835/dth which were higher than those prices experienced in the summer of 2013.
all nisource gas distribution operations companies have state-approved recovery mechanisms that provide a means for full recovery of prudently incurred gas costs. gas costs are treated as pass-through costs and have no impact on the net revenues recorded in the period. the gas costs included in revenues are matched with the gas cost expense recorded in the period and the difference is recorded on the consolidated balance sheets as under-recovered or over-recovered gas cost to be included in future customer billings.
the gas distribution operations companies have pursued non-traditional revenue sources within the evolving natural gas marketplace. these efforts include the sale of products and services upstream of the companies' service territory, the sale of products and services in the companies' service territories, and gas supply cost incentive mechanisms for service to their core markets. the upstream products are made up of transactions that occur between an individual gas distribution operations company and a buyer for the sales of unbundled or rebundled gas supply and capacity. the on-system services are offered by nisource to customers and include products such as the transportation and balancing of gas on the gas distribution operations company system. the incentive mechanisms give the gas distribution operations companies an opportunity to share in the savings created from such things as gas purchase prices paid below an agreed upon benchmark and its ability to reduce pipeline capacity charges with their customers. certain gas distribution operations companies continue to offer choice opportunities, where customers can choose to purchase gas from a third-party supplier, through regulatory initiatives in their respective jurisdictions.
capital expenditures and other investing activities the table below reflects actual capital expenditures and other investing activities by category for 2012, 2013 and 2014 and estimates for 2015.
(in millions)                   2015e                2014                2013                2012
system growth              $152.7              $175.9              $166.8              $126.4
maintenance and other       739.2               684.4               624.0               523.0
total                      $891.9              $860.3              $790.8              $649.4
the gas distribution operations segment's capital expenditures and other investing activities were $860.3 million in 2014 and are projected to be $891.9 million in 2015. the estimated 2015 capital expenditures are $31.6 million higher than 2014 primarily due to increased tdsic spend. capital expenditures for 2014 were higher than 2013 by approximately $69.5 million primarily due to increased spending on infrastructure replacement projects.
the gas distribution operations segment's capital expenditures for 2013 were higher than 2012 by approximately $141.4 million primarily due to increased spending on infrastructure replacement projects.
regulatory matters refer to note 7, "regulatory matters," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for information on significant rate developments and cost recovery and trackers for the gas distribution operations segment.
customer usage. increased efficiency of natural gas appliances and improvements in home building codes and standards has contributed to a long-term trend of declining average use per customer. usage for the year ended december 31, 2014 increased from the same period last year primarily due to colder weather compared to the prior year. while historically, rate design at the distribution level has been structured such that a large portion of cost recovery is based upon throughput, rather than in a fixed charge, operating costs are largely incurred on a fixed basis, and do not fluctuate due to changes in customer usage. as a result, the nisource ldcs have pursued changes in rate design to more effectively match recoveries with costs incurred. each of the states in which the nisource ldcs operate has different requirements regarding the procedure for establishing changes to rate design. columbia of ohio restructured its rate design through a base rate proceeding and has adopted a "de-coupled" rate design
41
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
gas distribution operations (continued)
which more closely links the recovery of fixed costs with fixed charges. columbia of massachusetts and columbia of virginia received regulatory approval of decoupling mechanisms which adjust revenues to an approved benchmark level through a volumetric adjustment factor. columbia of maryland has received regulatory approval to implement a residential class revenue normalization adjustment, a decoupling mechanism whereby monthly revenues that exceed or fall short of approved levels are reconciled in subsequent months. in a prior base rate proceeding, columbia of pennsylvania implemented a residential weather normalization adjustment charge. in a prior base rate proceeding, nipsco implemented a higher fixed customer charge for residential and small customer classes moving toward full straight fixed variable rate design.
environmental matters currently, various environmental matters impact the gas distribution operations segment. as of december 31, 2014, reserves have been recorded to cover probable environmental response actions. refer to note 18-d, "environmental matters," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding environmental matters for the gas distribution operations segment.
springfield, ma incident on november 23, 2012, while columbia of massachusetts was investigating the source of an odor of gas at a service location in springfield, massachusetts, a gas service line was pierced and an explosion occurred. while this explosion impacted multiple buildings and resulted in several injuries, no life threatening injuries or fatalities have been reported. the massachusetts dpu has concluded its investigation. columbia of massachusetts is fully cooperating with the occupational safety & health administration in its investigation of this incident. columbia of massachusetts believes any costs associated with damages, injuries, and other losses related to this incident are substantially covered by insurance. any amounts not covered by insurance are not expected to have a material impact on nisource's consolidated financial statements.
weather in general, nisource calculates the weather related revenue variance based on changing customer demand driven by weather variance from normal heating degree-days. normal is evaluated using heating degree days across the nisource distribution region. while the temperature base for measuring heating degree days (i.e. the estimated average daily temperature at which heating load begins) varies slightly across the region, the nisource composite measurement is based on 65 degrees. nisource composite heating degree days reported do not directly correlate to the weather related dollar impact on the results of gas distribution operations. heating degree days experienced during different times of the year or in different operating locations may have more or less impact on volume and dollars depending on when and where they occur. when the detailed results are combined for reporting, there may be weather related dollar impacts on operations when there is not an apparent or significant change in the aggregated nisource composite heating degree-day comparison.
weather in the gas distribution operations service territories for 2014 was about 10% colder than normal and was about 8% colder than 2013, increasing net revenues by approximately $18 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013.
weather in the gas distribution operations service territories for 2013 was about 2% colder than normal and was about 19% colder than 2012, increasing net revenues by approximately $48 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 compared to 2012.
throughput total volumes sold and transported for the year ended december 31, 2014 were 1,042.5 mmdth, compared to 1,010.5 mmdth for 2013. this increase is primarily attributable to colder weather compared to the prior year.
total volumes sold and transported for the year ended december 31, 2013 were 1,010.5 mmdth, compared to 922.7 mmdth for 2012. this increase is primarily attributable to colder weather experienced in 2013 compared to 2012.
nisource throughput reported does not directly correlate to the results of gas distribution operations due to rate design.
42
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
gas distribution operations (continued)
net revenues net revenues for 2014 were $1,831.2 million, an increase of $197.1 million from the same period in 2013. the increase in net revenues is due primarily to an increase of $93.4 million for regulatory and service programs, including the impacts of the rate settlement in 2013 at columbia of pennsylvania, the rate case at columbia of massachusetts, as well as the implementation of rates under columbia of ohio's approved infrastructure replacement program. furthermore, there was an increase in regulatory and tax trackers, which are offset in expense, of $49.2 million and the effects of colder weather of $18.4 million. additionally, there was higher commercial, residential and industrial usage of $14.6 million, an increase in large customer revenue of $6.5 million, higher revenue of $5.9 million due to increased customer count and an increase in off-system sales of $5.6 million. also, there were higher net revenues from the recovery of storage inventory costs of $3.8 million and a settlement of $3.2 million at columbia of massachusetts in 2013. these increases were partially offset by a decrease of $5.6 million resulting from nipsco's gcim.
net revenues for 2013 were $1,634.1 million, an increase of $140.3 million from the same period in 2012, due primarily to an increase of $53.8 million for regulatory and service programs, including the impact from the rate cases at columbia of pennsylvania and columbia of massachusetts and the implementation of rates under columbia of ohio's approved infrastructure replacement program, the effects of colder weather of $47.6 million, increased trackers, which are offset in expense, of $18.7 million, an increase in residential, commercial and industrial usage of $10.8 million, and higher revenue of $5.3 million due to an increase in residential and commercial customers.
at nipsco, sales revenues and customer billings are adjusted for amounts related to under and over-recovered purchased gas costs from prior periods per regulatory order. these amounts are primarily reflected in the "other" gross revenues statistic provided at the beginning of this segment discussion. the adjustments to other gross revenues for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 were a revenue increase of $34.2 million and a revenue decrease of $8.1 million, respectively.
operating income for 2014, gas distribution operations reported operating income of $537.0 million, an increase of $91.6 million from the comparable 2013 period. operating income increased as a result of higher net revenues, as described above, partially offset by increased operating expenses. operating expenses were $105.5 million higher than the comparable period reflecting increased regulatory and tax trackers, which are offset in net revenues, of $49.2 million, higher employee and administrative expenses of $21.9 million primarily due to a growing workforce and increased it support and enhancements projects. additionally, there was increased depreciation of $16.2 million due to increased capital expenditures, increased outside service costs of $13.7 largely due to columbia of pennsylvania's pipeline safety initiatives, higher other taxes of $6.0 million and increased uncollectibles of $5.1 million. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in environmental costs of $6.7 million.
for 2013, gas distribution operations reported operating income of $445.4 million, an increase of $54.1 million from the comparable 2012 period. operating income increased as a result of higher net revenues, as described above, partially offset by increased operating expenses. operating expenses increased $86.2 million due to higher employee and administrative expenses of $27.1 million primarily due to a growing workforce and increased it support and enhancement projects. additionally, there were increased regulatory and tax trackers, which are offset in net revenues, of $18.7 million, higher depreciation of $11.5 million due to an increase in capital expenditures placed in service, increased other taxes, excluding trackers described above, of $8.7 million, higher outside services of $8.4 million, increased environmental expense of $5.6 million and higher materials and supplies of $2.2 million.
43
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
columbia pipeline group operations year ended december 31, (in millions)                                    2014                2013                2012
net revenues transportation revenues                                            $837.1              $774.7              $721.8
storage revenues                                                    197.2               196.4               196.7
other revenues                                                      312.9               208.7                83.0
total sales revenue                                               1,347.2             1,179.8             1,001.5
less: cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization)         0.3                 0.4                 1.1
net revenues                                                      1,346.9             1,179.4             1,000.4
operating expenses operation and maintenance                                           751.6               623.4               476.3
depreciation and amortization                                       118.6               106.9                99.3
gain on sale of assets, net                                         (34.5   )           (18.6   )            (0.6   )
other taxes                                                          67.1                62.2                59.2
total operating expenses                                            902.8               773.9               634.2
equity earnings in unconsolidated affiliates                         46.6                35.9                32.2
operating income                                                   $490.7              $441.4              $398.4
throughput (mmdth)
columbia transmission                                             1,379.4             1,354.3             1,305.7
columbia gulf                                                       626.7               643.0               894.3
crossroads gas pipeline                                              16.7                16.9                15.7
intrasegment eliminations                                          (128.7   )          (239.4   )          (422.6   )
total                                                             1,894.1             1,774.8             1,793.1
growth projects placed into service warren county project. the columbia pipeline group operations segment recently completed construction of approximately 2.5 miles of new 24-inch pipeline and modifications to existing compressor stations for a total capital cost of approximately $37 million. this project has expanded the system in order to provide up to nearly 250,000 dth/d of transportation capacity under a long-term, firm contract. the project commenced commercial operations in april 2014.
west side expansion (columbia transmission-smithfield iii). this project is designed to provide a market outlet for increasing marcellus supply originating from the waynesburg, pennsylvania and smithfield, pennsylvania areas on the columbia transmission system. the columbia pipeline group operations segment invested approximately $87 million in new pipeline and compression, which will provide up to 444,000 dth/d of incremental, firm transport capacity and is supported by long-term, firm contracts. the project was placed in service during the fourth quarter of 2014.
west side expansion (columbia gulf-bi-directional). under this project the columbia pipeline group operations segment invested approximately $113 million in system modifications and horsepower to provide a firm backhaul transportation path from the leach, kentucky interconnect with columbia transmission to gulf coast markets on the columbia gulf system. this investment will increase capacity up to 540,000 dth/d to transport marcellus production originating in west virginia. the project is supported by long-term firm contracts and was placed in service in the fourth quarter of 2014. the alexandria compression portion of columbia gulf's west side expansion (approximately $75 million in capital costs) will be placed in service in the third quarter of 2015.
giles county project. the columbia pipeline group operations segment invested approximately $25 million for the construction of approximately 12.9 miles of 8-inch pipeline, which will provide 46,000 dth/d of firm service to a third party located off its line ka system and into columbia of virginia's system. the columbia pipeline group operations has secured a long-term firm contract for the full delivery volume and the project was placed in service in the fourth quarter of 2014.
44
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
columbia pipeline group operations line 1570 expansion. the columbia pipeline group operations segment replaced approximately 19 miles of existing 20-inch pipeline with a 24-inch pipeline and added compression at an approximate cost of $18 million. the project, which was placed in service during the fourth quarter of 2014, creates nearly 99,000 dth/d of capacity and is supported by long-term, firm contracts.
growth projects in progress chesapeake lng. the project involves the investment of approximately $33 million to replace 120,000 dth/d of existing lng peak shaving facilities nearing the end of their useful lives. this project is expected to be placed in service in the second quarter of 2015.
big pine expansion. the columbia pipeline group operations segment is investing approximately $65 million to make a connection to the big pine pipeline and add compression facilities that will add incremental capacity. the additional approximately 10-mile 20-inch pipeline and compression facilities will support marcellus shale production in western pennsylvania. approximately 50% of the increased capacity generated by the project is supported by a long-term fee-based agreement with a regional producer, with the remaining capacity expected to be sold to other area producers in the near term. this project is expected to be placed in service by the third quarter of 2015.
east side expansion. the columbia pipeline group operations segment has received ferc authorization to construct facilities for this project, which will provide access for production from the marcellus shale to the northeastern and mid-atlantic markets. supported by long-term firm contracts, the project will add up to 312,000 dth/d of capacity and is expected to be placed in service by the end of the third quarter of 2015. the columbia pipeline group operations segment plans to invest up to approximately $275 million in this project.
washington county gathering. a large producer has contracted with the columbia pipeline group operations segment to build a 21-mile dry gas gathering system consisting of 8-inch, 12-inch, and 16-inch pipelines, as well as compression, measurement and dehydration facilities. the columbia pipeline group operations segment expects to invest approximately $120 million beginning in 2014 through 2018 and expects to commence construction in early 2015. the initial wells are expected to come on-line in the fourth quarter of 2015. the project is supported with minimum volume commitments and further enhances columbia midstream's relationship with a producer that has a large marcellus acreage position.
kentucky power plant project. the columbia pipeline group operations segment expects to invest approximately $24 million to construct 2.7 miles of 16-inch greenfield pipeline and other facilities to a third-party power plant from columbia transmission's line p. this project will provide up to 72,000 dth/d of new firm service, is supported by a long-term firm contract, and will be placed in service by the end of the second quarter of 2016.
utica access project. the columbia pipeline group operations segment intends to invest approximately $51 million to construct 4.7 miles of 20-inch greenfield pipeline to provide 205,000 dth/d of new firm service to allow utica production access to liquid trading points on our system. this project is expected to be in service by the end of the fourth quarter of 2016. the columbia pipeline group operations segment has secured firm contracts for the full delivery volume.
leach xpress. the columbia pipeline group operations segment finalized agreements for the installation of approximately 124 miles of 36-inch pipeline from majorsville to the crawford compressor station ("crawford cs") located on the columbia transmission system, and 27 miles of 36-inch pipeline from crawford cs to the mcarthur compressor station located on the columbia transmission system, and approximately 101,700 horsepower across multiple sites to provide approximately 1.5 mmdth/d of capacity out of the marcellus and utica production regions to the leach compressor station ("leach cs") located on the columbia gulf system, tco pool, and other markets on the columbia transmission system. virtually all of the project's capacity has been secured with long-term firm contracts. the columbia pipeline group operations segment expects the project to go in service during the fourth quarter of 2017 and will invest approximately $1.4 billion in this project.
rayne xpress. this project would transport approximately 1 mmdth/d of growing southwest marcellus and utica production away from constrained production areas to markets and liquid transaction points. capable of receiving gas from columbia transmission's leach xpress project, gas would be transported from the leach, kentucky interconnect with columbia transmission in a southerly direction towards the rayne compressor station in southern louisiana to reach various gulf coast markets. the project also includes the creation of a new compressor station. the columbia pipeline group operations segment
45
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
columbia pipeline group operations has secured definitive agreements for firm service for the project's capacity and expect the project to be placed in service by the end of the fourth quarter of 2017. the columbia pipeline group operations segment expects to invest approximately $383 million on the rayne xpress project to modify existing facilities and to add new compression.
cameron access project. the columbia pipeline group operations segment is investing approximately $310 million in an 800,000 dth/d expansion of the columbia gulf system through improvements to existing pipeline and compression facilities, a new state-of-the-art compressor station near lake arthur, louisiana, and the installation of a new 26-mile pipeline in cameron parish to provide for a direct connection to the cameron lng terminal. the columbia pipeline group operations segment expects the project to be placed in service by the first quarter of 2018 and has secured long-term firm contracts for approximately 90% of the increased volumes.
wb xpress. the columbia pipeline group operations segment expects to invest approximately $870 million in this project to expand the wb system through looping and added compression in order to transport approximately 1.3 mmdth/d of marcellus shale production on the columbia transmission system to pipeline interconnects and east coast markets, which includes access to the cove point lng terminal. the columbia pipeline group operations segment expects this project to be placed in service by the fourth quarter of 2018.
equity investments pennant. columbia midstream entered into a 50:50 joint venture in 2012 with affiliates of hilcorp to construct new wet natural gas gathering pipeline infrastructure and ngl processing facilities to support natural gas production in the utica shale region of northeastern ohio and western pennsylvania. columbia midstream and hilcorp jointly own pennant with columbia midstream serving as the operator of pennant and the facilities. nisource accounts for the joint venture under the equity method of accounting.
pennant invested in the construction of 20-24 inch wet gas gathering pipeline facilities with a capacity of approximately 500 mmcf/d. in addition, pennant constructed a gas processing facility in new middletown, ohio that will have an initial capacity of 200 mmcf/d and is constructing a ngl pipeline with an initial capacity of 45,000 barrels per day that can be expanded to 90,000 barrels per day. consistent with the terms of the joint venture, columbia midstream operates the gas processing facility, ngl pipeline and associated wet gas gathering system. the joint venture is designed and anticipated to serve other producers with significant acreage development in the area with an interest in obtaining capacity on the system. the facilities allow pennant to be a full-service solution for providers in the northern utica shale region, offering access to wet gas gathering and processing as well as residue gas and ngl takeaway to attractive market destinations. columbia midstream's initial investment in this area, including the gathering pipeline, related laterals, ngl pipeline and the processing plant, is approximately $195 million. portions of the facilities were placed in service in the fourth quarter of 2013 and the second quarter of 2014, with the remainder placed in service in october 2014.
columbia midstream made cash contributions to pennant totaling $66.6 million, $108.9 million and $2.9 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. no distributions have been received from pennant.
millennium. the millennium system is a ferc-regulated interstate natural gas transportation pipeline system, which consists of approximately 253 miles of natural gas transmission pipeline and three compressor stations with approximately 43,000 hp of installed capacity. millennium transports an average of 1 bcf/d of natural gas sourced from the marcellus shale to markets across new york's southern tier and lower hudson valley, as well as to the new york city markets through its pipeline interconnections. columbia transmission owns a 47.5% interest in millennium and acts as operator for the pipeline in partnership with dte millennium company and national grid millennium llc, which each own an equal remaining share of the company.
columbia transmission made contributions to millennium to fund its share of capital projects of $2.6 million, $16.6 million and $17.5 million in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. for the same respective periods, columbia transmission received distributions of earnings of $35.6 million, $29.0 million and $31.4 million.
millennium began two projects in 2012 that added approximately 30,000 hp of compression to its system. the first project went into service in june 2013 and increased capacity at its interconnections with algonquin gas transmission, with a total investment of approximately $50 million. the second project included a total investment of approximately $40 million that increased capacity
46
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
columbia pipeline group operations with interconnections to other third-party facilities. the second project was placed into service in march 2014. columbia transmission's share of the above investments was limited to its 47.5% interest in millennium.
hardy storage. the hardy storage facility is a ferc-regulated interstate natural gas storage system, which consists of 29 storage wells in a depleted gas production field in hampshire and hardy counties, west virginia, 36.7 miles of pipeline and 7,100 hp of installed capacity. the facility interconnects with columbia transmission and has approximately 12 mmdth of working gas capacity and 176,000 dth/d of withdrawal capacity. columbia transmission owns a 50% interest in hardy storage and acts as operator for the system. a third party, piedmont natural gas company, inc., owns the remaining 50% interest in hardy storage.
nisource received $2.2 million, $3.1 million and $3.5 million of available accumulated earnings in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. for the same respective periods, nisource made no contributions to hardy storage.
regulatory matters refer to note 7, "regulatory matters," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for information on regulatory matters for the columbia pipeline group operations segment.
capital expenditures and other investing activities the table below reflects actual capital expenditures and other investing activities by category for 2012, 2013 and 2014 and estimates for 2015.
(in millions)                                    2015e            2014            2013            2012
system growth and equity investments            $624.1          $367.5          $321.2          $235.0
modernization and maintenance          434.6                     476.4           476.3           254.6
total                                         $1,058.7          $843.9          $797.5          $489.6
capital expenditures in the columbia pipeline group operations segment in 2014 increased by $46.4 million compared to 2013 due to system growth and equity investments in the marcellus and utica shale areas. the capital expenditure program and other investing activities in 2015 are projected to be approximately $1,058.7 million, which is an increase of $214.8 million over 2014. the increase from 2014 to 2015 is expected due to an increase in system growth and equity investments spend as a result of the current profile of identified growth projects in 2015 partially offset by a decrease in the modernization and maintenance spend attributed to advanced spend for the modernization program in 2014.
capital expenditures in the columbia pipeline group operations segment in 2013 increased by $307.9 million compared to 2012 due to the modernization program and system growth and equity investments in the marcellus and utica shale areas.
nature of sales columbia transmission and columbia gulf compete for transportation customers based on the type of service a customer needs, operating flexibility, available capacity and price. columbia gulf and columbia transmission provide a significant portion of total transportation services under firm contracts and derive a smaller portion of revenues through interruptible contracts, with management seeking to maximize the portion of physical capacity sold under firm contracts.
firm service contracts require pipeline capacity to be reserved for a given customer between certain receipt and delivery points. firm customers generally pay a "capacity reservation" fee based on the amount of capacity being reserved regardless of whether the capacity is used, plus an incremental usage fee when the capacity is used. annual capacity reservation revenues derived from firm service contracts generally remain constant over the life of the contract because the revenues are based upon capacity reserved and not whether the capacity is actually used. the high percentage of revenue derived from capacity reservation fees mitigates the risk of revenue fluctuations within the columbia pipeline group operations segment due to changes in near-term supply and demand conditions. for the year ended december 31, 2014, approximately 94.1% of the transportation revenues were derived from capacity reservation fees paid under firm contracts and 4.0% of the transportation revenues were derived from usage fees under firm contracts compared to approximately 93.1% and 5.0%, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2013.
interruptible transportation service is typically short term in nature and is generally used by customers that either do not need firm service or have been unable to contract for firm service. these customers pay a usage fee only for the volume of gas actually transported. the ability to provide this service is limited to available capacity not otherwise used by firm customers, and customers
47
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
columbia pipeline group operations (continued)
receiving services under interruptible contracts are not assured capacity in the pipeline facilities. columbia pipeline group operations provides interruptible service at competitive prices in order to capture short term market opportunities as they occur and interruptible service is viewed by management as an important strategy to optimize revenues from the gas transmission assets. for each of the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, approximately 1.9% of the transportation revenues were derived from interruptible contracts.
environmental matters currently, various environmental matters impact the columbia pipeline group operations segment. as of december 31, 2014, reserves have been recorded to cover probable environmental response actions. refer to note 18-d, "environmental matters," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding environmental matters for the columbia pipeline group operations segment.
throughput columbia transmission's throughput consists of gas transportation service deliveries to ldc city gates, to gas fired power plants, other industrial customers, or other interstate pipelines in its market area. columbia transmission's market area covers portions of northeastern, mid-atlantic, midwestern, and southern states as well as the district of columbia. throughput for columbia gulf reflects transportation services for gas delivered through its mainline and laterals. crossroads pipeline's throughput comes from deliveries it makes to its customers and other pipelines that are located in northern indiana and ohio. intersegment eliminations represent gas delivered to affiliated pipelines within the segment.
throughput for the columbia pipeline group operations segment totaled 1,894.1 mmdth for 2014, compared to 1,774.8 mmdth for the same period in 2013. this increase reflected increased marcellus natural gas production and favorable pricing conditions to third-party interconnects in the southeast region of the united states.
throughput for the columbia pipeline group operations segment totaled 1,774.8 mmdth for 2013, compared to 1,793.1 mmdth for the same period in 2012. the colder weather, which drove a majority of the increase on the columbia transmission system, was more than offset by the impact from increased production of appalachian shale gas that resulted in fewer deliveries being made by columbia gulf to columbia transmission at leach, kentucky.
net revenues net revenues were $1,346.9 million for 2014, an increase of $167.5 million from the same period in 2013. the increase in net revenues is due primarily to higher regulatory trackers, which are offset in expense, of $88.4 million and increased demand margin revenue of $54.7 million primarily as a result of growth projects placed in service and new firm contracts. additionally, there was an increase in net revenues as a result of higher mineral rights royalty revenue of $22.6 million due to additional conveyances and increased third-party drilling activity.
net revenues were $1,179.4 million for 2013, an increase of $179.0 million from the same period in 2012, primarily due to higher regulatory trackers, which are offset in expense, of $119.5 million, the current period impacts of the 2012 customer settlement at columbia transmission, which resulted in an increase in net revenues of $50.3 million, higher demand margin and commodity revenue of $11.9 million from new growth projects placed into service and increased mineral rights royalty revenue and condensate revenue of $7.0 million. these increases were partially offset by lower shorter term transportation services of $7.6 million.
operating income operating income was $490.7 million for 2014, an increase of $49.3 million from the comparable period in 2013. operating income increased as a result of higher net revenues, as described above, and higher equity earnings partially offset by increased operating expenses. equity earnings increased $10.7 million due to higher earnings at millennium attributable to growth projects placed in service. operating expenses were $128.9 million higher than the comparable period primarily as a result of increased regulatory trackers, which are offset in net revenues, of $88.4 million and higher employee and administrative expenses of $28.3 million. additionally, there were increased outside service costs of $13.3 million, higher depreciation of $11.7 million and increased property taxes of $4.0 million. these increases were partially offset by an increase in the gain on the sale of assets of $15.9 million primarily resulting from the increased gains on conveyance of mineral interests of $27.2 million, offset by the gain on the sale of storage base gas in 2013 of $11.1 million and lower software data conversion costs of $8.9 million.
48
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
columbia pipeline group operations (continued)
operating income was $441.4 million for 2013, an increase of $43.0 million from the comparable period in 2012. operating income increased as a result of higher net revenues, as described above, and increased equity earnings partially offset by higher operating expenses. operating expenses increased by $139.7 million primarily due to increased regulatory trackers, which are offset in net revenues, of $119.5 million, higher employee and administrative expenses of $19.0 million that included $8.5 million related to higher pension costs, software data conversion costs of $8.9 million and higher depreciation of $7.6 million primarily due to increased capital expenditures related to projects placed in service. these increases were partially offset by higher gains on the sale of assets of $18.0 million resulting from the sale of storage base gas and on conveyances of mineral interests. equity earnings increased $3.7 million primarily from increased earnings at millennium.
49
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
electric operations year ended december 31, (in millions)                                       2014                   2013                  2012
net revenues sales revenues                                                     $1,673.4               $1,564.9               $1,509.7
less: cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization)         609.7                  542.5                  495.9
net revenues                                                        1,063.7                1,022.4                1,013.8
operating expenses operation and maintenance                                             474.9                  448.6                  451.9
depreciation and amortization                                         244.4                  244.4                  249.7
gain on sale of assets, net                                            (0.1    )                 -                      -
other taxes                                                            61.8                   63.9                   61.4
total operating expenses                                              781.0                  756.9                  763.0
operating income                                                     $282.7                 $265.5                 $250.8
revenues residential                                                          $438.2                 $426.6                 $410.4
commercial                                                            449.4                  431.5                  413.7
industrial                                                            723.6                  632.7                  589.3
wholesale                                                              32.2                   21.0                   19.0
other                                                                  30.0                   53.1                   77.3
total                                                              $1,673.4               $1,564.9               $1,509.7
sales (gigawatt hours)
residential                                                         3,384.2                3,444.7                3,524.3
commercial                                                          3,864.2                3,881.9                3,863.1
industrial                                                         10,114.2                9,339.7                9,251.0
wholesale                                                             675.5                  669.7                  250.8
other                                                                 148.2                  132.0                  119.1
total                                                              18,186.3               17,468.0               17,008.3
cooling degree days                                                     663                    798                  1,054
normal cooling degree days                                              806                    806                    814
% (colder) warmer than normal                                           (18   )%                (1   )%                29   %
electric customers residential                                                         403,272                402,638                401,177
commercial                                                           54,635                 54,452                 53,969
industrial                                                            2,352                  2,374                  2,445
wholesale                                                               751                    725                    725
other                                                                     5                      5                      6
total                                                               461,015                460,194                458,322
electric supply on october 31, 2014, nipsco submitted its 2014 integrated resource plan with the iurc. the plan evaluates demand-side and supply-side resource alternatives to reliably and cost-effectively meet nipsco customers' future energy requirements over the next twenty years. existing resources are expected to be sufficient, assuming favorable outcomes for environmental upgrades, to meet customers' needs into the next decade. nipsco continues to monitor and assess economic, regulatory and legislative activity, and will update its resource plan as appropriate.
50
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
electric operations (continued)
market conditions nipsco's mwh sales to steel-related industries accounted for approximately 61.3% and 63.6% of the total industrial mwh sales for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. nipsco's industrial sales volumes and revenues increased slightly in 2014 as compared to 2013 as industrial activity continued to show moderate but steady improvement.
capital expenditures and other investing activities the table below reflects actual capital expenditures and other investing activities by category for 2012, 2013 and 2014 and estimates for 2015.
(in millions)                   2015e            2014            2013            2012
system growth                   $38.5           $29.3           $42.5           $28.9
maintenance and other   352.8                   409.5           383.8           393.9
total                          $391.3          $438.8          $426.3          $422.8
the electric operations' capital expenditure program and other investing activities in 2014 were $12.5 million higher when compared to 2013 due to increased tdsic spend as well as continued spending on the environmental tracker capital projects in the generation fleet. the estimated 2015 capital expenditures are expected to be $47.5 million lower compared to 2014. the decrease in capital is primarily due to tracker program spend.
the electric operations' capital expenditure program and other investing activities in 2013 were comparable to 2012 due to spending on the environmental tracker capital projects in the generation fleet.
regulatory matters refer to note 7, "regulatory matters," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for information on significant rate developments, miso, and cost recovery and trackers for the electric operations segment.
environmental matters currently, various environmental matters impact the electric operations segment. as of december 31, 2014, reserves have been recorded to cover probable environmental response actions. refer to note 18-d, "environmental matters," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding environmental matters for the electric operations segment.
transmission upgrade agreements on february 11, 2014, nipsco entered into tuas with upgrade sponsors to complete upgrades on nipsco's transmission system on behalf of those sponsors. the upgrade sponsors have agreed to reimburse nipsco for the total cost to construct transmission upgrades and place them into service, multiplied by a rate of 1.71 ("the multiplier").
on june 10, 2014, certain upgrade sponsors for both tuas, filed a complaint at the ferc against nipsco regarding the multiplier stated in the tuas. on june 30, 2014, nipsco filed an answer defending the terms of the tuas and the just and reasonable nature of the multiplier charged therein and moved for dismissal of the complaint. on december 8, 2014, the ferc issued an order in response to the complaint finding that it is appropriate for nipsco to recover, through the multiplier, substantiated costs of ownership related to the tuas. the ferc set for hearing the issue of what constitutes the incremental costs nipsco will incur, but is holding that hearing in abeyance to allow for settlement. nipsco will continue to monitor developments in this matter and does not believe the impact is material to the consolidated financial statements.
sales electric operations sales were 18,186.3 gwh for the year ended 2014, an increase of 718.3 gwh compared to 2013. the 4.1% increase is primarily attributable to an increase in industrial usage due to large industrial customers expanding plant operations and using less internal generation.
electric operations sales were 17,468.0 gwh for the year ended 2013, an increase of 459.7 gwh compared to 2012. the 2.7% increase is primarily attributable to an increase in wholesale usage as a result of increased off system sales opportunities.
51
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
electric operations (continued)
net revenues net revenues were $1,063.7 million for 2014, an increase of $41.3 million from the same period in 2013. the increase in net revenues is due primarily to higher industrial usage of $21.9 million and an increase in the return on the environmental capital investment recovery of $19.8 million due to an increased plant balance eligible for recovery. additionally, there were increased net revenues of $5.9 million as a result of two electric transmission projects authorized by the miso and higher off-system sales of $4.7 million. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in transmission upgrade revenue of $6.5 million included in net revenue in the prior year and the effects of weather of $5.3 million.
net revenues were $1,022.4 million for 2013, an increase of $8.6 million from the same period in 2012, primarily due to an increase in the return on the environmental capital investment recovery of $28.9 million due to an increased plant balance eligible for recovery, higher industrial, commercial and residential margins of $17.5 million, transmission upgrade revenue of $6.2 million, increased off-system sales of $4.9 million, higher revenue of $2.2 million due to an increase in commercial and residential customers and an increase in a rto recovery mechanism of $2.1 million, which is offset in expense. these increases were partially offset by lower environmental cost trackers, which are offset in expense, of $19.5 million, decreased revenue related to emission allowances of $11.9 million, the effects of colder weather of $10.0 million, a decrease of $6.6 million related to the final reconciliation of the revenue credit recorded in 2012 and higher fuel handling costs of $4.3 million.
at nipsco, sales revenues and customer billings are adjusted for amounts related to under and over-recovered purchased fuel costs from prior periods per regulatory order. these amounts are primarily reflected in the "other" gross revenues statistic provided at the beginning of this segment discussion. the adjustment to other gross revenues for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 were a revenue decrease of $25.5 million and a revenue increase of $4.7 million, respectively.
operating income for 2014, electric operations reported operating income of $282.7 million, an increase of $17.2 million from the comparable 2013 period. operating income increased as a result of higher net revenues, as described above, partially offset by increased operating expenses. operating expenses increased $24.1 million due primarily to higher electric generation costs of $15.2 million as a result of maintenance related outages, increased employee and administrative expenses of $9.7 million and higher materials and supplies of $3.3 million. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in tree trimming costs of $4.5 million.
for 2013, electric operations reported operating income of $265.5 million, an increase of $14.7 million from the comparable 2012 period. operating income increased as a result of higher net revenues, as described above, and decreased operating expenses. operating expenses decreased $6.1 million primarily due to lower environmental trackers, which are offset in net revenues, of $19.5 million and decreased electric generation costs of $13.1 million as a result of reduced outages and maintenance. these decreases were partially offset by increased employee and administrative expenses of $16.0 million, higher depreciation and amortization, excluding trackers described above, of $3.9 million, increased other taxes of $2.5 million, and higher miso fees of $2.1 million, which are offset in revenue by a rto recovery mechanism.
52
