item 1a – risk factors in the normal course of our business activities, we are exposed to a variety of risks. the following discussion sets forth the risk factors that we have identified as being most significant to northern trust. although we discuss these risk factors primarily in the context of their potential effects on our business, financial condition or results of operations, you should understand that these effects can have further negative implications such as: reducing the price of our common stock and other securities; reducing our capital, which can have regulatory and other consequences; affecting the confidence that clients and counterparties have in us, with a resulting negative effect on our ability to conduct and grow our businesses; and reducing the attractiveness of our securities to rating agencies and potential purchasers, which may affect adversely our ability to raise capital and secure other funding or the prices at which we are able to do so. further, additional risks beyond those discussed below, elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k or in other of our reports filed with, or furnished to, the sec also could adversely affect us. we cannot assure you that the risk factors herein or elsewhere in our other reports address all potential risks that we may face.
these risk factors also serve to describe factors which may cause our results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements included herein or in other documents or statements that make reference to this annual report on form 10-k. forward-looking statements and other factors that may affect future results are discussed under “forward-looking statements” included in item 7, “management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations” of this annual report on form 10-k.
market risks a downturn in economic conditions, such as the global financial crisis of 2007–08 and resultant economic turmoil, may negatively affect our earnings.
our principal operational focus is on fee-based business, which is distinct from commercial banking institutions that earn most of their revenues from loans and other traditional interest-generating products and services. fees for many of our products and services are based on the volume of transactions processed, the market value of assets under management or custody, securities lending volume and spreads, and fees for other services rendered, all of which may be negatively impacted by a downturn in economic conditions. for example, downturns in equity markets and decreases in the value of debt-related investments as a result of market disruption, illiquidity or other factors have historically reduced the valuations of the assets we manage or service for others, which generally reduced our earnings. weak economic conditions also affect wealth creation, investment preferences, trading activities and savings patterns, which impact demand for our trust and investment products and services. reduced transaction volumes would also generally negatively impact our earnings. economic weakness may also affect the ability of borrowers to repay loans, causing credit quality to deteriorate and resulting in increased cost of credit, a higher level of charge-offs and higher provision for credit losses, all of which would reduce our earnings.
changes in interest rates can negatively affect our earnings.
the direction and level of interest rates are important factors in our earnings. rates that remain persistently low may reduce our net interest margin, which is the difference between what we earn on our assets and the interest rates we pay for deposits and other sources of funding. a low interest rate environment can also reduce fees earned on certain of our products. for example, since 2009, we have waived certain fees associated with money market mutual funds due to the low level of short-term interest rates. lower net interest margins and fee waivers negatively impact our earnings. please see “market risk” in the “risk management” section included in item 7, “management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations” of this annual report on form 10-k, for a more detailed discussion of interest rate and market risks we face.
changes in the monetary and other policies of the various regulatory authorities or central banks of the united states, non-u.s. governments and international agencies may reduce our earnings and negatively affect our growth prospects.
the monetary and other policies of u.s. and international governments, agencies and regulatory bodies have a significant impact on interest rates and overall financial market performance. for example, the federal reserve board regulates the supply of money and credit in the united states, and its policies determine in large part the level of interest rates and our cost of funds
15 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation for lending and investing, which are important factors in our earnings. the actions of the federal reserve board or other regulatory authorities also may reduce the value of financial instruments we hold. further, their policies can affect our borrowers by increasing interest rates or making sources of funding less available, which may increase the risk that borrowers fail to repay their loans from us. changes in monetary and other governmental policies are beyond our control and can be difficult to predict, and we cannot determine the ultimate effect that any such changes would have upon our business, financial condition or results of operations.
uncertainty about the financial stability of several countries in the eu, the risk that those countries may default on their sovereign debt and related stresses on financial markets could have a significant adverse effect on our earnings.
there remain ongoing concerns about the ability of certain european countries to finance their deficits and service their debt burdens. risks and ongoing concerns about the financial stability of these countries could have a detrimental impact on the continued global economic recovery, sovereign and nonsovereign debt in these countries and the financial condition of european financial institutions. european market and economic disruptions have affected, and may continue to affect, consumer confidence levels and spending, personal bankruptcy rates, levels of incurrence and default on consumer debt and home prices. continuing economic challenges in europe, including negative interest rates in some jurisdictions, and related disruptions may negatively impact our earnings.
declines in the value of securities held in our investment portfolio can negatively affect our earnings.
our investment securities portfolio represents a greater proportion, and our loan and lease portfolios represents a smaller proportion, of our total consolidated assets in comparison to many other financial institutions. the value of securities available for sale and held to maturity within our investment portfolio, which is generally determined based upon market values available from third-party sources, may fluctuate as a result of market volatility and economic or financial market conditions. for example, the global financial crisis of 2007–08 and resultant period of economic turmoil and financial market disruption negatively affected the liquidity and pricing of securities, generally, and asset-backed and auction rate securities, in particular. to the extent that any portion of the unrealized losses in our portfolio of investment securities results from declines in securities values that management determines to be other than temporary, the book value of those securities will be adjusted to their estimated recovery value and we will recognize a charge to earnings in the quarter during which we make that determination.
volatility levels and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may affect our earnings.
we provide foreign exchange services to our clients, primarily in connection with our global custody business. foreign currency volatility influences our foreign exchange trading income as does the level of client activity. foreign currency volatility and changes in client activity may result in reduced foreign exchange trading income.
we also are exposed to non-trading foreign currency risk as a result of our holdings of non-u.s. dollar denominated assets and liabilities, investment in non-u.s. subsidiaries, and future non-u.s. dollar denominated revenue and expense. fluctuations in exchange rates may raise the potential for losses resulting from foreign currency trading positions, where aggregate obligations to purchase and sell a currency other than the u.s. dollar do not offset each other or offset each other in different time periods.
we have policies and procedures in place to assess and mitigate potential impacts of foreign exchange risks, including hedging-related strategies. any failure or circumvention of our procedures to mitigate risk may negatively impact earnings. please see “market risk” in the “risk management” section included in item 7, “management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations” of this annual report on form 10-k, for a more detailed discussion of market risks we face.
changes in a number of particular market conditions can negatively affect our earnings.
in past periods, reductions in the volatility of currency-trading markets, the level of cross-border investing activity, and the demand for borrowing securities or willingness to lend such securities have negatively affected our earnings from activities such as foreign exchange trading and securities lending. if these conditions occur in the future, our earnings from these activities
16 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation may be negatively affected. in a few of our businesses, such as securities lending, our fee is calculated as a percentage of our client’s earnings, such that market and other factors that reduce our clients’ earnings from investments or trading activities also reduce our revenues. for example, the global financial crisis of 2007-08 and resultant period of economic turmoil and financial market disruption produced losses in some securities lending programs, reduced borrower demand and led some clients to withdraw from these programs. a return of these conditions in the future could result in additional withdrawals and decreased activity, which could negatively impact our earnings.
operational risks many types of operational risks can negatively affect our earnings.
we regularly assess and monitor operational risk in our businesses. despite our efforts to assess and monitor operational risk, our risk management program may not be effective in all cases. factors that can impact operations and expose us to risks varying in size, scale and scope include:
Ÿ   human errors or omissions, including failures to comply with applicable laws or corporate policies and procedures;

Ÿ   theft, fraud or misappropriation of assets, whether arising from the intentional actions of internal personnel or external third parties;

Ÿ   defects or interruptions in computer or communications systems;

Ÿ   breakdowns in processes, over-reliance on manual processes, which are inherently more prone to error than automated processes, breakdowns in internal controls or failures of the technology and facilities that support our operations;

Ÿ   unsuccessful or difficult implementation of computer systems upgrades;

Ÿ   defects in product design or delivery;

Ÿ   difficulty in accurately pricing assets, which can be aggravated by increased asset coverage, market volatility and illiquidity, and lack of reliable pricing from vendors;

Ÿ   negative developments in relationships with key counterparties, vendors, employees or associates in our day-to-day operations; and

Ÿ   external events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, such as natural disasters, epidemics, computer viruses, geopolitical events, political unrest or acts of terrorism.

while we have in place many controls and business continuity plans designed to address many of these factors, these plans may not operate successfully to mitigate effectively these risks. if they do not, such factors may have a negative impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. in addition, an important aspect of managing our operational risk is creating a risk culture in which all employees fully understand that there is risk in every aspect of our business and the importance of managing risk as it relates to their job functions. we continue to enhance our risk management program to support our risk culture, ensuring that it is sustainable and appropriate to our role as a major financial institution. nonetheless, if we fail to create the appropriate environment that sensitizes all of our employees to managing risk, our business could be adversely impacted.
the systems and models we employ to analyze, monitor and mitigate risks, as well as for other business purposes, are inherently limited, may be not be effective in all cases and, in any case, cannot eliminate all risks that we face.
we use various systems and models in analyzing and monitoring several risk categories, as well as for other business purposes. however, these systems and models are inherently limited because they involve techniques and judgments that cannot anticipate every economic and financial outcome in the markets in which we operate, nor can they anticipate the specifics and timing of such outcomes. further, these systems and models may fail to accurately quantify the magnitude of the risks we face. our measurement methodologies rely on many assumptions and historical analyses and correlations. these assumptions may be incorrect, and the historical correlations on which we rely may not continue to be relevant. consequently, the measurements that we make may not adequately capture or express the true risk profiles of our businesses or provide accurate data for other business purposes, each of which could ultimately have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. errors in the underlying model or model assumptions, or inadequate model assumptions, could result in unanticipated and adverse consequences.
17 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation errors, breakdowns in controls or other mistakes in the provision of services to clients or in carrying out transactions for our own account can subject us to liability, result in losses or negatively affect our earnings in other ways.
in our asset servicing, investment management, fiduciary administration and other business activities, we effect or process transactions for clients and for us that involve very large amounts of money. failure to properly manage or mitigate operational risks can have adverse consequences, and increased volatility in the financial markets may increase the magnitude of resulting losses. given the high volume of transactions we process, errors that affect earnings may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and corrected.
our dependence on technology exposes us to risks that also can result in losses.
our businesses depend on information technology infrastructure, both internal and external, to, among other things, record and process a large volume of increasingly complex transactions and other data, in many currencies, on a daily basis, across numerous and diverse markets and jurisdictions. due to our dependence on technology and the important role it plays in our business operations, we must constantly improve and update our information technology infrastructure. updating these systems can require significant resources and often involves implementation, integration and security risks that could cause financial, reputational and operational harm. failure to ensure adequate review and consideration of critical business changes prior to and during the introduction and deployment of key technological systems or failure to adequately align evolving client commitments and expectations with operational capabilities may have a negative impact on our results of operations. the failure to upgrade systems as necessary to support growth and changing business needs also could have a material adverse effect on our operations.
breaches of our security measures may result in losses.
any failure, interruption or breach in the security of our systems could severely disrupt our operations. our systems involve the use of clients’ and our proprietary information, and security breaches – including cyber-attacks – could expose us to a risk of loss of this information. our security measures may be breached due to the actions of outside parties, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, and, as a result, an unauthorized party may obtain access to our or our clients’ proprietary information. information security risks for large financial institutions like us are significant in part because of the proliferation of new technologies to conduct financial transactions and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists and other external parties, including foreign state actors. our computer, communications, data processing, networks, backup, business continuity or other operating, information or technology systems, including those that we outsource to other providers, may fail to operate properly or become disabled, overloaded or damaged as a result of a number of factors, including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, which could adversely affect our ability to appropriately conduct our business activities.
the third parties with which we do business also are susceptible to the foregoing risks (including regarding the third parties with which they are similarly interconnected or on which they otherwise rely), and our or their business operations and activities may therefore be adversely affected, perhaps materially, by failures, terminations, errors or malfeasance by, or attacks or constraints on, one or more financial, technology, infrastructure or government institutions or intermediaries with whom we or they are interconnected or conduct business.
in recent years, several financial services firms suffered successful cyber-attacks launched both domestically and from abroad, resulting in the disruption of services to clients, loss or misappropriation of sensitive or private data, and reputational harm. although we have not suffered a material breach of our systems, it is possible that we could suffer such a breach in the future. because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. we expect to continue to face increasing cyber threats, including computer viruses, malicious code, distributed denial of service attacks, phishing attacks, information security breaches or employee or contractor error or malfeasance that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of our, our clients’ or other parties’ confidential, personal, proprietary or other information or otherwise disrupt, compromise or damage our or our clients’ or other parties’ business assets, operations and activities. if an actual or perceived breach of our
18 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation security occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed, our reputation could suffer and we could lose clients.
our reputation and business may be harmed and we may be subject to legal claims if there is loss or disclosure of our or our clients’ information.
the secure maintenance and transmission of client information is a critical element of our operations. our information technology and other systems that maintain and transmit client information, or those of service providers or business partners, may be impacted by advertent or inadvertent actions or inactions by our employees, or those of a third-party service provider or business partner or by a security breach. as a result, our clients’ information may be lost, disclosed, accessed or taken without the clients’ consent. any such loss, disclosure or access to clients’ information can result in legal claims or legal proceedings, including regulatory investigations and actions, may have a serious impact on our reputation and may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
inability of our internal controls to keep pace with our expansion may result in losses.
in recent years, we have expanded our geographic footprint, product pipeline and client types. a failure to put controls in place to mitigate new risks associated with this expansion may disrupt our operations, resulting in losses.
a failure or circumvention of our controls and procedures could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we regularly review and update our internal controls, disclosure controls and procedures, and corporate governance policies and procedures. any system of controls, however well designed and operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the objectives of the system are met. any failure or circumvention of our controls and procedures or failure to comply with regulations related to controls and procedures could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. if we identify material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting or are otherwise required to restate our financial statements, we could be required to implement other expensive and time-consuming remedial measures and could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports. in addition, there are risks that individuals, either employees or contractors, consciously circumvent established control mechanisms by, for example, exceeding trading or investment management limitations, or committing fraud.
failure of any of our third-party vendors to perform can result in losses.
third-party vendors provide key components of our business operations such as data processing, recording and monitoring transactions, online banking interfaces and services, and network access. while we have established risk management processes and continuity plans, any disruptions in service from a key vendor for any reason or poor performance of services could negatively affect our ability to deliver products and services to our clients and conduct our business. replacing these third-party vendors or performing the tasks they perform for ourselves could also create significant delay and expense.
we are subject to certain risks inherent in operating globally which may adversely affect our business.
in conducting our business, we are subject to risks of loss from various unfavorable political, economic, legal or other developments, including social or political instability, changes in governmental policies or policies of central banks, expropriation, nationalization, confiscation of assets, price controls, capital controls, exchange controls, unfavorable tax rates and tax court rulings and changes in laws and regulations. less mature and often less regulated business and investment environments heighten these risks in various emerging markets, in which we have been expanding our business activities. our non-u.s. operations accounted for 31% of our revenue in 2014. our non-u.s. businesses are subject to extensive regulation by various non-u.s. regulators, including governments, securities exchanges, central banks and other regulatory bodies in the jurisdictions in which those businesses operate. in many countries, the laws and regulations applicable to the financial services industry are uncertain and evolving and may be applied with extra scrutiny to foreign companies. further, it may be difficult for us to determine the exact requirements of local laws in every market or manage our relationships with multiple regulators in
19 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation various jurisdictions. our inability to remain in compliance with local laws in a particular market and manage our relationships with regulators could have an adverse effect not only on our businesses in that market but also on our reputation generally. the failure to properly mitigate such risks or the failure of our operating infrastructure to support such international activities could result in operational failures and regulatory fines or sanctions, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
we actively strive to optimize our geographic footprint. this optimization may occur by establishing operations in lower-cost locations or by outsourcing to vendors in various jurisdictions. these efforts expose us to the risk that we may not maintain service quality, control or effective management within these operations. in addition, we are exposed to the relevant macroeconomic, political and similar risks generally involved in doing business in those jurisdictions. the increased elements of risk that arise from conducting certain operating processes in some jurisdictions could lead to an increase in reputational risk. during periods of transition, greater operational risk and client concern exist with respect to maintaining a high level of service delivery.
in addition, we are subject in our global operations to rules and regulations relating to corrupt and illegal payments and money laundering, as well as laws relating to doing business with certain individuals, groups and countries, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, the usa patriot act, and the uk bribery act. while we have invested and continue to invest significant resources in training and in compliance monitoring, the geographical diversity of our operations, employees, clients and customers, as well as the vendors and other third parties that we deal with, presents the risk that we may be found in violation of such rules, regulations or laws and any such violation could subject us to significant penalties or adversely affect our reputation.
failure to adequately control our costs could negatively affect our earnings.
our success in controlling the costs and expenses of our business operations also impacts operating results. through various parts of our business strategy, including innovation, we aim to produce efficiencies in operations that help reduce and control costs and expenses, including the costs of losses associated with operating risks attributable to servicing and managing financial assets. failure to control these and other costs could negatively affect our earnings.
acts of terrorism, natural disasters, pandemics and global conflicts may have a negative impact on our business and operations.
acts of terrorism, natural disasters, pandemics, global conflicts or other similar catastrophic events could have a negative impact on our business and operations. while we have in place business continuity plans, such events could still damage our facilities, disrupt or delay the normal operations of our business (including communications and technology), result in harm or cause travel limitations on our employees, and have a similar impact on our clients, suppliers and counterparties. these events could also negatively impact the purchase of our products and services to the extent that those acts or conflicts result in reduced capital markets activity, lower asset price levels, or disruptions in general economic activity in the united states or abroad, or in financial market settlement functions. in addition, war, terror attacks, political unrest, global conflicts, the national and global efforts to combat terrorism and other potential military activities and outbreaks of hostilities may negatively impact economic growth, which could have an adverse effect on our business and operations, and may have other adverse effects on us in ways that we are unable to predict.
credit risks failure to evaluate accurately the prospects for repayment when we extend credit or maintain an adequate allowance for credit losses can result in losses or the need to make additional provisions for credit losses, both of which reduce our earnings.
we evaluate extensions of credit before we make them and then provide for credit risks based on our assessment of the credit losses inherent in our loan portfolio, including undrawn credit commitments. this process requires us to make difficult and complex judgments. challenges associated with our credit risk assessments include identifying the proper factors to be used in assessment and accurately estimating the impacts of those factors. allowances that prove to be inadequate may require us to realize increased provisions for credit losses or write down the value of certain assets on our balance sheet, which in turn would directly and negatively affect earnings.
20 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation weakened economic conditions can result in losses or the need for additional provisions for credit losses, both of which reduce our earnings.
credit risk levels and our earnings can also be affected by weakness in the economy in general and in the particular locales in which we extend credit, a deterioration in credit quality or a reduced demand for credit. adverse changes in the financial performance or condition of our borrowers resulting from weakened economic conditions could impact the borrowers’ abilities to repay outstanding loans, which could in turn negatively impact our financial condition and results of earnings.
the failure or instability of any of our significant counterparties could expose us to loss.
the financial markets are characterized by extensive interconnections among financial institutions, including banks, broker/dealers, collective investment funds and insurance companies. as a result of these interconnections, we and many of our clients have counterparty exposure to other financial institutions. this counterparty exposure presents risks to us and to our clients because the failure or perceived weakness of any of our counterparties has the potential to expose us to risk of loss. instability in the financial markets has resulted historically in some financial institutions becoming less creditworthy. during such periods of instability, we are exposed to increased counterparty risks, both as principal and in our capacity as agent for our clients. changes in market perception of the financial strength of particular financial institutions can occur rapidly, are often based upon a variety of factors and can be difficult to predict. in addition, the criteria for and manner of governmental support of financial institutions and other economically important sectors remain uncertain. in recent years the consolidation of financial service firms and the failures of other financial institutions have increased the concentration of our counterparty risk. we are not able to mitigate all of our and our clients’ counterparty credit risk. if a significant individual counterparty defaults on an obligation to us, we could incur financial losses that materially adversely affect our business, our financial condition and our results of operations.
liquidity risks if the bank is unable to supply the corporation with funds over time, the corporation could be unable to meet its various obligations.
the corporation is a legal entity separate and distinct from the bank and the corporation’s other subsidiaries. the corporation relies on dividends paid to it by the bank to meet its obligations and to pay dividends to stockholders of the corporation. there are various legal limitations on the extent to which the bank and the corporation’s other subsidiaries can supply funds to the corporation by dividend or otherwise. dividend payments by the bank to the corporation in the future will require continued generation of earnings by the bank and could require regulatory approval under certain circumstances. for more information on dividend restrictions, see “supervision and regulation—payment of dividends” in item 1, “business.”
we may need to raise additional capital in the future, which may not be available to us or may only be available on unfavorable terms.
we may need to raise additional capital to provide sufficient resources to meet our business needs and commitments, to accommodate the transaction and cash management needs of our clients, to maintain our credit ratings in response to regulatory changes, including capital rules, or for other purposes. however, our ability to access the capital markets, if needed, will depend on a number of factors, including the state of the financial markets. rising interest rates, disruptions in financial markets, negative perceptions of our business or our financial strength, or other factors may impact our ability to raise additional capital, if needed, on terms acceptable to us. any diminished ability to raise additional capital, if needed, could subject us to liability, restrict our ability to grow, require us to take actions that would negatively affect our earnings or otherwise adversely affect our business and our ability to implement our business plan, capital plan and strategic goals.
21 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation any downgrades in our credit ratings, or an actual or perceived reduction in our financial strength, could adversely affect our borrowing costs, capital costs and liquidity.
rating agencies publish credit ratings and outlooks on our creditworthiness and that of our obligations or securities, including long-term debt, short-term borrowings, preferred stock and other securities. our credit ratings are subject to ongoing review by the ratings agencies and thus may change from time to time based on a number of factors, including our own financial strength, performance, prospects and operations as well as factors not under our control, such as ratings agency-specific criteria or frameworks for our industry or certain security types, which are subject to revision from time to time, and conditions affecting the financial services industry generally.
downgrades in our credit ratings may adversely affect our borrowing costs, our capital costs and our ability to raise capital and, in turn, our liquidity. a failure to maintain an acceptable credit rating may also preclude us from being competitive in certain products. additionally, our counterparties, as well as our clients, rely on our financial strength and stability and evaluate the risks of doing business with us. if we experience diminished financial strength or stability, actual or perceived, a decline in our stock price or a reduced credit rating, our counterparties may be less willing to enter into transactions, secured or unsecured, with us, our clients may reduce or place limits on the level of services we provide them or seek other service providers, or our prospective clients may select other service providers, all of which may have other adverse effects on our business.
the risk that we may be perceived as less creditworthy relative to other market participants is higher in a market environment, in which the consolidation, and in some instances failure, of financial institutions, including major global financial institutions, could result in a smaller number of larger counterparties and competitors. if our counterparties perceive us to be a less viable counterparty, our ability to enter into financial transactions on terms acceptable to us or our clients, on our or our clients’ behalf, will be materially compromised. if our clients reduce their deposits with us or select other service providers for all or a portion of the services we provide to them, our revenues will decrease accordingly.
our success with large, complex clients requires substantial liquidity.
a significant portion of our business involves providing certain services to large, complex clients, which, by their nature, require substantial liquidity. our failure to successfully manage the liquidity and balance sheet issues attendant to this portion of our business may have a negative impact on our ability to meet client needs and grow.
regulatory and legal risks failure to comply with regulations can result in penalties and regulatory constraints that restrict our ability to grow or even conduct our business, or that reduce earnings.
virtually every aspect of our business around the world is regulated, generally by governmental agencies that have broad supervisory powers and the ability to impose sanctions. in the united states, the corporation, the bank and many of the corporation’s other subsidiaries are heavily regulated by bank regulatory agencies at the federal and state levels. these regulations cover a variety of matters ranging from required capital levels to prohibited activities. they are specifically directed at protecting depositors, the federal deposit insurance fund and the banking system as a whole, not our security holders. the corporation and its subsidiaries are also heavily regulated by bank, securities and other regulators globally. regulatory violations or the failure to meet formal or informal commitments made to regulators could generate penalties, require corrective actions that increase costs of conducting business, result in limitations on our ability to conduct business, restrict our ability to expand or adversely impact our reputation. failure to obtain necessary approvals from regulatory agencies on a timely basis could adversely affect proposed business opportunities and results of operations. similarly, failure to comply with new requirements or with future changes in laws or regulations may negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition.
the ongoing implementation of the dodd-frank act may have a material effect on our operations.
the dodd-frank act, which was signed into law on july 21, 2010, made a number of significant regulatory and compliance changes. there remains uncertainty surrounding the manner in which certain of the provisions of the dodd-frank act will be implemented by the various regulatory agencies as some provisions still require final rules to be promulgated. further changes
22 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation resulting from the dodd-frank act may impact the profitability of our business activities, require changes to certain of our business practices, or otherwise adversely affect our business. these changes may also require us to invest significant management attention and resources to evaluate and make any changes necessary to comply with new statutory and regulatory requirements.
changes in regulatory capital requirements could result in reduced earnings.
the dodd-frank act and the implementation of basel iii have led to significantly higher capital requirements, higher capital charges and more restrictive leverage and liquidity ratios, and could impact the capital allocations to various business activities. the ultimate impact of the evolving capital and liquidity standards on us will depend on a number of factors, including the interpretation and implementation of capital and leverage requirements by the u.s. banking regulators. increased capital requirements could ultimately impact the profitability of certain of our business activities, require changes to certain business practices or otherwise adversely affect our business and earnings. see “supervision and regulation” under item 1, “business” for a further discussion of the various capital and liquidity requirements to which we are, and in the future may be, subject.
the implementation of money market mutual fund reform could lower the desirability of money market mutual funds for investors and reduce the profitability of money market mutual funds for sponsors.
on july 23, 2014, the sec approved final rules implementing money market mutual fund reform, which, among other things, require institutional prime money market funds to maintain a floating net asset value and implement procedures that may restrict redemption in certain circumstances through the imposition of liquidity fees and gates against investor redemptions. the implementation of these rules could lower the desirability of money market mutual funds for investors, reduce the profitability of our money market mutual fund products or otherwise adversely affect our business, earnings, or financial condition. the implementation of these rules will occur in phases from july 2015 through october 2016.
further intervention of the u.s. and other governments in the financial services industry may heighten the challenges we face and make compliance with the evolving laws and regulations applicable to banks and other financial services companies more difficult and costly.
in recent years various regulatory bodies have demonstrated heightened enforcement scrutiny through many regulatory initiatives, including anti-money-laundering rules, anti-bribery laws, home mortgage lending and loan-modification requirements. these and other regulatory requirements have increased compliance costs and regulatory risks and may lead to financial and reputational damage in the event of a violation. while we have programs in place, including policies, training and various forms of monitoring, designed to ensure compliance with legislative and regulatory requirements, these programs and policies may not always protect us from conduct by individual employees. governments may take further actions to significantly change the way financial institutions are regulated, either through new legislation, new regulations, new applications of existing regulations or a combination of all of these methods. these actions may involve increased intervention by such governments and regulators in the normal operation of our businesses and the businesses of our competitors in the financial services industry, and would likely involve additional legislative and regulatory requirements imposed on banks and other financial services companies. such actions could increase compliance costs and regulatory risks, lead to financial and reputational damage in the event of a violation, affect our ability to compete successfully, and also may impact the nature and level of competition in the industry in unpredictable ways. the full scope and impact of possible enhanced regulatory and enforcement scrutiny and evolving legislation and regulation is uncertain and difficult to predict.
our business may be adversely impacted by litigation and regulatory enforcement.
our businesses involve the risk that clients or others may sue us, claiming that we have failed to perform under a contract or otherwise failed to carry out a duty perceived to be owed to them. our trust, custody and investment management businesses are particularly subject to this risk. this risk may be heightened during periods when credit, equity or other financial markets are deteriorating in value or are particularly volatile, or when clients or investors are experiencing losses. in addition, as a publicly-held company, we are subject to the risk of claims under the federal securities laws, and volatility in our stock price and those of other financial institutions increases this risk. actions brought against us may result in injunctions, settlements,
23 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation damages, fines or penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations or require changes to our business. even if we defend ourselves successfully, the cost of litigation is often substantial, and public reports regarding claims made against us may cause damage to our reputation among existing and prospective clients or negatively impact the confidence of counterparties, rating agencies and stockholders, consequently negatively affecting our earnings.
in the ordinary course of our business, we also are subject to various regulatory, governmental and enforcement inquiries, investigations and subpoenas. these may be directed generally to participants in the businesses in which we are involved or may be specifically directed at us. in enforcement matters, claims for disgorgement, the imposition of civil and criminal penalties and the imposition of other remedial sanctions are possible.
we may fail to set aside adequate reserves or otherwise underestimate our liability, with a negative effect on our earnings.
we estimate our potential liability for pending and threatened claims, and record reserves when appropriate pursuant to gaap, by evaluating the facts of particular claims under current judicial decisions and legislative and regulatory interpretations. this process is inherently subject to risk, including the risks that a judge or jury could decide a case contrary to our evaluation of the law or the facts or that a court could change or modify existing law on a particular issue important to the case. our earnings will be adversely affected to the extent that our reserves are not adequate.
if we fail to comply with legal standards, we could incur liability to our clients or lose clients, which could negatively affect our earnings.
managing or servicing assets with reasonable prudence in accordance with the terms of governing documents and applicable laws is important to client satisfaction, which in turn is important to the earnings and growth of our investment businesses. failure to comply with these standards, adequately manage these risks or manage the differing interests often involved in the exercise of fiduciary responsibilities could also result in liability.
strategic risks if we do not successfully execute strategic plans, we will not grow as we have planned and our earnings growth will be negatively impacted.
our growth depends upon successful, consistent execution of our business strategies. a failure to execute these strategies will negatively impact growth. a failure to grow organically or to successfully integrate an acquisition could have an adverse effect on our business. the challenges arising from generating organic growth or the integration of an acquired business may include preserving valuable relationships with employees, clients, suppliers and other business partners, delivering enhanced products and services, as well as combining accounting, data processing and internal control systems.
competition for our employees is intense, and we may not be able to attract and retain key personnel.
our success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract new employees, retain and motivate our existing employees, and continue to compensate our employees competitively. competition for the best employees in most activities in which we engage can be intense, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in our efforts to recruit and retain key personnel. factors that affect our ability to attract and retain talented and diverse employees include our compensation and benefits programs, our profitability and our reputation for rewarding and promoting qualified employees. our ability to attract and retain key executives and other employees may be hindered as a result of existing and potential regulations applicable to incentive compensation and other aspects of our compensation programs. these regulations may not apply to some of our competitors and to other institutions with which we compete for talent. the unexpected loss of services of key personnel, both in businesses and corporate functions, could have a material adverse impact on our business because of their skills, knowledge of our markets, operations and clients, years of industry experience and, in some cases, the difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement personnel. similarly, the loss of key employees, either individually or as a group, could adversely affect our clients’ perception of our abilities.
24 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation we are subject to intense competition in all aspects of our businesses, which could negatively affect our ability to maintain satisfactory prices and grow our earnings.
we provide a broad range of financial products and services in highly competitive markets. we compete against large, in some cases well-capitalized, and geographically diverse, companies that are capable of offering a wide array of financial products and services at competitive prices. in certain businesses, such as foreign exchange trading, electronic networks present a competitive challenge. additionally, technological advances and the growth of internet-based commerce have made it possible for other types of institutions to offer a variety of products and services competitive with certain areas of our business. many of these nontraditional service providers have fewer regulatory constraints and some have lower cost structures. these competitive pressures may negatively affect earnings and our ability to grow. furthermore, pricing pressures, as a result of the willingness of competitors to offer comparable or improved products or services at a lower price, may result in a reduction in the price we can charge for our products and services, which could negatively affect our ability to maintain or increase our profitability.
damage to our reputation could have a direct and negative effect on our ability to compete, grow and generate revenue.
damage to our reputation for delivery of a high level of service undermines the confidence of clients and prospects in our ability to serve them and therefore could negatively affect our earnings. damage to our reputation also could affect the confidence of rating agencies, regulators, stockholders and other parties in a wide range of transactions that are important to our business. failure to maintain our reputation would ultimately have an adverse effect on our ability to manage our balance sheet or grow our business. the global financial crisis of 2007-08 and current political and public sentiment regarding financial institutions have resulted in a significant amount of adverse media coverage of financial institutions. actions by the financial services industry generally or by other members of or individuals in the financial services industry could also negatively impact our reputation.
we need to constantly invest in innovation, and the inability or failure to do so may negatively affect our businesses and earnings.
our success in the competitive environment in which we operate requires consistent investment of capital and human resources in innovation. this investment is directed at generating new products and services, and adapting existing products and services to the evolving standards and demands of the marketplace. among other things, investing in innovation helps us maintain a mix of products and services that keeps pace with our competitors and achieve acceptable margins. this investment also focuses on enhancing the delivery of our products and services in order to compete successfully for new clients or gain additional business from existing clients, and includes investment in technological innovation as well. effectively identifying gaps or weaknesses in our product offerings also is important. falling behind our competition in any of these areas could adversely affect our business opportunities, growth and earnings. there are substantial risks and uncertainties associated with innovation efforts. we must invest significant time and resources in developing and marketing new products and services, and expected timetables for the introduction and development of new products or services may not be achieved and price and profitability targets may not be met. further, our revenues and costs may fluctuate because new products and services generally require start-up costs while revenues take time to develop or may not develop at all.
failure to understand or fully appreciate the risks associated with development or delivery of new product and service offerings will negatively affect our businesses and earnings.
our success in capitalizing on innovation depends, in part, on successful implementation of new product and service initiatives. not only must we keep pace with competitors in the development of these new offerings, but we must accurately price them (as well as existing products) on a risk-adjusted basis and effectively deliver them to clients. our identification of risks arising from new products and services, both in their design and implementation, and effective responses to those identified risks, including pricing, is key to our capitalizing on innovation and investment in new product and service offerings.
25 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation our success with large, complex clients requires an understanding of the market and legal, regulatory and accounting standards in various jurisdictions.
a significant portion of our business involves providing certain services to large, complex clients which require an understanding of the market and legal, regulatory and accounting standards in various jurisdictions. any failure to understand and deal with those appropriately could affect our growth prospects or negatively affect our reputation. we identify and manage risk through our business strategies and plans and our risk management practices and controls. if we fail to successfully identify and manage significant risks, we could incur financial loss, suffer damage to our reputation that could restrict our ability to grow or conduct business profitably, or become subject to regulatory penalties or constraints that could limit some of our activities or make them significantly more expensive. in addition, our businesses and the markets in which we operate are continuously evolving. we may fail to fully understand the implications of changes in our businesses or the financial markets or fail to adequately or timely enhance our risk framework to address those changes. if our risk framework is ineffective, either because it fails to keep pace with changes in the financial markets, regulatory requirements, our businesses, our counterparties, clients or service providers or for other reasons, we could incur losses, suffer reputational damage or find ourselves out of compliance with applicable regulatory or contractual mandates or expectations. these risks are magnified as client requirements become more complex and as our increasingly global business requires end-to-end management of operational and other processes across multiple time zones and many inter-related products and services.
failure to produce adequate and competitive returns can negatively affect our earnings and growth prospects.
we derive a significant portion of our revenues from our investment management, fiduciary and asset-servicing businesses. if we do not generate competitive risk-adjusted returns that satisfy clients in a variety of asset classes, we will have greater difficulty maintaining existing business and attracting new business, which would negatively affect our earnings.
we may take actions to maintain client satisfaction that result in losses or reduced earnings.
we may take action or incur expenses in order to maintain client satisfaction or preserve the usefulness of investments or investment vehicles we manage in light of changes in security ratings, liquidity or valuation issues or other developments, even though we are not required to do so by law or the terms of governing instruments. the risk that we will decide to take actions to maintain client satisfaction that result in losses or reduced earnings is greater in periods when credit or equity markets are deteriorating in value or are particularly volatile and liquidity in markets is disrupted.
other risks changes in tax laws and interpretations and tax challenges may negatively affect our earnings.
both u.s. and non-u.s. tax authorities from time to time issue new, or modify existing, tax laws and regulations. these authorities may also issue new, or modify existing, interpretations of those laws and regulations. these new laws, regulations or interpretations, and our actions taken in response to, or reliance upon, such changes in the tax laws may impact our tax position in a manner that results in lower earnings.
in the course of our business, we are sometimes subject to challenges from u.s. and non-u.s. tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due. these challenges may result in adjustments to the timing or amount of taxable income or deductions or the allocation of income among tax jurisdictions, all of which may require a greater provision for taxes or otherwise negatively affect earnings.
26 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation changes in accounting standards may be difficult to predict and could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
new accounting standards, or changes to existing accounting standards, resulting both from initiatives of the financial accounting standards board or its convergence efforts with the international accounting standards board, as well as changes in the interpretation of existing accounting standards by the financial accounting standards board, the sec or bank regulatory agencies, or otherwise reflected in gaap, potentially could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations. these changes are difficult to predict and in some cases we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in the revised treatment of certain transactions or activities, or even the restatement of consolidated financial statements for prior periods.
item 7 – management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations business overview northern trust corporation (corporation) is a financial holding company that is a leading provider of asset servicing, fund administration, asset management, fiduciary and banking solutions for corporations, institutions, families and individuals worldwide. northern trust focuses on managing and servicing client assets through its two client-focused reporting segments: corporate & institutional services (c&is) and wealth management. asset management and related services are provided to c&is and wealth management clients primarily by the asset management business.
the corporation conducts business through various u.s. and non-u.s. subsidiaries, including the northern trust company (bank). the corporation was originally formed as a holding company for the bank in 1971. the corporation has a network of offices in 19 u.s. states, washington, d.c., and 20 international locations in north america, europe, the middle east, and the asia-pacific region. except where the context otherwise requires, the term “northern trust” refers to northern trust corporation and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis.
financial overview net income in 2014 totaled $811.8 million, up 11% from $731.3 million in 2013. earnings per diluted common share totaled $3.32 in 2014 compared to $2.99 in 2013. return on average common equity improved to 10.0% in 2014, from 9.5% in 2013. net income in 2014 included pre-tax charges and write-offs totaling $47.5 million and a $9.5 million income tax benefit related to northern trust’s decision to reinvest the pre-tax earnings of a foreign subsidiary indefinitely outside the u.s. net income in 2013 included a $32.6 million pre-tax gain on the sale of an office building property, offset by a $19.2 million pre-tax charge in connection with an agreement to resolve certain litigation and a $12.4 million pre-tax write-off of certain fee receivables. excluding the current-year items, net income, net income per diluted common share and return on average common equity were $833.6 million, $3.41 and 10.3%, respectively. excluding the prior-year items, net income per diluted common share and return on average common equity were unchanged while net income was $730.7 million.
the 2014 results reflect a continued focus on serving the complex and evolving needs of our clients, while enhancing profitability and returns for our stockholders. revenue increased 6% to $4.33 billion in 2014 from $4.09 billion in the prior year, driven by a 9% increase in trust, investment and other servicing fees and an 8% increase in net interest income, partially offset by a 14% decline in foreign exchange trading income. noninterest expense increased 5% to $3.14 billion in 2014 compared to $2.99 billion in 2013, reflecting continued growth in our business, ongoing investment to support technology initiatives, and actions taken during 2014 to realign our organization.
trust, investment and other servicing fees, which represent the largest component of total revenue, increased 9% to $2.83 billion, from $2.61 billion in 2013, primarily due to new business and the favorable impacts of equity markets and movements in foreign exchange rates, partially offset by higher levels of waived fees in money market mutual funds. money market mutual fund fee waivers, attributable to persistent low short-term interest rates, totaled $129.8 million in 2014 compared to $108.2 million in 2013.
foreign exchange trading income of $210.1 million decreased 14% from $244.4 million in 2013, resulting from lower currency market volatility and client volumes.
higher equity markets and new business in 2014 drove client assets under custody and under management up 7% and 6%, respectively, as compared to the december 31, 2013, levels. client assets under custody as of december 31, 2014, increased to $6.0 trillion from $5.6 trillion, and included $3.5 trillion of global custody assets, up 6% from 2013. client assets under management as of december 31, 2014, increased to $934.1 billion from $884.5 billion in 2013.
reported net interest income of $1.01 billion increased 8%, reflecting higher levels of earnings assets, partially offset by a lower net interest margin.
33 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the provision for credit losses totaled $6.0 million in 2014, compared to $20.0 million in 2013. the current-year provision reflected continued improvement in the credit quality of commercial and institutional and commercial real estate loans, as well as loan growth in 2014. loans and leases as of december 31, 2014, totaled $31.6 billion, up 8% from $29.4 billion in 2013. net charge-offs and nonperforming assets decreased in 2014 to $18.0 million and $232.3 million, respectively, from $39.7 million and $274.7 million in 2013.
total noninterest expense equaled $3.14 billion, up 5% from 2013. excluding the current-year charges and write-offs of $47.5 million and the prior-year legal settlement charge of $19.2 million, noninterest expense increased 4% in 2014, attributable to increased compensation, equipment and software, outside services and employee benefits expense.
northern trust continued to maintain a strong capital position during 2014, with all capital ratios exceeding those required for classification as “well-capitalized” under federal bank regulatory capital requirements. total stockholders’ equity equaled $8.5 billion at year-end, up 7% from $7.9 billion in 2013. on august 5, 2014, northern trust issued 16,000 shares of preferred stock for proceeds of $388.5 million, net of underwriting discounts, commissions and other issuance costs. in october 2014, northern trust declared dividends totaling $9.5 million to preferred stockholders, payable january 1, 2015, covering the five-month period since issuance on august 5, 2014. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we increased the quarterly common stock dividend to $0.33 per common share and repurchased 7.5 million shares of common stock, returning $792.4 million of capital to common stockholders, compared to $609.2 million in 2013.
consolidated results of operations revenue northern trust generates the majority of its revenue from noninterest income that primarily consists of trust, investment and other servicing fees. net interest income comprises the remainder of revenue and consists of interest income generated by earning assets, net of interest expense on deposits and borrowed funds.
revenue in 2014 was $4.33 billion, an increase of 6% from $4.09 billion in 2013. noninterest income, representing 77% of total revenue in both 2014 and 2013, totaled $3.33 billion and $3.16 billion in 2014 and 2013, respectively, up 5% in 2014.
the current-year increase in noninterest income primarily reflected higher trust, investment and other servicing fees, partially offset by lower foreign exchange trading income. trust, investment and other servicing fees totaled $2.83 billion in 2014, up $223.0 million, or 9%, from $2.61 billion in 2013, primarily reflecting new business and the favorable impacts of equity markets and movements in foreign exchange rates, partially offset by higher levels of waived fees in money market mutual funds. foreign exchange trading income in 2014 totaled $210.1 million, down $34.3 million, or 14%, compared with $244.4 million in 2013, reflecting lower currency market volatility and client volumes as compared to 2013.
net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent (fte) basis in 2014 was $1.03 billion, an increase of $69.3 million, or 7%, from $965.6 million in 2013, attributable to higher levels of earnings assets, partially offset by a decline in the net interest margin. the net interest margin declined to 1.08% in 2014 from 1.13% in 2013, primarily resulting from lower yields on earning assets, partially offset by a lower cost of interest-related funds. average earning assets increased $10.3 billion, or 12%, in 2014, reflecting higher levels of federal reserve deposits, securities and loans and leases.
additional information regarding northern trust’s revenue by type is provided below.
2014 total revenue of $4.33 billion
34 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations noninterest income the components of noninterest income, and a discussion of significant changes during 2014 and 2013, are provided below.
table 3: noninterest income                                                      for the year ended december 31,                                      change
($ in millions)                              2014                    2013                      2012                      2014 / 2013             2013 / 2012
trust, investment and other servicing fees          $2,832.8                  $2,609.8                  $2,405.5                   9   %                   8   %
foreign exchange trading income                        210.1                     244.4                     206.1                 (14   )                  19
treasury management fees                                66.0                      69.0                      67.4                  (4   )                   2
security commissions and trading income                 67.6                      68.0                      73.6                  (1   )                  (8   )
other operating income                                 153.5                     166.5                     154.9                  (8   )                   8
investment security losses, net                         (4.3     )                (1.5     )                (1.7   )             181                      (9   )
total noninterest income                            $3,325.7                  $3,156.2                  $2,905.8                   5   %                   9   %
trust, investment and other servicing fees trust, investment and other servicing fees were $2.83 billion in 2014 compared with $2.61 billion in 2013. trust, investment and other servicing fees are based primarily on the market value of assets held in custody, managed and serviced; the volume of transactions; securities lending volume and spreads; and fees for other services rendered. certain market value calculations on which fees are based are performed on a monthly or quarterly basis in arrears. based on an analysis of historical trends and current asset and product mix, management estimates that a 10% rise or fall in overall equity markets would cause a corresponding increase or decrease in northern trust’s trust, investment and other servicing fees of approximately 3% and in total revenue of approximately 2%. for a more detailed discussion of 2014 trust, investment and other servicing fees, refer to the “reporting segments and related information” section.
the following table presents selected equity market indices and the percentage changes year over year.
table 4: market indices             daily averages                                              year-end
2014                2013                    change          2014               2013                  change s&amp;p 500 ®                           1,931               1,643           18          %           2,059              1,848         11          %
msci eafe ® (in u.s. dollars)           1,888               1,747           8                       1,775              1,916               (7    )
35 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations assets under custody and assets under management form the primary basis of our trust, investment and other servicing fees. at december 31, 2014, assets under custody were $6.0 trillion, up 7% from $5.6 trillion a year ago, and included $3.5 trillion of global custody assets, compared to $3.2 trillion at december 31, 2013. assets under management totaled $934.1 billion, up 6% from $884.5 billion at the end of 2013.
table 5: assets under custody                                                                                          december 31,                                  change         five-year compound growth rate
($ in billions)                 2014                 2013                 2012                 2011                 2010                2014 / 2013             2013 / 2012
corporate &amp; institutional          $5,453.1             $5,079.7             $4,358.6             $3,877.6             $3,711.1               7   %                  17   %            10   %
wealth management                         515.7                496.0                446.3                385.2                370.2               4                      11                 9
total assets under custody             $5,968.8             $5,575.7             $4,804.9             $4,262.8             $4,081.3               7   %                  16   %            10   %
c&amp;is assets under custody (in   wealth management assets under custody billions)                           (in billions)
table 6: assets under management                                                                                december 31,                                  change         five-year compound growth rate
($ in billions)                    2014               2013               2012               2011               2010              2014 / 2013             2013 / 2012
corporate &amp; institutional             $709.6             $662.7             $561.2             $489.2             $489.2               7   %                  18   %             8   %
wealth management                          224.5              221.8              197.7              173.7              154.4               1                      12                 9
total assets under management             $934.1             $884.5             $758.9             $662.9             $643.6               6   %                  17   %             8   %
c&amp;is assets under management (in   wealth management assets under management billions)                              (in billions)
36 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations assets under custody and under management were invested as follows:
table 7: assets under custody by                                                                                                          december 31, investment type
2014                                                         2013
c&amp;is             wm             consolidated             c&amp;is             wm             consolidated equities                                       44   %         55   %                   45   %               46   %         55   %                   47   %
fixed income securities                        38             22                       36                   36             22                       34
cash and other assets                          18             23                       19                   18             23                       19
table 8: assets under management by                                                                                                          december 31, investment type
2014                                                         2013
c&amp;is             wm             consolidated             c&amp;is             wm             consolidated equities                                          54   %         47   %                   52   %               56   %         48   %                   54   %
fixed income securities                           14             28                       17                   13             27                       17
cash and other assets                             32             25                       31                   31             25                       29
foreign exchange trading income northern trust provides foreign exchange services in the normal course of business as an integral part of its global custody services. active management of currency positions, within conservative limits, also contributes to foreign exchange trading income. this income totaled $210.1 million in 2014 compared with $244.4 million last year. the decrease of $34.3 million, or 14%, is attributable to lower currency market volatility and client volumes in 2014.
treasury management fees treasury management fees, generated from cash and treasury management products and services provided to clients, totaled $66.0 million, down 4% from $69.0 million in 2013.
security commissions and trading income security commissions and trading income is generated primarily from securities brokerage services provided by northern trust securities, inc., and totaled $67.6 million in 2014, relatively unchanged from $68.0 million in 2013.
other operating income the components of other operating income include:
table 9: other operating income                                 for the year ended december 31,                                   change
($ in millions)                   2014                  2013                    2012                2014 / 2013              2013 / 2012
loan service fees                         $62.7                   $61.9                   $64.5               1   %                   (4   )%
banking service fees                       49.6                    50.9                    55.0              (3   )                   (7    )
other income                               41.2                    53.7                    35.4             (23   )                   52
total other operating income             $153.5                  $166.5                  $154.9              (8   )%                   8    %
the decline in banking service fees in 2014 primarily reflected lower income from standby letters of credit. the “other” component of other operating income in 2013 included the $32.6 million gain on the sale of an office building property, partially offset by a $12.4 million write-off of certain fee receivables. excluding these prior-year items, the “other” component of other operating income increased $7.7 million, or 23%, primarily attributable to increased income from currency-related hedging, lease-related and third party servicing activities in 2014.
37 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations investment security gains (losses), net net investment security losses totaled $4.3 million and $1.5 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively. results for 2014 include $4.2 million of pre-tax charges for the credit-related other-than-temporary impairment (otti) of certain community reinvestment act (cra) eligible securities held within northern trust’s balance sheet investment securities portfolio. there were no otti losses in 2013.
noninterest income – 2013 compared with 2012
trust, investment and other servicing fees were $2.61 billion in 2013, up 8% from $2.41 billion in 2012, primarily attributable to new business and the favorable impact of equity markets, partially offset by higher waived fees in money market mutual funds. foreign exchange trading income increased 19% in 2013 to $244.4 million from $206.1 million in 2012, reflecting higher client volumes from 2012 levels.
other operating income totaled $166.5 million in 2013, an increase of 8% from $154.9 million in 2012. other operating income in 2013 included the $32.6 million gain on the sale of an office building property, partially offset by the $12.4 million fee receivable write-off. excluding these 2013 items, other operating income decreased 6% from 2012, reflecting lower banking and loan service fees.
net investment security losses totaled $1.5 million and $1.7 million in 2013 and 2012, respectively. charges of $3.3 million were recorded in 2012 for the credit-related otti of residential mortgage backed securities and auction rate securities held within northern trust’s balance sheet investment securities portfolio. there were no otti losses in 2013.
net interest income net interest income stated on an fte basis is a non-generally-accepted-accounting-principle (gaap) financial measure that facilitates the analysis of asset yields. management believes an fte presentation provides a clearer indication of net interest margins for comparative purposes. when adjusted to an fte basis, yields on taxable, nontaxable, and partially taxable assets are comparable; however, the adjustment to an fte basis has no impact on net income. a reconciliation of net interest income on a gaap basis to net interest income on an fte basis is provided on page 86.
an analysis of net interest income on an fte basis, major balance sheet components impacting net interest income, and related ratios are provided below.
table 10: analysis of net interest                                                   for the year ended december 31,                                          change income (fte)
($ in millions)                      2014                        2013                          2012                          2014 / 2013                 2013 / 2012
interest income – gaap                          $1,186.9                      $1,155.5                      $1,287.7                   3   %                     (10   )%
fte adjustment                                      29.4                          32.5                          40.8                  (9   )                     (20   )
interest income – fte                            1,216.3                       1,188.0                       1,328.5                   2                         (11   )
interest expense                                   181.4                         222.4                         297.4                 (18   )                     (25   )
net interest income – fte adjusted               1,034.9                         965.6                       1,031.1                   7                          (6   )
net interest income – gaap                       1,005.5                         933.1                         990.3                   8                          (6   )
average balance earning assets                                 $95,947.5                     $85,628.3                     $84,168.5                  12   %                       2   %
interest-related funds                          73,167.2                      67,364.2                      62,293.0                   9                           8
net noninterest-related funds                   22,780.3                      18,264.1                      21,875.5                  25                         (17   )
change in percentage average rate earning assets                                      1.27     %                    1.39     %                    1.58   %           (0.12   )                   (0.19   )
interest-related funds                              0.25                          0.33                          0.48               (0.08   )                   (0.15   )
interest rate spread                                1.02                          1.06                          1.10               (0.04   )                   (0.04   )
total source of funds                               0.19                          0.26                          0.35               (0.07   )                   (0.09   )
net interest margin – fte                           1.08     %                    1.13     %                    1.22   %           (0.05   )                   (0.09   )
refer to pages 160 and 161 for additional analysis of net interest income.
38 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations net interest income is defined as the total of interest income and amortized fees on earning assets, less interest expense on deposits and borrowed funds, adjusted for the impact of interest-related hedging activity. earning assets – including federal funds sold, securities purchased under agreements to resell, interest-bearing due from and deposits with banks, federal reserve deposits, securities, and loans and leases – are financed by a large base of interest-bearing funds that include client deposits; short-term borrowings; senior notes and long-term debt. earning assets also are funded by net noninterest-related funds, which include demand deposits; the allowance for credit losses; and stockholders’ equity, reduced by nonearning assets such as noninterest-bearing cash and due from banks; items in process of collection; and buildings and equipment. net interest income is subject to variations in the level and mix of earning assets and interest-bearing funds and their relative sensitivity to interest rates. in addition, the levels of nonperforming assets and client compensating deposit balances used to pay for services impact net interest income.
net interest income in 2014 was $1.01 billion, up $72.4 million, or 8%, from $933.1 million in 2013. net interest income on an fte basis for 2014 was $1.03 billion, an increase of $69.3 million, or 7% from $965.6 million in 2013. the increase is primarily attributable to higher levels of average earning assets, partially offset by a decline in the net interest margin. average earning assets increased $10.3 billion, or 12%, to $95.9 billion from $85.6 billion in 2013. the net interest margin in 2014 was 1.08%, down from 1.13% in 2013, primarily the result of lower yields on earning assets, partially offset by a lower cost of interest-related funds due to lower short-term interest rates.
growth in average earning assets primarily reflected increased federal reserve deposits, securities and loans and leases. federal reserve deposits averaged $14.7 billion in 2014, up $7.1 billion, or 94%, from $7.6 billion in 2013. securities, inclusive of federal reserve and federal home loan bank stock and certain community development investments which are classified in other assets in the consolidated balance sheet, averaged $33.4 billion, an increase of $2.6 billion, or 9%, from $30.8 billion in 2013. loans and leases averaged $30.2 billion, an increase of $1.5 billion, or 5% higher than the $28.7 billion in 2013.
the increase in average earning assets was primarily funded by higher levels of interest-bearing and demand deposits. non-u.s.-office interest-bearing client deposits averaged $48.3 billion in 2014, up $5.9 billion, or 14%, from $42.3 billion in 2013, while average demand deposits increased $3.0 billion, or 18%, to $19.6 billion in 2014 from $16.6 billion in 2013.
stockholders’ equity averaged $8.2 billion in 2014 compared with $7.7 billion in 2013. the increase of $499.5 million, or 7%, principally reflected current-year earnings and the issuance of preferred stock during 2014, partially offset by dividend declarations and the repurchase of common stock pursuant to northern trust’s share repurchase program. on august 5, 2014, northern trust issued 16,000 shares of series c non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock (series c preferred stock), without par value, for proceeds of $388.5 million. shares of the series c preferred stock rank senior to northern trust’s common stock. in october 2014, northern trust declared cash dividends totaling $9.5 million to preferred stockholders, payable january 1, 2015, covering the five-month period since issuance on august 5, 2014. northern trust returned $792.4 million in capital to common stockholders in 2014, including common stock dividend declarations totaling $311.7 million and common stock repurchases totaling $480.7 million.
under our capital plan submitted in january 2014, which was reviewed without objection by the federal reserve board in march 2014, the corporation may repurchase up to $107.3 million of common stock after december 31, 2014 through march 31, 2015. in january 2015, the corporation submitted its most recent capital plan to the federal reserve board. the corporation is authorized by its board to purchase up to 7.1 million additional shares after december 31, 2014.
for additional analysis of average balances and interest rate changes affecting net interest income, refer to the average balance sheet with analysis of net interest income included in “supplemental item – selected statistical and supplemental financial data.”
net interest income – 2013 compared with 2012
net interest income on an fte basis decreased 6% to $965.6 million in 2013 from $1.03 billion in 2012, primarily due to a decline in the net interest margin, partially offset by higher levels of average earning assets. the net interest margin in 2013 was 1.13% compared to 1.22% in 2012, resulting from lower yields on earning assets, partially offset by a lower cost of interest-related funds.
average earning assets increased $1.5 billion, or 2%, to $85.6 billion in 2013 from $84.2 billion in 2012. growth in average earning assets primarily reflected a 41% increase in federal reserve deposits, partially offset by a 3% decrease in
39 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations interest-bearing deposits with banks. the increase in average earning assets in 2013 was primarily funded by higher levels of non-u.s.-office interest-bearing deposits and short-term borrowings, partially offset by lower levels of demand and other noninterest-bearing deposits.
stockholders’ equity averaged $7.7 billion and $7.4 billion in 2013 and 2012, respectively. the increase in 2013 reflected the retention of earnings, partially offset by dividend declarations and the repurchase of common stock.
provision for credit losses the provision for credit losses was $6.0 million in 2014 compared with $20.0 million in 2013 and $25.0 million in 2012. the current-year provision primarily reflected improved credit quality in the commercial and institutional, commercial real estate and residential real estate loan classes, and allowances established as a result of increased commercial and institutional and commercial real estate loan volumes. nonperforming assets at december 31, 2014, decreased 15% from the prior-year end. residential real estate and commercial real estate loans accounted for 75% and 17%, respectively, of nonperforming loans and leases at december 31, 2014. for further discussion of the allowance and provision for credit losses for 2014, 2013, and 2012, refer to the “asset quality” section.
noninterest expense noninterest expense for 2014 totaled $3.14 billion, up $141.2 million, or 5%, from $2.99 billion in 2013. results for 2014 include $47.5 million of charges and write-offs while the prior year included a $19.2 million legal settlement charge. noninterest expense in 2012 included $18.6 million of charges associated with restructuring, acquisition and integration related activities.
the components of noninterest expense and a discussion of significant changes during 2014 and 2013 are provided below.
table 11: noninterest expense                                       for the year ended december 31,                                  change
($ in millions)                 2014                    2013                      2012                  2014 / 2013             2013 / 2012
compensation                           $1,417.9                  $1,306.6                  $1,267.4               9   %                   3   %
employee benefits                         268.7                     257.5                     258.2               4                       –
outside services                          574.6                     564.1                     529.2               2                       7
equipment and software                    421.4                     377.6                     366.7              12                       3
occupancy                                 180.3                     173.8                     174.4               4                       –
other operating expense                   272.1                     314.2                     282.9             (13   )                  11
total noninterest expense              $3,135.0                  $2,993.8                  $2,878.8               5   %                   4   %
compensation compensation expense, the largest component of noninterest expense, totaled $1.42 billion and $1.31 billion in 2014 and 2013, respectively, an increase of $111.3 million, or 9%. results for 2014 include severance-related charges totaling $29.4 million. excluding these charges, compensation expense increased $81.9 million, or 6%, primarily due to higher staff levels and performance-based compensation and base pay adjustments. staff on a full-time equivalent basis totaled approximately 15,400 at december 31, 2014, up 4% from approximately 14,800 at december 31, 2013.
employee benefits employee benefits expense totaled $268.7 million in 2014, up $11.2 million, or 4%, from $257.5 million in 2013, and included $2.7 million of severance-related charges. excluding these charges, employee benefit expense increased $8.5 million, or 3%, attributable to higher expense associated with employee medical and defined contribution postretirement benefits and payroll tax expense, partially offset by lower pension expense.
outside services outside services expense totaled $574.6 million in 2014, up $10.5 million, or 2%, from $564.1 million in 2013. outside services expense in 2014 included $1.6 million of severance-related charges. excluding these charges, outside services expense increased $8.9 million, or 2%, from the prior year, primarily related to higher sub-custodian and investment management sub-advisor
40 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations fees, partially offset by lower technical services expense. investment management sub-advisor fees are those paid to external investment managers for services provided to certain funds northern trust manages and those relating to custom client programs. technical services expense includes costs for systems and application support, the provision of market and research data, and outsourced check processing and lockbox services, among other services.
equipment and software equipment and software expense, comprised of depreciation and amortization, rental, and maintenance costs, increased $43.8 million, or 12%, to $421.4 million in 2014 compared to $377.6 million in 2013. results for 2014 include $9.5 million of write-offs of replaced or eliminated software. excluding these write-offs, equipment and software expense increased $34.3 million, or 9%, reflecting increased software amortization and related software support costs.
occupancy occupancy expense totaled $180.3 million in 2014, up $6.5 million, or 4%, from $173.8 million in 2013. occupancy expense in 2014 included charges totaling $4.3 million in connection with reductions in office space. excluding these charges, occupancy expense increased 1% compared to 2013.
other operating expense other operating expense in 2014 totaled $272.1 million, down $42.1 million, or 13%, from $314.2 million in 2013. the components of other operating expense are as follows:
table 12: other operating expense                                 for the year ended december 31,   change
($ in millions)                     2014                  2013                    2012              2014 / 2013                2013 / 2012
business promotion                          $88.0                   $91.6                   $87.8              (4   )%                   4   %
fdic insurance premiums                      22.0                    23.5                    25.4              (6   )                   (7   )
staff related                                39.1                    39.1                    41.9              (0   )                   (7   )
other intangibles amortization               19.5                    21.1                    20.3              (8   )                    4
legal settlement charge                         –                    19.2                       –             n/m                      n/m other expenses                              103.5                   119.7                   107.5             (13   )                   11
total other operating expense              $272.1                  $314.2                  $282.9             (13   )%                  11   %
other operating expense in 2013 included the $19.2 million charge in connection with an agreement to resolve certain litigation. the decrease in the “other” component of other operating expense primarily relates to lower charges associated with other account servicing activities in 2014.
noninterest expense – 2013 compared with 2012
noninterest expense in 2013 totaled $2.99 billion, up 4% from $2.88 billion in 2012, and included the $19.2 million legal settlement charge. noninterest expense in 2012 included $18.6 million of charges associated with restructuring, acquisition and integration related activities.
compensation expense increased 3% to $1.31 billion in 2013 from $1.27 billion in 2012, primarily due to base pay adjustments and higher staff levels. employee benefits expense totaled $257.5 million in 2013, relatively unchanged from $258.2 million in 2012.
outside services expense totaled $564.1 million in 2013, up 7% from $529.2 million in 2012. outside services expense in 2013 included higher consulting, technical services and sub-custodian expense as compared to 2012. outside services expense in 2012 included restructuring, acquisition and integration charges of $12.1 million.
equipment and software expense increased 3% to $377.6 million in 2013 compared to $366.7 million in 2012. equipment and software expense in 2013 reflected higher software amortization and related software support costs as compared to 2012. equipment and software expense in 2012 included software write-offs of $15.1 million.
occupancy expense for 2013 was $173.8 million, down slightly from $174.4 million in 2012. occupancy expense in 2012 included $3.6 million of restructuring charges related to reductions in office space.
41 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations other operating expense totaled $314.2 million in 2013, up 11% from $282.9 million in 2012. the increase in 2013 was primarily attributable to the $19.2 million legal settlement charge as well as higher charges associated with other account servicing activities.
provision for income taxes provisions for income tax and effective tax rates are impacted by levels of pre-tax income, tax rates, and the impact of certain non-u.s. subsidiaries whose earnings are reinvested indefinitely outside the u.s., as well as nonrecurring items such as the resolution of tax matters. the 2014 provision for income taxes was $378.4 million, representing an effective rate of 31.8%. this compares with a provision for income taxes of $344.2 million and an effective rate of 32.0% in 2013.
the income tax provisions for 2014 and 2013 reflect reductions totaling $43.0 million and $27.6 million, respectively, related to certain non-u.s. subsidiaries whose earnings are being reinvested indefinitely outside the u.s. the 2012 income tax provision of $305.0 million represented an effective tax rate of 30.7% and included a $12.4 million tax benefit in connection with the resolution of certain leveraged-lease-related matters as well as reductions totaling $27.1 million related to non-u.s. subsidiaries whose earnings are being reinvested indefinitely outside the u.s.
reporting segments and related information northern trust is organized around its two client-focused reporting segments: c&is and wealth management. asset management and related services are provided to c&is and wealth management clients primarily by the asset management business. the revenue and expenses of asset management and certain other support functions are allocated fully to c&is and wealth management. income and expense associated with the corporation’s and the bank’s wholesale funding activities and investment portfolios, as well as certain corporate-based expense, executive level compensation and nonrecurring items are not allocated to c&is and wealth management, and are reported in northern trust’s third reporting segment, treasury and other, in the following pages.
c&is and wealth management results are presented to promote a greater understanding of their financial performance. the information, presented on an internal management-reporting basis, is derived from internal accounting systems that support northern trust’s strategic objectives and management structure. management has developed accounting systems to allocate revenue and expense related to each segment. these systems incorporate processes for allocating assets, liabilities and equity, and the applicable interest income and expense. equity is allocated based on the proportion of economic risk-based and leverage capital associated with the reporting segment. allocations of capital and certain corporate expense may not be representative of levels that would be required if the segments were independent entities. the accounting policies used for management reporting are consistent with those described in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements provided in item 8, “financial statements and supplementary data.” transfers of income and expense items are recorded at cost; there is no consolidated profit or loss on sales or transfers between reporting segments. northern trust’s presentations are not necessarily consistent with similar information for other financial institutions.
table 13: consolidated financial information for the year ended december 31,                                  change
($ in millions)                              2014                        2013                         2012                     2014 / 2013             2013 / 2012
noninterest income trust, investment and other servicing fees              $2,832.8                     $2,609.8                     $2,405.5               9   %                   8   %
foreign exchange trading income                            210.1                        244.4                        206.1             (14   )                  19
other noninterest income                                   282.8                        302.0                        294.2              (6   )                   3
net interest income (fte) (note)                         1,034.9                        965.6                      1,031.1               7                      (6   )
revenue (fte) (note)                                     4,360.6                      4,121.8                      3,936.9               6                       5
provision for credit losses                                  6.0                         20.0                         25.0             (70   )                 (20   )
noninterest expense                                      3,135.0                      2,993.8                      2,878.8               5                       4
income before income taxes (note)                        1,219.6                      1,108.0                      1,033.1              10                       7
provision for income taxes (note)                          407.8                        376.7                        345.8               8                       9
net income                                                $811.8                       $731.3                       $687.3              11   %                   6   %
average assets                                        $104,083.5                    $94,857.7                    $92,975.5              10   %                   2   %
note: stated on an fte basis. the consolidated figures include $29.4 million, $32.5 million, and $40.8 million of fte adjustments for 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively.
42 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations corporate & institutional services c&is is a leading global provider of asset servicing and related services to corporate and public retirement funds, foundations, endowments, fund managers, insurance companies, sovereign wealth funds, and other institutional investors around the globe. asset servicing and related services encompass a full range of capabilities including but not limited to: global master trust and custody; employee benefit services; fund administration; investment operations outsourcing; investment risk and analytical services; securities lending; foreign exchange; banking; cash management; treasury management; brokerage services; and transition management services. client relationships are managed through the bank and the bank’s and the corporation’s other subsidiaries, including support from locations in north america, europe, the middle east, and the asia-pacific region.
the following table summarizes the results of operations of c&is for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 on a management-reporting basis.
table 14: c&amp;is results of operations                                                  for the year ended december 31,                                      change
($ in millions)                              2014                       2013                         2012                         2014 / 2013              2013 /2012
noninterest income trust, investment and other servicing fees             $1,584.0                     $1,443.8                     $1,334.1                  10   %                   8   %
foreign exchange trading income                           200.4                        238.8                        193.5                 (16   )                  23
other noninterest income                                  177.9                        177.3                        193.6                   –                      (8   )
net interest income (fte) (note)                          310.0                        275.9                        280.1                  12                      (1   )
revenue (fte) (note)                                    2,272.3                      2,135.8                      2,001.3                   6                       7
provision for credit losses                                 5.8                         (3.4     )                   (2.1   )             n/m                      62
noninterest expense                                     1,732.8                      1,657.9                      1,599.9                   5                       4
income before income taxes (note)                         533.7                        481.3                        403.5                  11                      19
provision for income taxes (note)                         149.4                        145.6                        114.3                   3                      27
net income                                                384.3                       $335.7                       $289.2                  14   %                  16   %
percentage of consolidated net income                        47     %                     46     %                     42   %
average assets                                        $59,462.9                    $53,308.2                    $49,904.0                  12   %                   7   %
note: stated on an fte basis.
the 14% increase in c&is net income in 2014 primarily resulted from higher trust, investment and other servicing fees and net interest income, partially offset by lower foreign exchange trading income and higher noninterest expense. in addition, c&is net income in 2014 included the $9.5 million income tax benefit related to northern trust’s decision to reinvest the pre-tax earnings of a foreign subsidiary indefinitely outside the u.s. the 16% increase in net income in 2013 compared to 2012 primarily reflected higher trust, investment and other servicing fees and foreign exchange trading income, partially offset by higher noninterest expense.
c&is trust, investment and other servicing fees c&is trust, investment and other servicing fees are primarily attributable to services related to custody, fund administration, investment management, and securities lending. custody and fund administration fees are driven primarily by values of client assets under custody, transaction volumes, and number of accounts. the asset values used to calculate these fees vary depending on the individual fee arrangements negotiated with each client. custody fees related to asset values are client specific and are priced based on quarter-end or month-end values, values at the beginning of each quarter or average values for a month or quarter. the fund administration fees that are asset-value-related are priced using month-end, quarter-end, or average daily balances. investment management fees, which are based generally on client assets under management, are based primarily on market values throughout a period.
securities lending revenue is affected by market values; the demand for securities to be lent, which drives volumes; and the interest rate spread earned on the investment of cash deposited by investment firms as collateral for securities they have borrowed. the other services fee category in c&is includes such products as benefit payment, investment risk and analytical services and other services. revenue from these products is based generally on the volume of services provided or a fixed fee.
43 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations provided below are the components of c&is trust, investment and other servicing fees.
table 15: c&is trust, investment and other servicing fees for the year ended december 31,                                  change
(in millions)                                      2014                    2013                      2012                  2014 / 2013             2013 / 2012
custody and fund administration                           $1,069.9                    $948.9                    $863.9              13   %                  10   %
investment management                                        305.7                     295.6                     281.0               3                       5
securities lending                                            96.5                      97.9                      96.3              (1   )                   2
other                                                        111.9                     101.4                      92.9              10                       9
total trust, investment and other servicing fees          $1,584.0                  $1,443.8                  $1,334.1              10   %                   8   %
2014 c&is trust, investment and other servicing fees custody and fund administration fees, the largest component of trust, investment and other servicing fees, increased $121.0 million, or 13%, reflecting new business and the favorable impacts of equity markets and movements in foreign exchange rates. fees from investment management increased $10.1 million, or 3%, from the prior year due to higher equity markets and new business, partially offset by higher waived fees in money market mutual funds. money market mutual fund fee waivers in c&is totaled $63.2 million and $48.6 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively. securities lending revenue decreased 1%, as lower spreads were offset by higher loan volumes in the current year. c&is other trust, investment and servicing fees increased $10.5 million, or 10%, primarily reflecting higher income from the investment risk and analytical services product.
provided below is a breakdown of the c&is assets under custody and under management.
table 16: c&amp;is assets under custody                                                           december 31,                                  change
(in billions)                             2014                     2013                     2012                   2014 / 2013             2013 / 2012
north america                                       $2,920.3                 $2,705.4                 $2,414.6               8   %                  12   %
europe, middle east, and africa                      1,939.3                  1,823.4                  1,459.7               6                      25
asia-pacific                                           477.3                    448.6                    396.4               6                      13
securities lending                                     116.2                    102.3                     87.9              14                      16
total assets under custody                          $5,453.1                 $5,079.7                 $4,358.6               7   %                  17   %
2014 c&is assets under custody
44 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations table 17: c&amp;is assets under management                                            december 31,                                  change
(in billions)                                2014                2013                2012              2014 / 2013             2013 / 2012
north america                                       $415.5              $382.2              $364.5               9   %                   5   %
europe, middle east, and africa                      115.6               114.0                60.2               1                      89
asia-pacific                                          62.3                64.2                48.6              (3   )                  32
securities lending                                   116.2               102.3                87.9              14                      16
total assets under management                       $709.6              $662.7              $561.2               7   %                  18   %
2014 c&is assets under management c&is assets under custody were $5.5 trillion at december 31, 2014, 7% higher than $5.1 trillion at december 31, 2013. assets under management also increased 7% to $709.6 billion at december 31, 2014, from $662.7 billion at december 31, 2013. cash and other assets deposited by investment firms as collateral for securities borrowed from custody clients are managed by northern trust and are included in assets under custody and under management. this securities lending collateral totaled $116.2 billion and $102.3 billion at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
c&is foreign exchange trading income foreign exchange trading income totaled $200.4 million in 2014, a $38.4 million, or 16%, decrease from $238.8 million in 2013. the decrease is attributable to lower currency market volatility and trading volumes in the current year. foreign exchange trading income in 2013 of $238.8 million increased $45.3 million, or 23%, from $193.5 million in 2012, due to higher trading volumes as compared to 2012.
c&is other noninterest income other noninterest income for 2014 totaled $177.9 million in 2014. other noninterest income in 2013 of $177.3 million included a $6.6 million reduction in connection with the write-off of certain fee receivables. excluding the prior-year fee receivable write-off, c&is other noninterest income decreased $6.0 million, or 3%, in 2014, due to lower loan and banking service fees and treasury management fee income, partially offset by current-year gains from lease-related activities. c&is other noninterest income in 2013 decreased $16.3 million, or 8%, from $193.6 million in 2012.
c&is net interest income net interest income increased $34.1 million, or 12%, in 2014 to $310.0 million from $275.9 million in 2013, due to higher levels of average earning assets, partially offset by a decline in the net interest margin. average earning assets totaled $53.0 billion in the current year, an increase of $7.1 billion, or 16%, from $45.9 billion in the prior year. average earning assets were primarily comprised of interest-bearing deposits with banks as well as loans and leases. funding sources were primarily comprised of non-u.s.-office interest-bearing deposits. the c&is net interest margin in 2014 was 0.58% compared to 0.60% in 2013 and 0.66% in 2012. the net interest margin decreases in 2014 and 2013 are primarily attributable to lower yields on earning assets, partially offset by lower deposit rates, both the result of the persistent low interest rate environment.
45 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations c&is provision for credit losses the provision for credit losses was $5.8 million for 2014, primarily reflecting allowances established as a result of higher commercial and institutional loan volumes, partially offset by continued improvement in the credit quality of commercial and institutional loans. the provision for credit losses was negative $3.4 million for 2013 and negative $2.1 million in 2012, each reflecting improvement in loan portfolio credit quality as compared to the preceding year.
c&is noninterest expense total c&is noninterest expense, which includes the direct expense of the reporting segment, indirect expense allocations for product and operating support, and indirect expense allocations for certain corporate support services, totaled $1.73 billion in 2014, an increase of $74.9 million, or 5%, from $1.66 billion in 2013. results for 2014 include $24.8 million of charges relating to severance activities and reductions in office space and write-offs of replaced or eliminated software, while the prior year included the $19.2 million legal settlement charge. excluding these charges and write-offs, c&is noninterest expense increased $69.3 million, or 4%, resulting from higher indirect expense allocations and compensation expense in 2014. noninterest expense in 2013 increased $58.0 million, or 4%, from $1.60 billion in 2012, and included the 2013 legal settlement charge and higher indirect expense allocations and compensation and outside services expense.
wealth management wealth management provides trust, investment management, custody, and philanthropic services; financial consulting; guardianship and estate administration; family business consulting; family financial education; brokerage services; and private and business banking. wealth management focuses on high-net-worth individuals and families, business owners, executives, professionals, retirees, and established privately-held businesses in its target markets. wealth management also includes the global family office, which provides customized services to meet the complex financial needs of individuals and family offices in the united states and throughout the world with assets typically exceeding $200 million. wealth management services are delivered by multidisciplinary teams through a network of offices in 18 u.s. states and washington, d.c., as well as offices in london, guernsey, and abu dhabi.
the following table summarizes the results of operations of wealth management for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 on a management-reporting basis.
table 18: wealth management results of operations for the year ended december 31,                                      change
($ in millions)                              2014                       2013                         2012                         2014 / 2013             2013 / 2012
noninterest income trust, investment and other servicing fees             $1,248.8                     $1,166.0                     $1,071.4                   7   %                   9   %
foreign exchange trading income                             9.7                          5.6                         12.6                  73                     (56   )
other noninterest income                                   98.3                        116.7                         93.6                 (16   )                  25
net interest income (fte) (note)                          536.1                        557.7                        629.9                  (4   )                 (11   )
revenue (fte) (note)                                    1,892.9                      1,846.0                      1,807.5                   3                       2
provision for credit losses                                 0.2                         23.4                         27.1                 (99   )                 (14   )
noninterest expense                                     1,268.7                      1,215.0                      1,182.3                   4                       3
income before income taxes (note)                         624.0                        607.6                        598.1                   3                       2
provision for income taxes (note)                         234.8                        229.2                        226.4                   2                       1
net income                                                389.2                       $378.4                       $371.7                   3   %                   2   %
percentage of consolidated net income                        48     %                     52     %                     54   %
average assets                                        $23,629.3                    $22,887.6                    $23,917.9                   3   %                  (4   )%
46 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations note: stated on an fte basis.
wealth management net income increased 3% in 2014, primarily as a result of increased trust, investment and other servicing fees, partially offset by lower other noninterest and net interest income and higher noninterest expense. the 4% increase in noninterest expense in 2014 is primarily due to increased indirect expense allocations and compensation expense as compared to 2013. the 2% increase in wealth management net income in 2013 from 2012 is primarily attributable to higher revenue, partially offset by higher noninterest expense.
wealth management trust, investment and other servicing fees provided below is a summary of wealth management trust, investment and other servicing fees and assets under custody and under management.
table 19: wealth management trust, investment and other servicing fees for the year ended december 31,                                  change
(in millions)                                      2014                    2013                      2012                  2014 / 2013             2013 / 2012
central                                                     $509.1                    $470.0                    $435.8               8   %                   8   %
east                                                         325.3                     303.4                     279.8               7                       8
west                                                         262.5                     241.5                     228.1               9                       6
global family office                                         151.9                     151.1                     127.7               1                      18
total trust, investment and other servicing fees          $1,248.8                  $1,166.0                  $1,071.4               7   %                   9   %
2014 wealth management trust, investment and other servicing fees table 20: wealth management assets under custody december 31,                                  change
(in billions)                2014                2013                2012              2014 / 2013             2013 / 2012
global family office                $324.0              $314.9              $270.4               3   %                  16   %
central                               85.7                79.4                71.9               8                      10
east                                  58.5                57.3                63.9               2                     (10   )
west                                  47.5                44.4                40.1               7                      11
total assets under custody          $515.7              $496.0              $446.3               4   %                  11   %
2014 wealth management assets under custody
47 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations table 21: wealth management assets under management december 31,                                   change
(in billions)                   2014                2013                2012              2014 / 2013              2013 / 2012
central                                 $83.4               $86.2               $75.0              (3   )%                  15   %
global family office                     57.0                53.9                41.8               6                       29
east                                     47.4                47.2                49.5             n/m                       (5   )
west                                     36.7                34.5                31.4               6                       10
total assets under management          $224.5              $221.8              $197.7               1    %                  12   %
2014 wealth management assets under management the wealth management regions shown above are comprised of the following: central includes illinois, michigan, minnesota, missouri, ohio and wisconsin; east includes connecticut, delaware, florida, georgia, massachusetts, new york and washington, d.c.; west includes arizona, california, colorado, nevada, texas and washington. global family office provides specialized asset management, investment consulting, global custody, fiduciary, and private banking services to ultra-wealthy domestic and international clients.
wealth management fee income is calculated primarily based on market values. wealth management trust, investment and other servicing fees were $1.25 billion in 2014, up $82.8 million, or 7%, from $1.17 billion in 2013, which in turn was up $94.6 million, or 9%, from $1.07 billion in 2012. the results in 2014 benefitted from higher equity markets and new business, partially offset by higher waived fees in money market mutual funds. wealth management money market mutual fund fee waivers totaled $66.6 million and $59.6 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively. the 9% increase in trust, investment and other servicing fees in 2013 compared to 2012 was attributable to new business and higher equity markets, partially offset by higher waived fees in money market mutual funds as compared to 2012.
at december 31, 2014, assets under custody in wealth management were $515.7 billion compared with $496.0 billion at december 31, 2013. assets under management were $224.5 billion at december 31, 2014 compared to $221.8 billion at the previous year end.
wealth management foreign exchange trading income foreign exchange trading income totaled $9.7 million in 2014, up $4.1 million from $5.6 million in 2013, primarily due to increased client activity in 2014. foreign exchange trading income of $5.6 million in 2013 was $7.0 million lower than $12.6 million in 2012.
wealth management other noninterest income other noninterest income for 2014 totaled $98.3 million, a decrease of $18.4 million, or 16%, from $116.7 million in 2013. noninterest income in 2013 included the $32.6 million pre-tax gain on the sale of an office building property and a $5.8 million reduction in connection with the write-off of certain fee receivables. excluding these prior-year items, other noninterest income increased $8.4 million, or 9%, primarily due to higher income associated with a third-party servicing fee agreement modified in 2014. other noninterest income in 2013 increased $23.1 million, or 25%, as compared to 2012, due to the 2013 gain on the sale of an office building property, partially offset by lower banking and credit related service fees.
48 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations wealth management net interest income net interest income was $536.1 million for 2014, down $21.6 million, or 4%, from $557.7 million in 2013, primarily reflecting a decline in the net interest margin, partially offset by higher levels of average earning assets. the wealth management net interest margin in 2014 decreased to 2.32% from 2.46% in 2013, resulting from lower yields on earning assets, partially offset by lower deposit rates, each reflecting the persistent low interest rate environment. average earning assets totaled $23.1 billion in the current year, a 2% increase from $22.6 billion in the prior year. net interest income in 2013 declined $72.2 million, or 11%, from 2012 and the net interest margin in 2013 of 2.46% was down from the 2012 margin of 2.67%. the lower net interest margin in 2013 as compared to 2012 was attributable to lower yields on earning assets, partially offset by lower deposit rates. earning assets and funding sources in both 2014 and 2013 were primarily comprised of loans and domestic interest-bearing deposits, respectively.
wealth management provision for credit losses the provision for credit losses totaled $0.2 million for 2014, compared with $23.4 million in 2013, and $27.1 million in 2012. the 2014 provision primarily reflected improvement in the credit quality of commercial real estate and residential real estate loan classes. the 2013 provision reflected improvement in the credit quality of the commercial and institutional and commercial real estate loan classes as compared to 2012, but weakness in the credit quality of the residential real estate loan class. for further discussion of the allowance and provision for credit losses refer to the “asset quality” section.
wealth management noninterest expense total noninterest expense, which includes the direct expense of the reporting segment, indirect expense allocations for product and operating support, and indirect expense allocations for certain corporate support services, totaled $1.27 billion, an increase of $53.7 million, or 4%, from $1.22 billion in the prior year. noninterest expense in 2014 included $18.1 million of charges relating to severance activities and reductions in office space and write-offs of replaced or eliminated software. excluding these charges, noninterest expense increased $35.6 million, or 3%, in 2014, primarily due to higher indirect expense allocations and compensation expense. noninterest expense for 2013 was 3% higher than 2012, also primarily due to higher indirect expense allocations and compensation expense.
treasury and other treasury and other includes income and expense associated with the wholesale funding activities and the investment portfolios of the corporation and the bank. treasury and other also includes certain corporate-based expense, executive level compensation and nonrecurring items not allocated to the reporting segments.
the following table summarizes the results of operations of treasury and other for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012 on a management-reporting basis.
table 22: treasury and other results of operations for the year ended december 31,                                       change
($ in millions)                         2014                    2013                      2012                      2014 / 2013              2013 / 2012
noninterest income                                 $6.6                      $8.0                      $7.0                 (17   )%                  14   %
net interest income (fte) (note)                  188.8                     132.0                     121.1                  43                        9
revenue (fte) (note)                              195.4                     140.0                     128.1                  40                        9
noninterest expense                               133.5                     120.9                      96.6                  10                       25
income before income taxes (note)                  61.9                      19.1                      31.5                 224                      (39   )
provision for income taxes (note)                  23.6                       1.9                       5.1                 n/m                      (63   )
net income                                        $38.3                     $17.2                     $26.4                 123    %                 (35   )%
percentage of consolidated net income                 5     %                   2     %                   4   %
average assets                                $20,991.3                 $18,661.9                 $19,153.6                  12    %                  (3   )%
note: stated on an fte basis.
49 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations treasury and other noninterest income in 2014 was $6.6 million compared to $8.0 million in 2013, and included $4.2 million of otti charges related to certain cra-eligible securities. excluding these charges, treasury and other noninterest income increased 35% from 2013, primarily attributable to gains from currency-related hedging activities in 2014. noninterest income in 2013 increased 14% from 2012 and included higher security commissions and trading income as compared to 2012. other noninterest income in 2012 included a $5.3 million hedge-related gain, as well as credit-related otti losses of $3.3 million.
treasury and other net interest income in 2014 was $188.8 million, up $56.8 million, or 43%, from $132.0 million in 2013. the increase is primarily due to higher internal yields on funds provided to reporting segments in the current year. net interest income in 2013 increased $10.9 million, or 9%, from $121.1 million in 2012, primarily due to higher internal yields on funds provided to business units in 2013.
treasury and other noninterest expense in 2014 equaled $133.5 million, up $12.6 million, or 10%, from $120.9 million in 2013, and included $4.6 million of severance-related charges. excluding these charges, the $8.0 million, or 7%, increase is primarily attributable to higher general overhead costs, including compensation and regulatory costs, and higher allocated expense from the corporate support functions.
asset management asset management, through the corporation’s various subsidiaries, supports the c&is and wealth management reporting segments by providing a broad range of asset management and related services and other products to clients around the world. investment solutions are delivered through separately managed accounts, bank common and collective funds, registered investment companies, exchange traded funds, non-u.s. collective investment funds, and unregistered private investment funds. asset management’s capabilities include active, passive and engineered equity; active and passive fixed income; cash management; alternative asset classes (such as private equity and hedge funds of funds); and multi-manager advisory services and products. asset management’s activities also include overlay services and other risk management services. asset management operates internationally through subsidiaries and distribution arrangements and its revenue and expense are allocated fully to c&is and wealth management.
at year-end 2014, northern trust managed $934.1 billion in assets for personal and institutional clients, including $709.6 billion for c&is clients and $224.5 billion for wealth management clients. assets under management increased $49.6 billion, or 6%, from $884.5 billion at year-end 2013. the following table presents consolidated assets under management as of december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 by investment type.
table 23: consolidated assets under management by investment type december 31,                                  change
($ in millions)                 2014                2013                2012              2014 / 2013             2013 / 2012
equities                               $485.7              $477.2              $362.4               2   %                  32   %
fixed income securities                 162.2               146.7               146.7              11                       –
cash and other assets                   169.9               158.2               161.8               7                      (2   )
securities lending collateral           116.3               102.4                88.0              14                      16
total assets under management          $934.1              $884.5              $758.9               6   %                  17   %
the 6% increase in consolidated assets under management from $884.5 billion as of december 31, 2013, to $934.1 billion as of december 31, 2014, primarily reflected higher equity and bond markets and net new business from institutional clients, primarily in fixed income and cash.
50 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations asset management
2014 assets under management of $934.1 billion by investment type    by client segment by management style asset quality securities portfolio the following table presents the book values of northern trust’s held to maturity and available for sale investment securities by type as of december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012.
table 24: securities held to maturity and available for sale                                                              december 31,
(in millions)                                                  2014                      2013                      2012
securities held to maturity obligations of states and political subdivisions                            $121.9                    $225.2                    $329.3
government sponsored agency                                                   18.4                      35.9                     112.9
other                                                                      4,030.5                   2,064.7                   1,939.8
total securities held to maturity                                         $4,170.8                  $2,325.8                  $2,382.0
securities available for sale u.s. government                                                           $4,506.9                  $1,917.9                  $1,784.6
obligations of states and political subdivisions                               4.6                       4.6                      14.1
government sponsored agency                                               16,389.2                  17,528.0                  18,638.8
asset-backed                                                               2,327.7                   2,439.9                   2,375.9
auction rate                                                                  18.1                      98.9                      97.8
other                                                                      6,312.0                   6,403.5                   5,732.3
total securities available for sale                                      $29,558.5                 $28,392.8                 $28,643.5
average total securities                                                 $33,445.9                 $30,819.9                 $30,893.8
total securities at year-end                                             $33,734.0                 $30,720.3                 $31,033.5
northern trust maintains a high quality securities portfolio, with 85% of the combined available for sale, held to maturity, and trading account portfolios at december 31, 2014 composed of u.s. treasury and government sponsored agency securities and triple-a rated corporate debt, covered bonds, asset-backed securities, supranational, sovereign & non-u.s. agency bonds, auction rate securities and obligations of states and political subdivisions. the remaining portfolio was composed of corporate
51 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations debt, asset-backed securities, negotiable certificates of deposit, obligations of states and political subdivisions, auction rate securities and other securities, of which as a percentage of the total securities portfolio, 6% were rated double-a, 3% were rated below double-a, and 6% were not rated by standard and poor’s or moody’s investors service (primarily negotiable certificates of deposits of banks whose long term ratings are at least a).
at december 31, 2014, 39% of corporate debt was rated triple-a, 27% was rated double-a, and 34% was rated below double-a. residential mortgage-backed securities had a total amortized cost and fair value of $6.9 million and $6.4 million, respectively, and were comprised primarily of subprime, prime, and alt-a securities. securities classified as “other asset-backed” at december 31, 2014 had average lives of less than 5 years, and 100% were rated triple-a.
unrealized losses within the investment securities portfolio at december 31, 2014 were $87.6 million as compared to $180.4 million at december 31, 2013, primarily reflecting widened credit spreads and higher market rates of government-sponsored agency and corporate debt securities since purchase; 40% of the corporate debt portfolio is backed by guarantees provided by u.s. and non-u.s. governmental entities. there were $4.2 million and $3.3 million of losses recognized in 2014 and 2012, respectively, in connection with the write-down of securities determined to be other-than-temporarily impaired. no otti losses were recognized in 2013.
northern trust is a participant in the repurchase agreement market. this market provides a relatively low cost alternative for short-term funding. securities purchased under agreements to resell and securities sold under agreements to repurchase are accounted for as collateralized financings and recorded at the amounts at which the securities were acquired or sold plus accrued interest. to minimize any potential credit risk associated with these transactions, the fair value of the securities purchased or sold is monitored, limits are set on exposure with counterparties, and the financial condition of counterparties is regularly assessed. it is northern trust’s policy to take possession, either directly or via third party custodians, of securities purchased under agreements to resell. securities sold under agreements to repurchase are held by the counterparty until the repurchase.
loans and leases the following table presents the amounts outstanding of for loans and leases by segment and class as of december 31, 2014, and the preceding four years.
table 25: composition of loan portfolio                                                                                                         december 31,
(in millions)                             2014                    2013                    2012                    2011                    2010
commercial commercial and institutional                        $8,381.9                $7,375.8                $7,468.5                $6,918.7                $5,914.5
commercial real estate                               3,333.3                 2,955.8                 2,859.8                 2,981.7                 3,242.4
lease financing, net                                   916.3                   975.1                 1,035.0                   978.8                 1,063.7
non-u.s.                                             1,530.6                   954.7                 1,192.3                 1,057.5                 1,046.2
other                                                  191.5                   358.6                   341.6                   417.6                   346.6
total commercial                                   $14,353.6               $12,620.0               $12,897.2               $12,354.3               $11,613.4
personal residential real estate                             $9,782.6               $10,271.3               $10,375.2               $10,708.9               $10,854.9
private client                                       7,466.9                 6,445.6                 6,130.1                 5,651.4                 5,423.7
other                                                   37.1                    48.6                   102.0                   349.3                   240.0
total personal                                     $17,286.6               $16,765.5               $16,607.3               $16,709.6               $16,518.6
total loans and leases                             $31,640.2               $29,385.5               $29,504.5               $29,063.9               $28,132.0
residential real estate the residential real estate loan portfolio is primarily composed of mortgages and home equity credit lines provided as an accommodation to clients. residential real estate loans totaled $9.8 billion at december 31, 2014, or 32% of total u.s. loans, compared with $10.3 billion, or 36% of total u.s. loans at december 31, 2013. all residential real estate loans are underwritten utilizing northern trust’s credit policies, which do not support the origination of loan types generally considered to be of high risk in nature, such as option arm loans, subprime loans, loans with initial “teaser” rates, and loans with excessively high loan-to-value ratios. residential real estate loans consist of traditional first lien mortgages and equity credit lines that generally
52 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations require a loan-to-collateral value of no more than 65% to 80% at inception. revaluations of supporting collateral for residential real estate loans are obtained upon refinancing or default or when otherwise considered warranted. residential real estate collateral revaluations are performed by independent third parties.
of the total $9.8 billion in residential real estate loans at december 31, 2014, $3.0 billion were in the greater chicago area, $2.2 billion were in florida, and $1.6 billion were in california, with the remainder distributed throughout the other geographic regions within the u.s. served by northern trust. legally binding commitments to extend residential real estate credit, which are primarily equity credit lines, totaled $1.6 billion and $1.7 billion at december 31, 2014, and 2013, respectively.
commercial real estate in managing its credit exposure, management has defined a commercial real estate loan as one where: (1) the borrower’s principal business activity is the acquisition or the development of real estate for commercial purposes; (2) the principal collateral is real estate held for commercial purposes, and loan repayment is expected to flow from the operation of the property; or (3) the loan repayment is expected to flow from the sale or refinance of real estate as a normal and ongoing part of the business. unsecured lines of credit to firms or individuals engaged in commercial real estate endeavors are included without regard to the use of loan proceeds. the commercial real estate portfolio consists of commercial mortgages and construction, acquisition and development loans extended primarily to highly experienced developers and/or investors well known to northern trust. underwriting standards generally reflect conservative loan-to-value ratios and debt service coverage requirements. recourse to borrowers through guarantees is also commonly required.
commercial mortgage financing is provided for the acquisition or refinancing of income-producing properties. cash flows from the properties generally are sufficient to amortize the loan. these loans are primarily located in the illinois, florida, california, texas, and arizona markets. construction, acquisition and development loans provide financing for commercial real estate prior to rental income stabilization. the intent is generally that the borrower will sell the project or refinance the loan through a commercial mortgage with northern trust or another financial institution upon completion.
the table below provides additional detail regarding commercial real estate loan types:
table 26: commercial real estate loans                                             december 31,
(in millions)                                     2014                      2013
commercial mortgages:
apartment/multi-family                                        $728.7                     $616.2
office                                                         735.5                      686.0
retail                                                         854.1                      768.0
industrial / warehouse                                         323.7                      318.6
other                                                          125.7                      110.6
total commercial mortgages                                   2,767.7                    2,499.4
construction, acquisition and development loans                256.8                      254.2
single family investment                                       121.3                      110.0
other commercial real estate related                           187.5                       92.2
total commercial real estate loans                          $3,333.3                   $2,955.8
at december 31, 2014, legally binding commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit to commercial real estate borrowers totaled $556.1 million and $110.7 million, respectively. at december 31, 2013, legally binding commitments and standby letters of credit totaled $448.2 million and $97.1 million, respectively.
nonperforming assets and 90 days past due loans nonperforming assets consist of nonperforming loans and other real estate owned (oreo). oreo is comprised of commercial and residential properties acquired in partial or total satisfaction of loans. loans that are delinquent 90 days or more and still
53 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations accruing interest can fluctuate widely at any reporting period based on the timing of cash collections, renegotiations and renewals. the following table presents nonperforming assets and loans that were delinquent 90 days or more and still accruing at december 31, 2014 and each of the prior four year ends.
table 27: nonperforming assets                                                                                                                                                december 31,
(in millions)                                                                                2014                2013                2012                2011                2010
nonperforming loans and leases commercial commercial and institutional                                                                         $15.0               $23.1               $21.6               $31.3               $58.0
commercial real estate                                                                                37.1                49.2                56.4                79.5               116.4
total commercial                                                                                      52.1                72.3                78.0               110.8               174.4
personal residential real estate                                                                             $162.4              $189.1              $174.6              $177.6              $153.3
private client                                                                                         1.2                 1.4                 2.2                 5.3                 5.3
total personal                                                                                       163.6               190.5               176.8               182.9               158.6
total nonperforming loans and leases                                                                 215.7               262.8               254.8               293.7               333.0
other real estate owned                                                                               16.6                11.9                20.3                21.2                45.5
total nonperforming assets                                                                          $232.3              $274.7              $275.1              $314.9              $378.5
90 day past due loans still accruing                                                                 $22.7               $16.4               $19.0               $13.1               $13.0
nonperforming loans and leases to total loans and leases                                              0.68   %            0.89   %            0.86   %            1.01   %            1.18   %
allowance for credit losses assigned to loans and leases to nonperforming loans and leases             1.2   x             1.1   x             1.2   x             1.0   x             1.0   x nonperforming assets of $232.3 million as of december 31, 2014, reflect improved credit quality from the prior year, though they remain elevated from levels preceding the economic downturn of 2008 and its impact on residential property valuations and general economic conditions. the december 31, 2014, loan portfolio reflected improvement in the credit quality of the residential real estate, commercial and institutional and commercial real estate loan classes. in addition to the negative impact on net interest income and the risk of credit losses, nonperforming assets also increase operating costs due to the expense associated with collection efforts. changes in the level of nonperforming assets may be indicative of changes in the credit quality of one or more loan classes. changes in credit quality impact the allowance for credit losses through the resultant adjustment of the specific allowance and of the qualitative factors used in the determination of the inherent allowance levels within the allowance for credit losses.
allowance and provision for credit losses table 28: changes in the allowance for credit losses
(in millions)                                          2014                  2013                  2012
balance at january 1                                            $307.9                $327.6                $328.9
charge-offs                                                      (36.1   )             (59.3   )             (63.0   )
recoveries                                                        18.1                  19.6                  36.7
net charge-offs                                                  (18.0   )             (39.7   )             (26.3   )
provision for credit losses                                        6.0                  20.0                  25.0
balance at december 31                                          $295.9                $307.9                $327.6
the provision for credit losses is the charge to current period earnings that is determined by management, through a disciplined credit review process, to be the amount needed to maintain the allowance for credit losses at an appropriate level to absorb probable credit losses that have been identified with specific borrower relationships (specific loss component) and for probable losses that are believed to be inherent in the loan and lease portfolios, undrawn commitments, and standby letters of credit (inherent loss component).
54 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following table shows the specific portion of the allowance and the allocated inherent portion of the allowance and its components by loan category at december 31, 2014, and at each of the prior four year-ends.
table 29: allocation of the allowance for credit losses december 31,
2014                                    2013                                    2012                                    2011                                    2010
($ in millions)                                                         allowance            percent            allowance            percent            allowance            percent            allowance            percent            allowance            percent amount                 of               amount                 of               amount                 of               amount                 of               amount                 of loans                                   loans                                   loans                                   loans                                   loans to                                      to                                      to                                      to                                      to total                                   total                                   total                                   total                                   total loans                                   loans                                   loans                                   loans                                   loans specific allowance                                                          $21.1                  –   %            $24.9                  –   %            $32.5                  –   %            $47.3                  –   %            $63.7                  –   %
allocated inherent allowance commercial commercial and institutional                                                 73.0                 26                 67.5                 25                 79.2                 25                 90.0                 24                113.6                 21
commercial real estate                                                       69.4                 10                 71.5                 10                 80.6                 10                 77.1                 10                 76.7                 11
lease financing, net                                                          3.6                  3                  4.2                  3                  5.5                  4                  1.8                  3                  1.3                  4
non-u.s.                                                                      3.3                  5                  2.1                  3                  3.4                  4                  4.7                  4                  3.8                  4
other                                                                           –                  1                    –                  2                    –                  1                    –                  1                    –                  1
total commercial                                                            149.3                 45                145.3                 43                168.7                 44                173.6                 42                195.4                 41
personal residential real estate                                                     107.7                 31                118.7                 35                110.9                 35                 92.0                 37                 81.6                 39
private client                                                               17.8                 24                 19.0                 22                 15.5                 21                 16.0                 20                 16.6                 19
other                                                                           –                  –                    –                  –                    –                  –                    –                  1                    –                  1
total personal                                                              125.5                 55                137.7                 57                126.4                 56                108.0                 58                 98.2                 59
total allocated inherent allowance                                         $274.8                100   %           $283.0                100   %           $295.1                100   %           $281.6                100   %           $293.6                100   %
total allowance for credit losses                                          $295.9                100   %           $307.9                100   %           $327.6                100   %           $328.9                100   %           $357.3                100   %
allowance assigned to:
loans and leases                                                           $267.0                                  $278.1                                  $297.9                                  $294.8                                  $319.6
undrawn commitments and standby letters of credit                            28.9                                    29.8                                    29.7                                    34.1                                    37.7
total allowance for credit losses                                          $295.9                                  $307.9                                  $327.6                                  $328.9                                  $357.3
allowance assigned to loans and leases to total loans and leases             0.84   %                                0.95   %                                1.01   %                                1.01   %                                1.14   %
specific component of the allowance: the amount of specific allowance is determined through an individual evaluation of loans and lending-related commitments considered impaired that is based on expected future cash flows, collateral value, and other factors that may impact the borrower’s ability to pay.
at december 31, 2014, the specific allowance component amounted to $21.1 million compared with $24.9 million at the end of 2013. the $3.8 million decrease is primarily attributable to a decrease in nonperforming loans attributable to restructurings and pay-offs as a result of improvement in commercial and institutional, commercial real estate and residential real estate loans, partially offset by additional allowances provided for new and existing nonperforming loans.
the decrease in the specific component of the allowance from $32.5 million in 2012 to $24.9 million in 2013 was primarily attributable to charge-offs and pay-offs, partially offset by additional allowances provided for new and existing nonperforming loans.
inherent component of the allowance: the inherent component of the allowance addresses exposure relating to probable but unidentified credit-related losses. the amount of the inherent loss allowance is based on factors which incorporate management’s evaluation of historical charge-off experience and various qualitative factors such as management’s evaluation of economic and business conditions and changes in the character and size of the loan portfolio.
55 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the historical charge-off experience for each loan category is based on data from the current and preceding three years. qualitative factors reviewed by management include changes in asset quality metrics, the nature and volume of the portfolio, economic and business conditions, and collateral valuations such as property values, as well as other pertinent information. changes in collateral values, delinquency ratios, portfolio volume and concentration, and other asset quality metrics, including management’s subjective evaluation of economic and business conditions, result in adjustments of qualitative allowance factors that are applied in the determination of inherent allowance requirements.
the inherent component of the allowance also covers the credit exposure associated with undrawn loan commitments and standby letters of credit. to estimate the allowance for credit losses on these instruments, management uses conversion rates to determine the estimated amount that will be drawn and assigns an allowance factor determined in accordance with the methodology utilized for outstanding loans.
the inherent portion of the allowance decreased $8.2 million to $274.8 million at december 31, 2014, compared with $283.0 million at december 31, 2013, which decreased $12.1 million from $295.1 million at december 31, 2012. the decrease in 2014 is primarily attributable to improvement in the credit quality of commercial real estate, residential real estate and commercial and institutional loans in certain markets, partially offset by additional allowances established for increased loan volumes in the commercial and institutional and commercial real estate loan classes. the decrease in 2013 reflected improvement in the credit quality of commercial and institutional and commercial real estate loans in certain markets as compared to 2012.
overall allowance: the evaluation of the factors above resulted in a total allowance for credit losses of $295.9 million at december 31, 2014, compared with $307.9 million at the end of 2013. the allowance of $267.0 million assigned to loans and leases, as a percentage of total loans and leases, was 0.84% at december 31, 2014, down from a $278.1 million allowance, representing 0.95% of total loans and leases, at december 31, 2013. allowances assigned to undrawn loan commitments and standby letters of credit totaled $28.9 million and $29.8 million at december 31, 2014, and december 31, 2013, respectively, and are included in other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet.
provision: the provision for credit losses was $6.0 million and net charge-offs totaled $18.0 million in 2014. this compares with a $20.0 million provision for credit losses and net charge-offs of $39.7 million in 2013, and a $25.0 million provision for credit losses and net charge-offs of $26.3 million in 2012.
impaired loans a loan is impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that a creditor will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement or when its terms have been modified as a concession resulting from the debtor’s financial difficulties, referred to as a troubled debt restructuring. as of december 31, 2014, impaired loans totaled $242.2 million and included $151.3 million of loans deemed troubled debt restructurings as compared to total impaired loans of $293.4 million at december 31, 2013, which included $162.5 million of loans deemed troubled debt restructurings. impaired loans had $6.6 million and $10.4 million of the allowance for credit losses allocated to them at december 31, 2014, and december 31, 2013, respectively. impaired loans are measured based upon the loan’s market price, the present value of expected future cash flows, discounted at the loan’s effective interest rate, or at the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. if the loan valuation is less than the recorded value of the loan, dependent upon the level of certainty of loss, either a specific allowance is established or a charge-off is recorded for the difference. smaller balance (individually less than $250,000) homogeneous loans are collectively evaluated for impairment and excluded from impaired loan disclosures as allowed under applicable accounting standards.
critical accounting estimates the use of estimates and assumptions is required in the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap and actual results could differ from those estimates. the sec has issued guidance relating to the disclosure of critical accounting estimates. critical accounting estimates are those that require management to make subjective or complex judgments about the
56 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. changes that may be required in the underlying assumptions or estimates in these areas could have a material impact on northern trust’s future financial condition and results of operations.
for northern trust, accounting estimates that are viewed as critical are those relating to the allowance for credit losses, pension plan accounting, and otti of investment securities. management has discussed the development and selection of each critical accounting estimate with the audit committee of the board.
allowance for credit losses the allowance for credit losses represents management’s estimate of probable losses which have occurred as of the date of the consolidated financial statements. the loan and lease portfolio and other lending-related credit exposures are regularly reviewed to evaluate the level of the allowance for credit losses. in determining an appropriate allowance level, northern trust evaluates the allowance necessary for impaired loans and lending-related commitments and also estimates losses inherent in other lending-related credit exposures.
the allowance for credit losses consists of the following components:
specific allowance: the amount of specific allowance is determined through an individual evaluation of loans and lending-related commitments considered impaired that is based on expected future cash flows, collateral value, and other factors that may impact the borrower’s ability to pay. for impaired loans where the amount of specific allowance, if any, is determined based on the value of the underlying real estate collateral, third-party appraisals are typically obtained and utilized by management. these appraisals are generally less than twelve months old and are subject to adjustments to reflect management’s judgment as to the realizable value of the collateral.
inherent allowance: the amount of inherent allowance is based on factors which incorporate management’s evaluation of historical charge-off experience and various qualitative factors such as management’s evaluation of economic and business conditions and changes in the character and size of the loan portfolio. factors are applied to loan and lease credit exposures aggregated by shared risk characteristics and are reviewed quarterly by northern trust’s loan loss reserve committee which includes representatives from credit risk management, the reporting segments and corporate financial management.
the quarterly analysis of the specific and inherent allowance components and the control process maintained by credit risk management and the lending staff, as described in the “asset quality” section, are the principal methods relied upon by management for the timely identification of, and adjustment for, changes in estimated credit loss levels. in addition to northern trust’s own experience, management also considers regulatory guidance. control processes and analyses employed to determine an appropriate level of allowance for credit losses are reviewed on at least an annual basis and modified as considered appropriate.
loans, leases and other extensions of credit deemed uncollectible are charged to the allowance for credit losses. subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the allowance. determinations as to whether loan balances for which the collectability is in question are charged-off or a specific reserve is established based on management’s assessment as to the level of certainty regarding the amount of loss. the provision for credit losses, which is charged to income, is the amount necessary to adjust the allowance for credit losses to the level deemed to be appropriate through the above process. actual losses may vary from current estimates and the amount of the provision for credit losses may be either greater than or less than actual net charge-offs.
management’s estimates utilized in establishing an appropriate level of allowance for credit losses are not dependent on any single assumption. management evaluates numerous variables, many of which are interrelated or dependent on other assumptions and estimates, in determining an appropriate allowance level. due to the inherent imprecision in accounting estimates, other estimates or assumptions could reasonably have been used in 2014 and changes in estimates are reasonably likely to occur from period to period.
additionally, as an integral part of their examination process, various federal and state regulatory agencies also review the allowance for credit losses. these agencies may require that certain loan balances be classified differently or charged off when their credit evaluations differ from those of management, based on their judgments about information available to them at the
57 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations time of their examination. however, management believes that the allowance for credit losses adequately addresses these uncertainties and has been established at an appropriate level to cover probable losses which have occurred as of the date of the consolidated financial statements.
pension plan accounting northern trust maintains a noncontributory defined benefit pension plan covering substantially all u.s. employees (the qualified plan) and a u.s. noncontributory supplemental pension plan (the nonqualified plan). certain european-based employees also retain benefits in local defined benefit pension plans which are closed to new employees and to future benefit accruals. measuring cost and reporting liabilities resulting from defined benefit pension plans requires the use of several assumptions regarding future interest rates, asset returns, compensation increases, mortality rates, and other actuarial-based projections relating to the plans. due to the long-term nature of this obligation and the estimates that are required to be made, the assumptions used in determining the periodic pension expense and the projected pension obligation are closely monitored and reviewed annually for adjustments that may be required. pension accounting guidance requires that differences between estimates and actual experience be recognized as other comprehensive income in the period in which they occur. the differences are amortized into net periodic pension expense from accumulated other comprehensive income over the future working lifetime of eligible participants. as a result, differences between the estimates made in the calculation of periodic pension expense and the projected pension obligation and actual experience affect stockholders’ equity in the period in which they occur but continue to be recognized as expense systematically and gradually over subsequent periods.
northern trust recognizes the significant impact that these pension-related assumptions have on the determination of the pension obligations and related expense and has established procedures for monitoring and setting these assumptions each year. these procedures include an annual review of actual demographic and investment experience with the pension plans’ actuaries. in addition to actual experience, adjustments to these assumptions consider observable yields on fixed income securities, known compensation trends and policies, as well as economic conditions and investment strategies that may impact the estimated long-term rate of return on plan assets.
in determining the pension expense for the u.s. plans in 2014, northern trust utilized a discount rate of 5.00% for both the qualified plan and the nonqualified plan. the rate of increase in the compensation level is based on a sliding scale that averaged 4.25%. the expected long-term rate of return on qualified plan assets was 7.75%.
in evaluating possible revisions to pension-related assumptions for the u.s. plans as of northern trust’s december 31, 2014, measurement date, the following were considered:
Ÿ                                                         discount rate: northern trust estimates the discount rate for its u.s. pension plans by applying the projected cash flows for future benefit payments to several published discount rate yield curves as of the measurement date. these yield curves are composed of individual zero-coupon interest rates for 60 different time periods over a 30-year time horizon. zero-coupon rates utilized by the yield curves are mathematically derived from observable market yields for aa-rated corporate bonds. the yield curve models referenced by northern trust in establishing the discount rate supported a rate between 3.94% and 4.29%, with an average decrease of 90 basis points over the prior year. as such, northern trust decreased the discount rate for the qualified and nonqualified plans from 5.00% for december 31, 2013, to 4.25% for december 31, 2014.

Ÿ   compensation level: based on a review of actual and anticipated salary experience, the compensation scale assumption is based on a sliding scale that averages 4.25%.

Ÿ                                                         rate of return on plan assets: the expected return on plan assets is based on an estimate of the long-term (30 years) rate of return on plan assets, which is determined using a building block approach that considers the current asset mix and estimates of return by asset class based on historical experience, giving proper consideration to diversification and rebalancing. current market factors such as inflation and interest rates are also evaluated before long-term capital market assumptions are determined. peer data and historical returns are reviewed to check for reasonability and appropriateness. as a result of these analyses, northern trust’s rate of return assumption decreased from 7.75% for 2014 to 7.25% for 2015.

Ÿ   mortality table: northern trust uses the mortality table proposed by the u.s. treasury for use in accordance with the provisions of the pension protection act of 2006 (ppa) for both pre- and post-retirement mortality assumptions. for

58 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations december 31, 2014, northern trust changed from the rp-2000 mortality table with improvement scale aa to the rp-2014 mortality table with improvement scale mp-2014 released by the society of actuaries in october 2014. the updated mortality table and improvement scale apply to annuity payments only and reflect greater projected improvements in life expectancy. mortality assumptions on lump sum payments remain static and continue to be in line with the irs prescribed table for minimum lump sums in 2015.

in order to illustrate the sensitivity of these assumptions on the expected qualified plan periodic pension expense in 2015 and the projected benefit obligation, the following table is presented to show the effect of increasing or decreasing each of these assumptions by 25 basis points.
table 30: sensitivity of qualified pension plan assumptions
(in millions)                                                          25 basis                25 basis point increase          point decrease increase (decrease) in 2015 pension expense discount rate change                                                       (4.1   )                 4.3
compensation level change                                                   1.4                    (1.4   )
rate of return on plan assets change                                       (3.3   )                 3.3
increase (decrease) in 2014 projected benefit obligation discount rate change                                                      (45.7   )                48.4
compensation level change                                                   4.6                    (4.5   )
pension contributions: the deduction limits specified by the internal revenue code for contributions made by sponsors of defined benefit pension plans are based on a “target liability” under the provisions of the ppa. there were no contributions to the qualified plan in 2014 and 2013 due to strong asset performance over the past few years. the minimum required contribution to the qualified plan is expected to be zero in 2015 and for several years thereafter. the maximum deductible contribution is estimated at $150.0 million for 2015.
other-than-temporary impairment of investment securities under gaap, companies are required to perform periodic reviews of securities with unrealized losses to determine whether the declines in value are considered other-than-temporary. for available-for-sale and held-to-maturity securities that management has no intent to sell, and believes it more-likely-than-not that it will not be required to sell, prior to recovery, the consolidated statement of income reflects only the credit loss component of an impairment, while the remainder of the fair value loss is recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income. the credit loss component recognized in earnings is identified as the amount of principal not expected to be received over the remaining term of the security as projected. for debt securities that northern trust intends to sell, or would more-likely-than-not be required to sell, before the expected recovery of the amortized cost basis, the full impairment (that is, the difference between the security’s amortized cost basis and fair value) is recognized in earnings. the application of significant judgment is required in determining the assumptions used in assessing whether an otti exists and, if so, in the calculation of the credit loss component of the otti. assumptions used in this process are inherently subject to change in future periods. different judgments or subsequent changes in estimates could result in materially different impairment loss recognition.
northern trust conducts security impairment reviews quarterly to identify and evaluate those securities within its investment portfolio that have indications of possible otti. a determination as to whether a security’s decline in market value is other-than-temporary takes into consideration numerous factors and the relative significance of any single factor can vary by security. factors northern trust considers in determining whether impairment is other-than-temporary include, but are not limited to, the length of time the security has been impaired; the severity of the impairment; the cause of the impairment and the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer; activity in the market of the issuer which may indicate adverse credit conditions; northern trust’s intent regarding the sale of the security as of the balance sheet date; and the likelihood that it will not be required to sell the security for a period of time sufficient to allow for the recovery of the security’s amortized cost basis.
59 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations credit-related losses recognized in 2014 and 2012 in connection with the write-down of securities totaled $4.2 million and $3.3 million, respectively. there were no credit-related losses recognized in 2013. additional otti may occur in future periods as a result of market and economic conditions.
fair value measurements the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires certain assets and liabilities to be reported at fair value. as of december 31, 2014, approximately 29% of northern trust’s total assets and approximately 1% of its total liabilities were carried on the consolidated balance sheet at fair value. as discussed more fully in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements provided in item 8, “financial statements and supplementary data,” gaap requires entities to categorize financial assets and liabilities carried at fair value according to a three-level valuation hierarchy. the hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted, active market prices for identical assets and liabilities (level 1) and the lowest priority to valuation techniques that require significant management judgment because one or more of the significant inputs are unobservable in the market place (level 3). approximately 14% of northern trust’s assets carried at fair value is classified as level 1; northern trust typically does not hold equity securities or other instruments that are actively traded on an exchange.
approximately 86% of northern trust’s assets and 100% of its liabilities carried at fair value are categorized as level 2, as they are valued using models in which all significant inputs are observable in active markets. investment securities classified as available for sale make up 91.7% of level 2 assets with the remaining 8.3% primarily consisting of derivative financial instruments. level 2 liabilities are comprised solely of derivative financial instruments.
northern trust’s level 2 assets include available for sale and trading account securities, the fair values of which are determined predominantly by external pricing vendors. northern trust has a well-established process to validate prices received from pricing vendors as discussed more fully in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements provided in item 8, “financial statements and supplementary data.”
as of december 31, 2014, all derivative assets and liabilities were classified in level 2 and approximately 97%, measured on a notional value basis, related to client-related and trading activities, predominantly consisting of foreign exchange contracts. derivative instruments are valued internally using widely accepted income-based models that incorporate inputs readily observable in actively quoted markets and reflect contractual terms of contracts. northern trust evaluated the impact of counterparty credit risk and its own credit risk on the valuation of derivative instruments. factors considered included the likelihood of default by northern trust and its counterparties, the remaining maturities of the instruments, net exposures after giving effect to master netting agreements, available collateral, and other credit enhancements in determining the appropriate fair value of derivative instruments. the resulting valuation adjustments are not considered material.
as of december 31, 2014, the fair value of northern trust’s level 3 assets were $18.1 million and represented approximately 0.1% of assets carried at fair value. level 3 assets consist of auction rate securities purchased from northern trust clients. to estimate the fair value of auction rate securities, for which trading is limited and market prices are generally unavailable, northern trust developed and maintains a pricing model that discounts estimated cash flows over their estimated remaining lives. significant inputs to the model include the contractual terms of the securities, credit risk ratings, discount rates, forward interest rates, credit/liquidity spreads, and northern trust’s own assumptions about the estimated remaining lives of the securities. as of december 31, 2014, northern trust had no level 3 liabilities.
while northern trust believes its valuation methods for its assets and liabilities carried at fair value are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions, particularly as applied to level 3 assets, could have a material effect on the computation of their estimated fair values.
implementation of accounting standards information related to recent accounting pronouncements is contained in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements provided in item 8, “financial statements and supplementary data.”
60 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations capital expenditures proposed significant capital expenditures are reviewed and approved by northern trust’s senior management and, where appropriate, by the board. this process is designed to assure that the major projects to which northern trust commits its resources produce benefits compatible with its strategic goals.
capital expenditures in 2014 included ongoing enhancements to northern trust’s software and hardware capabilities, the opening of new offices, and the expansion and renovation of several existing offices. capital expenditures for 2014 totaled $409.5 million, of which $327.6 million was for software, $42.2 million was for computer hardware, $31.6 million was for building and leasehold improvements, and $8.1 million was for furnishings. these capital expenditures principally support and enhance northern trust’s investment management, asset servicing and asset management capabilities, as well as relationship management and client interaction. additional capital expenditures planned for systems technology will result in future expense for the depreciation of hardware and amortization of software. software amortization and depreciation on computer hardware and machinery are charged to equipment and software expense. depreciation on building and leasehold improvements and on furnishings is charged to occupancy expense and equipment expense, respectively. capital expenditures for 2013 totaled $384.9 million, of which $293.0 million was for software, $53.0 million was for computer hardware, $30.5 million was for building and leasehold improvements, and $8.4 million was for furnishings.
off-balance-sheet arrangements assets under custody and assets under management northern trust, in the normal course of business, holds assets under custody, management and servicing in a fiduciary or agency capacity for its clients. in accordance with gaap, these assets are not assets of northern trust and are not included in its consolidated balance sheet.
commitments, letters of credit and securities lent with indemnification northern trust, in the normal course of business, enters into various types of commitments and issues letters of credit to meet the liquidity and credit enhancement needs of its clients. the contractual amounts of these instruments represent the potential credit exposure should the instrument be drawn fully upon and the client default. to control the credit risk associated with entering into commitments and issuing letters of credit, northern trust subjects such activities to the same credit quality and monitoring controls as its lending activities. the following table provides details of northern trust’s off-balance-sheet financial instruments as of december 31, 2014, and 2013.
table 31: summary of off-balance-sheet financial instruments with contract amounts december 31,
(in millions)                                  2014                                                                      2013
undrawn commitments to extend credit one year and less                                                                                       $10,660.1                    $9,336.1
over one year                                                                                            24,467.5                    22,838.7
total                                                                                                   $35,127.6                   $32,174.8
standby letters of credit                                                                                $4,468.1                    $4,451.1
commercial letters of credit                                                                                 20.8                        24.8
custody securities lent with indemnification                                                             98,113.9                    82,673.9
undrawn commitments to extend credit generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses. since a significant portion of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amount does not necessarily represent future loans or liquidity requirements. the following table provides information about the industry sector and expiration dates of undrawn commitments to extend credit as of december 31, 2014.
61 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations table 32: undrawn commitments to extend credit at december 31, 2014 by industry sector commitment expiration
(in millions)                                    total                  one year                  over one                outstanding commitments                  and less                      year                      loans commercial commercial and institutional finance and insurance                         $4,031.5                  $1,887.7                  $2,143.8                     $767.7
holding companies                                 24.6                      16.1                       8.5                       62.8
manufacturing                                  8,068.6                     661.2                   7,407.4                    2,115.5
mining                                           653.9                     138.3                     515.6                      118.9
public administration                             94.1                      62.5                      31.6                      292.1
retail trade                                   1,092.8                     169.5                     923.3                      232.6
services                                       7,123.3                   2,355.6                   4,767.7                    3,689.6
transportation and warehousing                   426.1                      35.3                     390.8                      308.7
utilities                                      1,637.6                      43.6                   1,594.0                       74.0
wholesale trade                                  806.0                      85.0                     721.0                      561.5
other commercial                                 459.4                     199.8                     259.6                      158.5
commercial and institutional (note)           24,417.9                   5,654.6                  18,763.3                    8,381.9
commercial real estate                           556.1                      90.7                     465.4                    3,333.3
lease financing, net                                 –                         –                         –                      916.3
non-u.s.                                       1,309.5                     820.5                     489.0                    1,530.6
other                                            178.2                     178.2                         –                      191.5
total commercial                              26,461.7                   6,744.0                  19,717.7                   14,353.6
personal residential real estate                        1,568.7                     256.9                   1,311.8                    9,782.6
private client                                 7,062.7                   3,624.7                   3,438.0                    7,466.9
other                                             34.5                      34.5                         –                       37.1
total personal                                 8,665.9                   3,916.1                   4,749.8                   17,286.6
total                                         35,127.6                  10,660.1                  24,467.5                   31,640.2
note: commercial and institutional industry sector information is presented on the basis of the north american industry classification system (naics).
standby letters of credit obligate northern trust to meet certain financial obligations of its clients, if, under the contractual terms of the agreement, the clients are unable to do so. these instruments are primarily issued to support public and private financial commitments, including commercial paper, bond financing, initial margin requirements on futures exchanges and similar transactions. northern trust is obligated to meet the entire financial obligation of these agreements and in certain cases is able to recover the amounts paid through recourse against collateral received or other participants. standby letters of credit of $4.5 billion at december 31, 2014, and 2013 include $221.4 million and $208.9 million, respectively, of standby letters of credit secured by cash deposits or participated to others. the weighted average maturity of standby letters of credit was 27 months and 25 months at december 31, 2014, and 2013, respectively.
as part of its securities custody activities and at the direction of its clients, northern trust lends securities owned by clients to borrowers who are reviewed and approved by the northern trust counterparty risk management committee. in connection with these activities, northern trust has issued indemnifications to certain clients against certain losses that are a direct result of a borrower’s failure to return securities when due, should the value of such securities exceed the value of the collateral required to be posted. borrowers are required to collateralize fully securities received with cash or marketable securities. as securities are loaned, collateral is maintained at a minimum of 100% of the fair value of the securities plus accrued interest. the collateral is revalued on a daily basis. the amount of securities loaned subject to indemnification was $98.1 billion and $82.7 billion at december 31, 2014, and 2013, respectively. because of the credit quality of the borrowers and the requirement to collateralize fully securities borrowed, management believes that the exposure to credit loss from this activity is not significant and no liability was recorded at december 31, 2014, or 2013 related to these indemnifications.
additional information about northern trust’s off-balance-sheet financial instruments is included in note 27 to the consolidated financial statements provided in item 8, “financial statements and supplementary data.”
62 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations variable interest entities variable interest entities (vies) are defined within gaap as entities that either have a total equity investment that is insufficient to permit the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support or whose equity investors lack the characteristics of a controlling financial interest. investors that finance a vie through debt or equity interests, or other counterparties that provide other forms of support, such as guarantees, subordinated fee arrangements, or certain types of derivative contracts, are variable interest holders in the entity. the variable interest holder, if any, that has both the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the entity and a variable interest that could potentially be significant to the entity is deemed to be the vie’s primary beneficiary and is required to consolidate the vie.
leveraged leases. in leveraged leasing transactions, northern trust acts as lessor of the underlying asset subject to the lease and typically funds 20-30% of the asset’s cost via an equity ownership in a trust with the remaining 70-80% provided by third party non-recourse debt holders. in such transactions, the trusts, which are vies, are created to provide the lessee use of the property with substantially all of the rights and obligations of ownership. the lessee’s maintenance and operation of the leased property has a direct effect on the fair value of the underlying property, and the lessee also has the ability to increase the benefits it can receive and limit the losses it can suffer by the manner in which it uses the property. as a result, northern trust has determined that it is not the primary beneficiary of these vies given it lacks the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the vies.
tax credit structures. northern trust invests in qualified affordable housing projects and community development entities (collectively, community development projects) that are designed to generate a return primarily through the realization of tax credits. these community development projects are formed as limited partnerships and llcs in which northern trust typically invests as a limited partner/investor member through equity contributions. the economic performance of the community development projects, which are vies, is subject to the performance of their underlying investments and their ability to operate in compliance with the rules and regulations necessary for the qualification of tax credits generated by equity investments. northern trust has determined that it is not the primary beneficiary of any community development projects as it lacks the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the underlying investments or to affect their ability to operate in compliance with the rules and regulations necessary for the qualification of tax credits generated by equity investments. this power is held by the general partners and managing members who exercise full and exclusive control of the operations of the vies.
trust preferred securities. as discussed in further detail in note 13 to the consolidated financial statements provided in item 8, “financial statements and supplementary data,” in 1997, northern trust issued floating rate capital securities, series a and series b, through statutory business trusts wholly-owned by the corporation (ntc capital i and ntc capital ii, respectively). the sole assets of the trusts are subordinated debentures of the corporation that have the same interest rates and maturity dates as the corresponding distribution rates and redemption dates of the floating rate capital securities. ntc capital i and ntc capital ii are considered vies; however, as the sole asset of each trust is a receivable from the corporation and proceeds to the corporation from the receivable exceed the corporation’s investment in the vies’ equity shares, the corporation is not permitted to consolidate the trusts, even though the corporation owns all of the voting equity shares of the trusts, has fully guaranteed the trusts’ obligations, and has the right to redeem the preferred securities in certain circumstances.
investment funds. northern trust acts as asset manager for various funds in which clients of northern trust are investors. as an asset manager of funds, the corporation earns a competitively priced fee that is based on assets managed and varies with each fund’s investment objective. based on its analysis, northern trust has determined that it is not the primary beneficiary of these vies under gaap.
63 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations liquidity and capital resources liquidity risk management the objectives of liquidity risk management are to ensure that northern trust can meet its cash flow obligations under both normal and adverse economic conditions while maintaining its ability to capitalize on business opportunities in a timely and cost effective manner. liquidity risk is the risk of not being able to raise sufficient funds to meet on- and off-balance sheet cash flow obligations when they are due and payable because of firm-specific or market-wide events.
governance and risk management framework northern trust manages its liquidity under a global risk management framework, incorporating regional policies, limits and management when appropriate. corporate liquidity policies, risk appetite and limits are reviewed and approved annually by the board of directors. in connection with the implementation of enhanced prudential standards in january 2015, the board of directors approved a new liquidity management policy establishing the principles and guidelines for the corporation to govern the processes and activities for the management of its liquidity position. the business risk committee receives reports at least quarterly on the corporation’s liquidity risk profile and liquidity risk tolerance. the asset & liability management policy committee (alco) is responsible for recommending liquidity policies to the board, establishing internal liquidity thresholds, assessing northern trust’s overall liquidity status, and reviewing reports, including liquidity stress test results, cash flows and other analyses on a regular basis. the treasury department has the day-to-day responsibility for measuring, analyzing and managing liquidity risk within the thresholds and limits established by alco and the board.
northern trust’s global liquidity management framework focuses on five key areas – position management; liquidity analysis; contingency planning; peer group comparisons; and management reporting – while also providing for the review and management of the liquidity of the corporation separate from that of the bank. it is through this framework that management monitors its sources and uses of liquidity, evaluates their level of stability under various circumstances, plans for adverse situations, benchmarks itself against other banks, provides information to management, and complies with various u.s. and international regulations.
position management includes daily monitoring of cash positions and anticipating future funding requirements given both internal and external events. as the corporation’s principal subsidiary encompassing all of northern trust’s banking activities, the bank centrally manages liquidity for all u.s. and international banking operations. liquidity is provided by a variety of sources, including client deposits (institutional and personal) from our c&is and wealth management businesses, wholesale funding from the capital markets, maturities of short-term investments, federal home loan bank advances, and unencumbered liquid assets that can be sold or pledged to secure additional funds. while management does not view central bank discount windows as primary sources of liquidity, at december 31, 2014, the bank had over $25.5 billion of securities and loans readily available as collateral to support discount window borrowings. the bank is also very active in the u.s. interbank funding market, providing an important source of additional liquidity and low-cost funds. liquidity is used by a variety of activities, including client withdrawals, purchases of securities, net loan growth, and draws on commitments to extend credit. northern trust maintains a very liquid balance sheet, with cash and due from banks, deposits with the federal reserve and other central banks, short-term money market assets and investment securities in aggregate representing 64% of total assets as of december 31, 2014. the market value of unencumbered securities at the bank, which include those placed at the federal reserve discount window, totaled $29.3 billion at december 31, 2014.
liquidity analysis evaluates a bank’s ability to meet its cash flow obligations given a variety of possible internal and external events and under different economic conditions. northern trust uses liquidity analysis to support its contingent liquidity plans, size its liquidity buffer, gain insight into its liquidity position and strengthen its liquidity policies and practices. liquidity analysis is performed using multiple independent scenarios, across major currencies, at a consolidated corporate level and for various international banking subsidiaries. these scenarios, which include both company specific and systemic events, analyze potential impacts on northern trust’s domestic and foreign deposit balances, wholesale funding sources, financial market access, external borrowing capacity and off-balance-sheet obligations. results are reviewed by senior management and alco on a regular basis.
64 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations another important area of northern trust’s liquidity risk management is the development and maintenance of its contingent liquidity plans. a contingent funding plan covering the corporation, bank and major subsidiaries is approved annually by the business risk committee and regularly updated and tested. this plan, which can be activated in the event of an actual liquidity crisis, details organizational responsibilities and defines specific actions designed to ensure the proper maintenance of liquidity during periods of stress. in addition, international banking subsidiaries have individual contingent liquidity plans, which reflect the global plan.
northern trust also analyzes its liquidity profile against a peer group of large u.s. bank holding companies, including other major custody banks. this analysis provides management with benchmarking information, highlights industry trends, and supports the establishment of new policies and strategies.
management regularly reviews various reports, analyses and other information depicting changes in northern trust’s liquidity mix and funding concentrations, overall financial market conditions and other internal and external liquidity metrics. management uses this information to evaluate the overall status of northern trust’s liquidity position and anticipate potential events that could stress that position in the future. an overall liquidity status level for northern trust, established and regularly reviewed by alco, is monitored on an ongoing basis by the treasury department. downgrades in liquidity status resulting from internal, external or industry-wide events, trigger specific pre-determined actions and limits designed to position northern trust to better respond to potential liquidity stresses.
corporation liquidity the liquidity of the corporation is managed separately from that of the bank. the primary sources of cash for the corporation are issuances of debt or equity, dividend payments from the bank and interest earned on investment securities and money market assets. in 2014, the corporation issued series c preferred stock for net proceeds of $388.5 million, and received $300.0 million of dividends from the bank. dividends from the bank are subject to certain restrictions, as discussed in further detail in note 30 to the consolidated financial statements provided in item 8, “financial statements and supplementary data.” the corporation’s uses of cash consist mainly of dividend payments to the corporation’s stockholders; the payment of principal and interest to note holders; repurchases of its common stock; and investments in, or loans, to its subsidiaries. the most significant uses of cash by the corporation during 2014 were debt repayments of $500.0 million related to the may 2014 maturity of 4.63% fixed rate senior notes, $480.7 million of common stock repurchases and $302.9 million of common stock dividends.
the corporation’s liquidity, defined as the amount of cash and highly marketable assets, was $869.4 million and $1.6 billion at december 31, 2014, and 2013, respectively. during, and at year-end, 2014 and 2013, these assets were comprised almost entirely of cash in a demand deposit account at the bank or overnight money market placements, both of which were fully available to the corporation to support its own cash flow requirements or those of its subsidiary companies, as needed. average liquidity during 2014 and 2013 was $1.1 billion and $1.7 billion, respectively. the cash flows of the corporation are shown in note 33 to the consolidated financial statements provided in item 8, “financial statements and supplementary data.”
65 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations a significant source of liquidity for both the corporation and the bank is the ability to draw funding from capital markets globally. the credit ratings of the corporation and the bank as of december 31, 2014, provided below, allow northern trust to access capital markets on favorable terms.
table 33: northern trust credit ratings as of december 31, 2014
credit rating standard &amp;              moody’s                fitchratings poor’s northern trust corporation:
commercial paper                                                            a-1                     p-1                       f1+
senior debt                                                                 a+                      a2                        aa-
subordinated debt                                                           a                       a3                        a+
preferred stock                                                             bbb+                    baa2                      bbb trust preferred capital securities                                          bbb+                    baa1                      bbb+
outlook                                                                     stable                  stable                    stable the northern trust company:
short-term deposit                                                          a-1+                    p-1                       f1+
long-term deposit                                                           aa-                     a1                        aa subordinated debt                                                           a+                      a2                        a+
outlook                                                                     stable                  stable                    stable a significant downgrade in one or more of these ratings could limit northern trust’s access to capital markets and/or increase the rates paid for short-term borrowings, including deposits, and future long-term debt issuances. the size of these rate increases would depend on multiple factors including, the extent of the downgrade, northern trust’s relative debt rating compared to other financial institutions, current market conditions, and other factors. in addition, as discussed in note 25 to the consolidated financial statements provided in item 8, “financial statements and supplementary data,” northern trust enters into certain master netting arrangements with derivative counterparties that contain credit-risk-related contingent features in which the counterparty has the option to declare northern trust in default and accelerate cash settlement of net derivative liabilities with the counterparty in the event northern trust’s credit rating falls below specified levels. the maximum amount of these termination payments that northern trust could have been required to pay at december 31, 2014, was $26.6 million. other than these credit-risk-related contingent derivative counterparty payments, northern trust had no long-term debt covenants or other credit-risk-related payments at december 31, 2014, that would be triggered by a significant downgrade in its debt ratings.
statement of cash flows for the year ended december 31, 2014, net cash provided by operating activities was $936.0 million, primarily the result of period earnings, inclusive of the impact of non-cash charges such as amortization of computer software, partially offset by increased net collateral deposited with derivative counterparties. net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2013, was $839.3 million and was primarily the result of period earnings, inclusive of the impact of non-cash charges, partially offset by increases in net collateral deposited with derivative counterparties and in receivables.
net cash used in investing activities of $8.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014, was primarily attributable to increased levels of federal reserve deposits, net purchases of securities held to maturity and available for sale, and increased levels of loans and leases, partially offset by decreased levels of interest-bearing deposits with banks. the net increase in investment securities and the decrease in interest-bearing deposits with banks primarily reflected the redeployment of investments in bank time deposits to securities. the increase in federal reserve deposits primarily reflected increases in demand and other noninterest-bearing client deposits in 2014.
net cash used in investing activities of $5.7 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013, was primarily attributable to an increase in federal reserve deposits, primarily reflecting increased levels of non-u.s.-office interest-bearing client deposits and short-term other borrowings.
66 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2014, net cash provided by financing activities totaled $7.1 billion, primarily attributable to increased levels of total deposits and proceeds from the issuance of series c preferred stock, partially offset by repayments of senior notes and other long-term debt, the repurchase of common stock pursuant to the corporation’s share repurchase program, and cash dividends paid to common stockholders. the increase in total deposits is attributable to higher levels of demand and other noninterest-bearing client deposits. the decreases in senior notes and other long-term debt reflect the maturity of $500.0 million of fixed-rate senior notes and $135.0 million of repayments of borrowings from the federal home loan bank, respectively.
for the year ended december 31, 2013, net cash provided by financing activities totaled $4.4 billion, primarily reflecting increased levels of total deposits and short-term other borrowings. the increase in the level of total deposits was primarily due to an increase in non-u.s.-office interest-bearing client deposits, partially offset by decreased u.s.-office demand and other noninterest-bearing client deposits from december 31, 2012, levels. the decrease in u.s.-office noninterest-bearing deposits was largely driven by the expiration on december 31, 2012, of the fdic’s temporary liquidity guarantee program which had provided unlimited deposit insurance. the increase in short-term other borrowings in 2013 reflected additional short-term borrowings from the federal home loan bank.
regulatory environment northern trust actively follows regulatory developments and regularly evaluates its liquidity risk management framework against proposed rulemaking and industry best practices in order to comply with applicable regulations and further enhance its liquidity policies. please refer to “liquidity standards” under “supervision and regulation” in item 1, “business” of this annual report on form 10-k for a discussion of applicable liquidity standards.
67 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations contractual obligations the following table shows northern trust’s contractual obligations as of december 31, 2014.
table 34: contractual obligations as of december 31, 2014
payment due by period
(in millions)                            total              one year                 1-3             3-5 years                over 5
and less               years                                       years senior notes(1)                       $1,497.0                    $–                  $–                    $–              $1,497.0
subordinated debt(1)                   1,583.3                 233.7               221.6                 335.0                 793.0
floating rate capital debt(1)            277.2                     –                   –                     –                 277.2
capital lease obligations(2)              39.9                   8.3                16.2                  17.1                  (1.7   )
operating leases(2)                      680.6                  90.7               166.2                 132.3                 291.4
purchase obligations(3)                  366.0                 136.9               187.1                  31.8                  10.2
total contractual obligations         $4,444.0                $469.6              $608.6                $542.5              $2,823.3
note: obligations as shown do not include deposit liabilities or interest requirements on funding sources.
(1) refer to notes 12 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements provided in item 8, “financial statements and supplementary data” for further details.
(2) refer to note 10 to the consolidated financial statements provided in item 8, “financial statements and supplementary data” for further details.
(3) purchase obligations consist primarily of ongoing operating costs related to outsourcing arrangements for certain cash management services and the support and maintenance of the corporation’s technological requirements. certain obligations are in the form of variable rate contracts and, in some instances, 2014 activity was used as a base to project future obligations.
capital management one of northern trust’s primary objectives is to maintain a strong capital position to merit and maintain the confidence of clients, the investing public, bank regulators and stockholders. a strong capital position helps northern trust pursue profitable investment opportunities and withstand unforeseen adverse developments.
northern trust manages its capital on a total corporation basis and on a legal entity basis. the treasury department has the day-to-day responsibility for measuring and managing capital levels within goals and targets established by the capital management policy and the board. the management of capital also involves regional management when appropriate. in establishing the goals and targets for capital, a variety of factors are taken into consideration, including the overall risk of northern trust’s businesses, regulatory requirements, capital levels relative to its peers, and the impact on its credit ratings.
capital levels were strengthened in 2014 as average stockholders’ equity increased $499.5 million, or 7%, reaching $8.2 billion. total stockholders’ equity was $8.4 billion at december 31, 2014, as compared to $7.9 billion at december 31, 2013. in april 2014, the board increased the quarterly common stock dividend by 6% to $0.33 per common share. common dividends totaling $311.7 million were declared in 2014. the corporation purchased 7.5 million shares of its own common stock in 2014 at an average price per share of $64.20, and is authorized by the board to purchase up to 7.1 million additional shares of stock after december 31, 2014. the corporation issued series c preferred stock for net proceeds of $388.5 million in august 2014, and in october 2014, declared $9.5 million of dividends to preferred stockholders, payable january 1, 2015 and covering the five-month period from august through december 2014.
68 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in accordance with basel iii requirements in effect at december 31, 2014, capital ratios are calculated using both the standardized and advanced approaches. for each ratio, the lower of the result calculated under the standardized approach and the advanced approach serves as the effective ratio for purposes of determining capital adequacy. the following table provides a reconciliation of the corporation’s common stockholders’ equity to total risk-based capital and its risk-based capital ratios, under the applicable u.s. regulatory rules as of december 31, 2014, and 2013.
table 35: capital adequacy
($ in millions)                                                                                      december 31, 2014          december 31, 2013(5)
advanced                   standardized approach(3)                    approach(4)
common equity tier 1 capital common stockholders’ equity                                                    $8,060.4                       $8,060.4                      $7,912.0
floating rate capital securities                                                      –                              –                         268.8
net unrealized (gains) losses on securities available for sale                    (22.1   )                      (22.1   )                      (6.0   )
net unrealized (gains) losses on cash flow hedges                                   3.8                            3.8                          (2.9   )
goodwill and other intangible assets, net of deferred tax liability              (497.0   )                     (497.0   )                    (578.5   )
pension and other postretirement benefit adjustments                              272.8                          272.8                         260.3
other                                                                              (4.6   )                       (4.6   )                      (0.5   )
total common equity tier 1                                                      7,813.3                        7,813.3                       7,853.2
additional tier 1 capital preferred stock                                                                   388.5                          388.5                             –
floating rate capital                                                             134.5                          134.5                             –
other                                                                             (18.3   )                      (18.7   )                         –
total additional tier 1 capital                                                   504.7                          504.3                             –
total tier 1 capital                                                            8,318.0                        8,317.6                       7,853.2
tier 2 capital qualifying allowance for credit losses                                                –                          274.7                         283.0
qualifying subordinated debt                                                    1,009.1                        1,009.1                       1,158.7
floating rate capital                                                             134.5                          134.5                             –
other                                                                             (12.4   )                      (12.9   )                         –
total tier 2 capital                                                            1,131.2                        1,405.4                       1,441.7
total risk-based capital                                                       $9,449.2                       $9,723.0                      $9,294.9
risk-weighted assets(1)                                                       $62,896.9                      $62,651.2                     $58,773.8
total assets – end of period (eop)                                            109,946.5                      109,946.5                     102,947.3
adjusted average fourth quarter assets(2)                                     106,814.0                      106,814.0                      99,074.9
total loans and leases – eop                                                   31,640.2                       31,640.2                      29,385.5
common stockholders’ equity to:
total loans and leases – eop                                                      25.48   %                      25.48   %                     26.92   %
total assets – eop                                                                 7.33                           7.33                          7.69
risk-based capital ratios tier 1                                                                             13.2   %                       13.3   %                      13.4   %
total (tier 1 and tier 2)                                                          15.0                           15.5                          15.8
common equity tier 1                                                               12.4                           12.5                          12.9
leverage                                                                            n/a                            7.8                           7.9
(1) risk-weighted assets exclude, as applicable under each regulatory approach, amounts primarily related to goodwill, certain other intangible assets, and net unrealized gains or losses on securities and reflect adjustments for excess allowances for credit losses that have been excluded from tier 1 and tier 2 capital, if any.
(2) adjusted average fourth quarter assets exclude amounts primarily related to goodwill, other intangible assets, and net unrealized gains or losses on securities.
(3) effective with the second quarter of 2014, northern trust exited its parallel run. accordingly, the december 31, 2014, capital balances and ratios are calculated in compliance with the basel iii advanced approach final rules released by the federal reserve board on july 2, 2013.
(4) standardized approach capital components in 2014 are determined by basel iii phased in requirements and risk weighted assets are determined by basel i requirements. the december 31, 2014, ratios calculated under the standardized approach comply with the final rules released by the federal reserve board on july 2, 2013.
(5) the december 31, 2013, capital balances and ratios were calculated in accordance with basel i requirements.
as of december 31, 2014, and 2013, the corporation’s capital ratios exceeded the minimum requirements for classification as “well-capitalized” under applicable u.s. regulatory requirements. further information regarding the corporation’s and the bank’s capital ratios and the minimum requirements for classification as “well-capitalized” is provided in the “supervision and regulation” section of item 1, “business” and note 32 to the consolidated financial statements provided in item 8, “financial statements and supplementary data.”
69 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the parallel run of the risk-based capital framework demonstrated that the use of the advanced approaches methodologies, inclusive of commitments the corporation provided to the federal reserve board regarding the corporation’s approach to the calculation of risk-weighted assets, did not result in tier 1 or total risk-based capital ratios falling below the levels required for categorization as “well-capitalized.” as of december 31, 2014, the corporation’s common equity tier 1 capital ratio as calculated under the advanced approaches methodologies would have been 11.9% on a fully phased-in basis, while the corporation’s common equity tier 1 capital ratio under the standardized approach would have been 10.5% on a fully phased-in basis.
the u.s.’s implementation of basel iii has increased the minimum capital thresholds for banking organizations and tightened the standards for what qualifies as capital. the corporation and the bank believe their capital strength, balance sheets and business models leave them well positioned for the continued u.s. implementation of basel iii.
risk management risk management overview northern trust employs an integrated enterprise risk management framework to support its strategies. the framework provides a methodology to identify, assess, monitor, measure, manage and report both internal and external risks to northern trust, and promotes a risk culture that encompasses the general awareness, attitude and behavior of employees to risk and the management of risk within the organization. the key risk categories that are inherent in northern trust’s business activities include: credit, operational, fiduciary, compliance, market, liquidity, and strategic risk. please refer to “liquidity and capital resources” in “management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations” for a discussion of liquidity risk management.
northern trust reinforces a culture of effective risk management through training and developing employees and evaluating and rewarding employee performance.
risk governance and oversight risk governance is an integral aspect of corporate governance at northern trust, and includes clearly defined accountabilities, expectations, internal controls and processes for risk-based decision-making and escalation of issues. the diagram below provides a high-level overview of northern trust’s risk governance structure, highlighting the oversight of the board and key risk-related committees.
table 36: risk governance structure northern trust corporation board of directors audit                business risk            business strategy            compensation and benefit committee            committee                committee                    committee global enterprise risk committee (gerc)
credit risk                   operational risk          fiduciary risk          compliance &amp; ethics          asset &amp; liability management committee          committee                 committee               oversight committee              management policy committee the board provides oversight of risk management directly and through certain of its committees: the audit committee, the business risk committee, the business strategy committee and the compensation and benefits committee.
the business risk committee assumes primary responsibility and oversight with respect to credit risk, operational risk, fiduciary risk, compliance risk, market risk and liquidity risk, and the business strategy committee provides oversight with respect to strategic risk for the corporation and its subsidiaries. the audit committee provides oversight with respect to financial reporting and legal risk, while the compensation and benefits committee oversees the development and operation of northern trust’s incentive compensation program. the compensation and benefits committee annually reviews management’s assessment of the effectiveness of the design and performance of northern trust’s incentive compensation
70 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations arrangements and practices in providing risk-taking incentives that are consistent with northern trust’s safety and soundness. this assessment includes an evaluation of whether northern trust’s incentive compensation arrangements and practices discourage inappropriate risk taking behavior by participants.
the chief risk officer (cro) oversees northern trust’s management of risk, promotes risk awareness and fosters a proactive risk management environment wherein risks inherent in the business strategy are understood and appropriately monitored and mitigated. the cro reports directly to the business risk committee and the corporation’s chief executive officer. the cro regularly advises the business risk committee and reports to the committee at least quarterly on risk exposures, risk management deficiencies and emerging risks. in accordance with the enterprise risk management framework, the executive management team of northern trust together with the general auditor and other business leaders meet as the global enterprise risk committee (gerc) to provide executive management oversight and guidance with respect to the management of the categories of risk overseen by the business risk committee and the business strategy committee. among other risk management responsibilities, gerc receives reports or recommendations from senior risk committees that are responsible for the management of risk, and from time to time may delegate responsibility to such committees for risk issues. senior risk committees include:
the credit risk management committee establishes and monitors credit-related policies and practices throughout northern trust and promotes their uniform application. the credit risk management committee is chaired by the chief credit officer, and members include the cro, the treasurer, the chief operational risk officer, the controller, and various functional risk and business management leaders.
the operational risk committee (orc) provides independent oversight and is responsible for setting the corporate operational risk management policy and developing the operational risk management framework and programs that support the coordination of operational risk activities to identify, monitor, measure, manage and report on operational risk. at orc, senior management reviews and discusses operational risks including existing and emerging issues. the orc also is responsible for coordinating operational risk issues related to compliance and fiduciary risks.
the fiduciary risk committee (frc) is responsible for establishing and reviewing the fiduciary risk policies and establishing the fiduciary risk framework, governance and programs that support the coordination of fiduciary risk activities to identify, monitor, manage and report on fiduciary risk. at frc, senior management reviews and discusses fiduciary risks including existing and emerging issues.
the compliance & ethics oversight committee provides oversight and direction with respect to compliance policies, implementation of the compliance and ethics program, and the coordination of regulatory compliance initiatives across the corporation. this committee may also resolve significant interpretive issues regarding compliance in situations where specific compliance policies do not provide for or allow resolution of the issue by another individual or committee.
the asset & liability management policy committee (alco) establishes and monitors northern trust’s market and liquidity risk frameworks and policies as well as actively manages northern trust’s market and liquidity risks through oversight of the implementation of approved asset and liability management strategies. at alco, senior management reviews and discusses northern trust’s market risk profile as well as various scenario analyses. alco establishes and monitors guidelines based on measures such as simulation of earnings (soe), sensitivity of economic value of equity (seve), value-at-risk (var) and notional position sizes.
in addition to the aforementioned committees, northern trust deploys business and regional risk committees that also report into gerc.
71 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations risk identification and risk management process northern trust utilizes a risk classification system called the “risk universe” to identify and classify the risks that it inherently faces. the risk universe forms the basis of common risk language and provides a consistent framework for the definition and categorization of risk and the organization of risk management activities. the risk universe supports risk management at all levels and enables risks to be clearly and consistently identified, categorized, assessed, managed and reported to line management, corporate risk and committees. the risk universe is reviewed and approved at least annually by gerc and the board of directors.
as part of the integrated enterprise risk framework, northern trust has established four key processes as described below.
risk appetite: northern trust defines the organization’s risk appetite as the amount and types of risk that it is willing to assume in its exposures and business activities to achieve its strategic and financial objectives. risk appetite is a tool to measure northern trust’s willingness to take risk and reflects northern trust’s tolerance of certain levels of risk exposures as measured at the enterprise and business level, as applicable. northern trust’s corporate risk appetite statement is established by senior management and reviewed and approved at least annually by the board of directors. the corporate risk appetite statement reflects northern trust’s expectation that risk is consciously considered as part of day-to-day activities and strategic decisions. northern trust manages its business activities consistent with the risk appetite statement, in which specific guidelines are detailed for credit, operational, fiduciary, compliance, market, liquidity, and strategic risk. gerc reviews the measurement and assessment of risk within the corporation and against northern trust’s corporate risk appetite statement. when appropriate, gerc addresses emerging risk issues and directs risk mitigation actions.
assessment of risks: northern trust’s risk assessment process consists of a series of programs that identify, manage and measure risks. risk assessments are performed on a regular basis by business risk management and facilitated by the risk management function. the risk assessment process draws on the input of management, staff and risk personnel across the business, focusing on the inherent drivers of risk, the effectiveness of controls and the resulting residual risks.
risk management embedding: risk management processes extend beyond risk assessment and measurement, and are embedded in strategic and business planning and decision-making. although the risk management function sets the direction for northern trust’s risk management activities, northern trust’s businesses are the first line of defense for protecting it against the risks inherent in its businesses and are supported by dedicated business risk management teams.
risk reporting, review and communication: the risk reporting, review and communication process produces risk reports that provide updates on the risk profile, performance against risk guidelines and thresholds, and analysis and trend information, all of which highlight top and emerging risks for management and the board. risk reporting includes a robust escalation process to alert senior management of significant issues.
risk control risk control is an internal, independent review function within the risk management function. risk control is managed by the chief risk control officer is comprised of the following four groups, each with its own risk focus and oversight. the business risk committee oversees risk control and each of the groups below.
model risk management financial and risk modeling are used by northern trust to inform numerous decisions regarding risk management, as well as capital estimation, financial reporting and disclosure, valuation and pricing and portfolio management. model risk may result from decisions based on models that produce incorrect results or models that are improperly used. model risk management is responsible for independently validating new models and reviewing and re-validating existing models. validations are documented and include an assessment of the conceptual soundness of the modeling approach, outcomes analysis, applicability of use, model assumptions and limitations, development documentation, ongoing monitoring and
72 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations model controls. oversight of model risk management is provided by the orc as northern trust considers model risk to be an operational risk.
basel independent verification the basel independent verification program promotes rigor and accuracy in the corporation’s ongoing compliance with basel requirements. the program independently verifies the corporation’s advanced systems in order to comply with the qualification requirements related to the advanced internal ratings based approach for credit risk and the advanced measurement approach for operational risk. the basel independent verification program assesses the effectiveness of the credit risk, operational risk, market risk, capital adequacy and disclosure frameworks. the basel independent verification team presents an annual assessment report of its findings to the board of directors or its designated committee, who is required to review and approve the effectiveness of the advanced systems each year.
credit review credit review provides an independent, ongoing assessment of credit exposure and related credit risk management processes across northern trust. the scope of credit review activities includes all client-related transactions that give rise to credit exposure and processes that are designed to manage or monitor such exposure. credit exposure includes credit risk inherent in the entire portfolio, as well as individual credits or transactions in the form of direct outstandings, potential exposure and contingent liabilities that are on- or off-balance sheet.
global compliance testing global compliance testing evaluates the effectiveness of procedures and controls designed to comply with relevant laws and regulations, as well as corresponding northern trust policies governing regulatory compliance activities. global compliance testing identifies weaknesses that could result in regulatory compliance violations or risks to northern trust’s businesses and monitors action plans designed to mitigate those weaknesses. oversight of global compliance testing activities is provided by the compliance & ethics oversight committee. also included is a basel verification program that promotes rigor and accuracy in the corporation’s ongoing compliance with basel requirements. the program assesses the effectiveness of the credit risk, operational risk, market risk, capital adequacy and disclosure frameworks.
audit services audit services is an independent control function that assesses and validates controls within northern trust’s enterprise risk management framework. audit services is managed by the general auditor with oversight from the audit committee. audit services tests the overall adequacy and effectiveness of the system of internal controls, associated with the advanced systems, on an ongoing basis and reports the results of these audits directly to the audit committee. audit services includes professionals with a broad range of audit and industry experience, including risk management expertise. the general auditor reports directly to the audit committee and the corporation’s chief executive officer.
credit risk credit risk is the risk to interest income or principal from the failure of a borrower or counterparty to perform on an obligation.
credit risk overview credit risk is inherent in many of northern trust’s activities. a significant component of credit risk relates to the securities portfolio and loan portfolio. in addition, credit risk is inherent in certain contractual obligations such as legally binding commitments to extend credit, commercial letters of credit and standby letters of credit. northern trust’s loan portfolio differs significantly from those of other large u.s. financial institutions and is generally more conservative in terms of credit risk. in particular, northern trust is generally:
Ÿ   not an originator of loan products to be sold into a secondary market or to be bundled into asset securitizations;

73 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
Ÿ   not an agent bank or syndicator of loans, where risk management is achieved post-close through the sale of participations; and

Ÿ   not a participant in leveraged financial transactions, such as project finance, private-equity-originated acquisition financing or hedge fund leveraging.

credit risk framework and governance the credit risk management function is the focal point of the credit risk management framework and while independent of the businesses, it works closely with them to achieve the goal of assuring proactive credit risk management. this function approves policies, establishes the credit risk framework and monitors adherence to corporate policies, external regulations and established procedures. credit risk management reports directly to the cro. independent oversight and review of the credit risk framework is provided by risk control.
the credit risk management function provides a system of checks and balances for northern trust’s diverse credit-related activities by monitoring these activities and practices and promoting their uniform application throughout northern trust. these activities are designed to diversify credit exposure on an industry and client basis and reduce overall credit risk.
the credit risk framework provides authorities for approval of the extension of credit. individual credit authority for commercial and personal loans is limited to specified amounts and maturities. credits exceeding individual authority because of amount, rating, term or other conditions, are referred to the relevant group credit approval committee. credit decisions involving exposure in excess of these limits require the approval of the senior credit committee.
the counterparty risk management committee has sole credit authority for the approval, modification, or renewal of credit exposure to all wholesale market counterparties.
credit risk measurement an integral component of credit risk measurement is northern trust’s internal risk rating system. northern trust’s internal risk rating system enables identification, measurement, approval and monitoring of credit risk. northern trust uses the advanced internal rating-based approach to calculate regulatory capital using regulatory formulas and exposure level risk information from northern trust’s internal rating system. calculations include entity-specific information about the obligor’s or counterparty’s probability of default and exposure-specific information about loss given default, exposure at default and maturity. northern trust’s internal risk rating system is intended to rank its credit risk without any modeled linkage to external credit ratings.
the credit risk management function is responsible for the ongoing oversight of each model that supports the internal risk-rating system. this includes the development, monitoring and maintenance of the models, as well as providing information to the credit risk management committee to support model approval and monitoring of ongoing model performance. independent model governance and oversight is further supported by the activities of risk control.
loans and other extensions of credit a significant component of credit risk relates to the loan portfolio, including contractual obligations such as legally binding commitments to extend credit, commercial letters of credit, and standby letters of credit. these contractual obligations and arrangements are discussed in note 27 to the consolidated financial statements provided in item 8, “financial statements and supplementary data” and in the “off-balance-sheet arrangements” section of “management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.”
as part of its credit process, northern trust utilizes an internal borrower risk rating system to support identification, approval, and monitoring of credit risk. borrower risk ratings are used in credit underwriting, management reporting, setting of loss allowances, and economic capital calculations. borrower risk ratings are discussed further in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements.
the credit risk management function oversees a range of portfolio reviews that focus on significant and/or weaker-rated credits. this approach allows management to take remedial action in an effort to deal with potential problems. in addition, independent from the credit risk management function, credit review, as part of risk control, undertakes both on-site and off-site file reviews that evaluate effectiveness of management’s implementation of the credit risk management’s requirements.
74 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations northern trust maintains a loan portfolio watch list for credits with borrower ratings of “6 to 9.” these credits, which include all nonperforming credits, are expected to exhibit minimally acceptable probabilities of default, elevated risk of default, or are currently in default. loans outstanding to watch list borrowers associated with these risk profiles that are not currently in default but have limited financial flexibility totaled $421.2 million at december 31, 2014. cash flows and capital levels range from acceptable to potentially insufficient to meet current requirements and borrowers typically have minimal cushion in adverse down cycle scenarios. an integral part of the credit risk management function is a formal review of past due and potential problem loans to determine which credits, if any, need to be placed on nonperforming status or charged off.
counterparty credit risk counterparty credit risk for northern trust primarily arises from over-the-counter (otc) currency and interest rate derivatives and from indemnified securities lending transactions, which in turn are derived from a variety of funding, treasury, trading and custody-related activities. credit exposure to counterparties is managed by use of a framework for setting limits by product type and exposure tenor.
to calculate exposure, northern trust treats repurchase agreements, reverse repurchase agreements and indemnified securities lending transactions as repo-style transactions. foreign exchange exposures and interest rate derivatives are treated as otc derivatives. the exposure at default measurement methodology for each eligible type of counterparty credit exposure, including the use of netting and collateral as risk mitigants, is determined based on operational requirements, the characteristics of the contract type and the portfolio size and complexity.
credit risk mitigation northern trust considers cash flow to be the primary source of repayment for client-related credit exposures. however, northern trust employs several different types of credit risk mitigants to manage its overall credit risk in the event cash flow is not sufficient to repay a credit exposure. northern trust has policies in place to ensure that credit risk mitigation is appropriately recognized, recorded and monitored. recognition of credit risk mitigants in capital estimations is dependent upon the form of mitigation. northern trust broadly groups its risk mitigation techniques into the following three primary categories.
physical and financial collateral: northern trust’s primary risk mitigation approaches include the requirement of collateral and/or documented guarantees. liquidation of collateral that is securing credit risk exposures is considered in northern trust’s estimation of loss given default. residential and commercial real estate exposures are typically secured by properly margined mortgages on the property. in cases where loans to commercial or certain wealth management clients are secured by marketable securities, the daily values of the securities are monitored closely to ensure adherence to collateral coverage policies. the frequency of collateral valuation increases commensurate with the volatility of the collateral’s value.
netting: on-balance sheet netting is employed on a limited basis. netting is primarily related to foreign exchange transactions with major banks and institutional clients subject to eligible master netting agreements. a sub-set of these arrangements are conducted under an isda credit support annex. northern trust has elected to take the credit risk mitigation capital benefit of netting within its regulatory capital calculation at this time.
guarantees: personal and corporate guarantees are often taken to facilitate potential collection efforts and to protect northern trust’s claims relative to other creditors. northern trust may also recognize “implied support,” where the commitment provided is less than that of a legally enforceable guarantee, in its assignment of borrower probability of default as permitted under u.s. supervisory guidance. northern trust has elected not to take the credit risk mitigation capital benefit of guarantors within its regulatory capital calculation at this time.
75 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations another important risk management practice is the avoidance of undue concentrations of exposure, such as in any single (or small number of related) obligor/counterparty, loan type, industry, geography, country or risk mitigant. processes are in place to establish limits on certain concentrations and the monitoring of adherence to the limits.
operational risk operational risk is the risk of loss from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems, or from external events.
operational risk overview operational risk is inherent in each of northern trust’s businesses and corporate functions and reflects the potential for inadequate information systems, operating problems, product design and delivery difficulties, or catastrophes to result in unexpected losses. operational risk includes:
Ÿ   execution, delivery and process management risk;

Ÿ   risk resulting from business disruption and system failures;

Ÿ   risk of damage to physical assets;

Ÿ   risk resulting from clients, products and business practices;

Ÿ   employment practice and workplace safety risk;

Ÿ   internal fraud risk;

Ÿ   external fraud risk;

Ÿ   compliance risk;

Ÿ   fiduciary risk; and

Ÿ   legal risk.

operational risk includes compliance, fiduciary and legal risks, which under the corporation’s risk structure are governed and managed explicitly.
to monitor and control operational risk, northern trust maintains a framework that consists of risk management policies, programs and practices designed to promote a sound operational environment.
northern trust’s operational risk management strategy is to:
Ÿ   align the operational risk framework with evolving business and industry practice and with regulatory requirements;

Ÿ   identify, assess and mitigate risks inherent in business strategies;

Ÿ   promote risk awareness and foster a proactive risk management environment within each business; and

Ÿ   report key topics and developments to senior governance bodies.

the goal of these activities is to keep the operational risk profile and losses within the board-approved corporate risk appetite statement and guidelines.
the operational risk management function is responsible for defining the operational risk framework and providing independent oversight of the framework across northern trust. it is the responsibility of each business to implement the corporate-wide operational risk framework as well as business specific risk management programs to identify, monitor, measure, and manage operational risk and mitigate northern trust’s exposure to loss. risk control provides independent oversight and review.
operational risk framework and governance the orc is responsible for overseeing the activities of northern trust related to the management of operational risk. this committee has the expanded role of coordinating operational risk issues related to compliance and fiduciary risks. the purpose of this committee is to provide executive management’s insight and guidance to the management of existing and emerging operational risks.
76 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations orc is responsible for setting the corporate operational risk management policy and approving the operational risk management framework and programs that support the coordination of operational risk activities to identify, monitor, measure, manage and report on operational risk. in addition, orc serves as an escalation point for significant issues raised by its programs.
operational risk is identified, monitored, measured, managed and mitigated through the operational risk framework. the framework is deployed consistently and globally across all businesses and its objective is to identify and measure the factors that impact risk and drive action to reduce future loss events. several key programs support the operational risk framework, including:
Ÿ                                                            loss event data program – a program that collects loss data for use in monitoring operational risk exposure, various business analyses and a basel advanced management approach (ama) capital quantification. both internal and external loss data are used in the operational risk capital quantification. thresholds drive analysis, action and escalation through northern trust’s businesses and operational risk management.

Ÿ               risk and control self-assessment – a structured risk management process used by northern trust’s the businesses to analyze the risks that are present in their respective business environments, processes and activities and to assess the adequacy of associated internal controls.

Ÿ                                                           operational risk scenario analysis – a systematic process of obtaining expert opinions from business managers and risk management experts to derive reasoned assessments of the likelihood of occurrence and the potential loss impact of plausible high-severity operational losses. this practice facilitates management’s consideration of operational risk to which the business is exposed and the potential impact and response to such events.

Ÿ             product and process risk management program – a program used for evaluating and managing risks associated with the introduction of new and modified noncredit products and services, significant changes to operating processes, and proposed business process outsourcing arrangements.

Ÿ   outsourcing risk management program – a program that provides processes for appropriate risk assessment, measurement, monitoring and management of outsourced technology and business process outsourcing.

Ÿ     business process transition risk management program – a program designed to effectively manage the risk associated with transitioning and migrating business processes to different geographic or jurisdictional locations within the organization.

Ÿ   information security and technology risk management – a program that communicates and implements compliance and risk management processes and controls to address information security and technology risks to the organization.

Ÿ   significant new business opportunity – a program that assesses the resource requirements, impact on systems and controls, and other risk factors prior to taking on significant new business.

Ÿ   operational concentration risk management – a program that provides an assessment of process concentrations within the corporation.

Ÿ   fraud prevention program – a program that provides tools, advice, and guidance to northern trust’s businesses to help mitigate fraud risk.

Ÿ   business continuity management program – a program designed to minimize business impact and support the resumption of mission critical functions for clients following an incident.

Ÿ   insurance - a transfer of some operational risk that may reduce the monetary impact of certain operational loss events. as discussed in risk control, model risk management also is part of the operational risk framework.

operational risk measurement northern trust utilizes a basel ama capital quantification process to estimate required capital for the corporation and applicable u.s. banking subsidiaries. northern trust’s ama capital quantification process incorporates outputs from the loss event data, risk and control self-assessment and operational risk scenario analysis programs to derive required capital. while internal loss data is the foundation for the capital quantification, external loss data is also utilized to inform the creation of scenario analysis data employed in the capital quantification process. business environment and internal control factor information is used to estimate loss frequency and as an adjustment to capital estimates. the ama capital quantification process uses a loss distribution approach methodology to combine frequency and severity distributions to arrive at an estimate of the potential aggregate loss at the 99.9th percentile over a one-year time horizon.
77 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations information security northern trust’s approach to information security begins at a governance level with its organizational structure and support from executive management and risk committees comprising members from across the business. in addition, technology risk is mitigated not only through a strong governance process, but also internal controls and risk management practices designed to keep risk at levels appropriate to northern trust’s overall risk appetite and the inherent risk in the markets in which northern trust operates. the desired control environment is expressed through northern trust’s policies, standards and guidelines that together define its tolerance for risk. each business is responsible for complying with these policies, standards and guidelines, as well as external regulations. where appropriate, these policies, standards and guidelines contain limits and benchmarks to facilitate the measurement, monitoring and reporting of risk.
effective management of information and technology risk is crucial in an environment of increasing threat and requires a structured approach to establish and communicate expectations and required practices. northern trust employees are responsible for promoting information security and following sound technology risk management practices as well as adhering to applicable policies and standards and other means provided to them to safeguard electronic information and business systems within their care. training and awareness programs to educate employees on information security are on-going and include multiple approaches such as mandatory computer based training. in cases where northern trust relies on vendors to perform services, controls are routinely reviewed for alignment with industry standards and their ability to protect information. any findings identified are remediated, following a risk-based approach, both swiftly and thoroughly.
in addition to the various information security controls managed and monitored within the organization, northern trust uses external third party security teams on a regular basis to assess effectiveness. these teams perform penetration tests, security reviews and susceptibility to social engineering attacks such as spear phishing. northern trust also employs an externally managed threat identification and alert system. this system aggregates security threat information from systems and platforms across the business, and alerts the organization to threats. northern trust maintains a cyber incident response plan that is followed in response to identified threats.
business resiliency northern trust’s business resiliency approach encompasses business continuity and disaster recovery processes enterprise-wide (including staff, technology and facilities) to ensure that following a disaster or business interruption northern trust resumes mission-critical business functions and fulfills all regulatory and legal requirements.
northern trust’s business resiliency mitigation and preventative measures include sophisticated physical security, resilient designs and peer capacity for its corporate data centers, a highly redundant worldwide network, robust network security, resiliency centers that offer alternative workstations, transfer of work and work-from-home programs that provide further capability by allowing staff to work from home.
all of northern trust’s businesses are required to regularly risk-assess their critical functions and develop business continuity plans covering resource requirements (people, systems and other assets), arrangements for obtaining these resources and prioritizing the resumption of each function in compliance with corporate standards. all businesses test their plans at least annually.
orc annually reviews and presents the corporate business continuity plan to the business risk committee.
fiduciary risk fiduciary risks are risks arising from the failure, in administering or managing financial and other assets in clients’ fiduciary accounts: i) to adhere to a fiduciary standard of care if required under the terms of governing documents or applicable laws; or ii) to properly discharge fiduciary duties. fiduciary status may hinge on the nature of a particular function being performed and fiduciary standards may vary by jurisdiction, type of relationship and governing document.
fiduciary risk overview the fiduciary risk management program identifies, assesses, measures and monitors fiduciary risk. fiduciary risk is mitigated through internal controls and risk management practices that are designed to identify, understand and keep such risk at levels
78 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations consistent with the organization’s overall risk appetite while also managing the inherent risk in each relationship for which northern trust serves in a fiduciary capacity. each business is responsible for complying with all corporate policies and external regulations for establishing specific policies, standards and guidelines to manage fiduciary risk within the desired risk appetite level, and as specifically appropriate for each fiduciary relationship; and for establishing procedures for enhanced review in the event a product or relationship involves either unique or more complex fiduciary risks. the corporate fiduciary risk program framework utilizes existing corporate and business risk management tools to measure and guide the assessment of fiduciary risk in the businesses.
fiduciary risk framework and governance the frc is responsible for establishing and reviewing the fiduciary risk policies and establishing the fiduciary risk framework, governance and programs that support the coordination of fiduciary risk activities to identify, monitor, manage and report on fiduciary risk. at frc, senior management reviews and discusses fiduciary risks including existing and emerging issues. in addition, frc serves as an escalation point for significant issues raised by its subcommittees.
compliance risk compliance risk is the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, financial loss, or damage to reputation resulting from failure to comply with laws, regulations, rules, other regulatory requirements, or codes of conduct and other standards of self-regulatory organizations applicable to northern trust. compliance risk includes the following two subcategories:
Ÿ   regulatory risk – risk arising from failure to comply with prudential and conduct of business or other regulatory requirements.

Ÿ   financial crime risk – risk arising from financial crime (e.g., money laundering, sanctions violations, fraud, insider dealing, theft, etc.) in relation to the products, services, or accounts of the institution, its clients, or others associated with the same.

compliance risk framework and governance the compliance risk management framework identifies, assesses, controls, measures, monitors and reports on compliance risk. the framework is designed to minimize compliance risk and maintain an environment in which criminal or regulatory violations do not occur. the framework includes a comprehensive governance structure and a compliance and ethics program approved by the business risk committee.
each business is responsible for the implementation and effectiveness of the compliance and ethics program and specific compliance policies within their respective businesses. each business is responsible for its respective partners’ compliance with corporate policies and external regulations and for establishing specific procedures, standards and guidelines to manage compliance risk in accordance with northern trust’s compliance and ethics program.
the compliance and ethics oversight committee establishes and monitors adherence to northern trust’s compliance and ethics program. the chief compliance and ethics officer reports to the business risk committee as appropriate and chairs the compliance and ethics oversight committee.
market risk there are two types of market risk. interest rate risk is the potential for movements in interest rates to cause changes in earnings and the economic value of equity. trading risk is the potential for movements in market variables such as foreign exchange and interest rates to cause changes in the value of trading positions.
market risk framework and governance northern trust maintains a market risk framework consisting of risk management policies, programs and practices to keep the market risk profile within the board-approved corporate risk appetite statement. all market risk activities are overseen by the corporate market risk function, which is independent of the businesses undertaking the activities. independent oversight and review of the market risk framework is provided by risk control.
79 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations exposure limits for market risk are set by the board and committee structures have been established to implement and monitor adherence to corporate policies, external regulations and established procedures. alco provides independent oversight and is responsible for developing the market risk management framework and programs that support the coordination of market risk activities to identify, monitor, manage and report on market risk. at alco, senior management reviews and discusses northern trust’s market risk profile as well as various scenario analyses. alco establishes and monitors guidelines based on measures such as simulation of earnings (soe), sensitivity of economic value of equity (seve), value at risk (var) and notional position sizes.
the market risk framework components of risk monitoring, risk reporting and analysis, and risk measurement are discussed below.
interest rate risk overview interest rate risk is the risk to earnings or common capital due to changes in interest rates. changes in interest rates can have a positive or negative impact on earnings depending on the positioning of assets, liabilities and off-balance-sheet instruments. the impact to earnings will primarily come through net interest income, but it can also impact certain types of fees. changes in interest rates also can impact the values of assets, liabilities and off-balance-sheet positions, which indirectly impact the value of capital. to mitigate interest rate risk, the structure of the balance sheet is managed so that movements of interest rates on assets and liabilities (adjusted for hedges) are highly correlated, which allows northern trust’s interest-bearing assets and liabilities to contribute to earnings even in periods of volatile interest rates.
there are four commonly recognized types of interest rate risk:
Ÿ   repricing, which arises from differences in the maturity and repricing terms of assets and liabilities;

Ÿ   yield curve, which arises from changes in the shape of the yield curve;

Ÿ   basis, which arises from the changing relationships between rates earned and paid on different financial instruments with otherwise similar repricing characteristics; and

Ÿ   embedded optionality, which arises from client or counterparty behavior in response to interest rate changes.

interest rate risk measurement, reporting and analysis northern trust uses two primary measurement techniques to manage interest rate risk: soe and seve. simulation of earnings provides management with a short-term view of the impact of interest rate changes on future earnings. simulation of economic value of equity provides management with a long-term view of interest rate changes on the economic value of equity as of the period-end balance sheet. both simulation models use the same initial market interest rates and product balances. these two techniques, which are performed monthly, are complementary and are used in concert to provide a comprehensive interest rate risk management capability.
sensitivity of earnings (soe)
the modeling of soe incorporates on-balance sheet positions, as well as derivative financial instruments (principally interest rate swaps) that are used to manage interest rate risk. northern trust uses market implied forward interest rates as the base case and measures the sensitivity (i.e. change) in earnings if future rates are 100 or 200 basis points higher than base case forward rates. each rate movement is assumed to occur gradually over a one-year period. the 100 basis point increase, for example, consists of twelve consecutive monthly increases of 8.3 basis points. the model simulations also incorporate the following assumptions:
Ÿ                                                 the balance sheet size and mix generally remains constant over the simulation horizon with maturing assets and liabilities replaced with instruments with similar terms as those that are maturing, with the exception of certain products such as securities (the assumed reinvestment of which is determined by management’s strategies); non-maturity deposits, of which some recent increases are assumed to be temporary in nature; and long-term fixed rate borrowings that upon maturity are replaced with overnight wholesale instruments;

Ÿ   prepayments on mortgage loans and securities collateralized by mortgages are projected under each rate scenario using a third-party mortgage analytics system that incorporates market prepayment assumptions;

80 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
Ÿ   cash flows for structured securities are estimated using a third-party vendor in conjunction with the prepayments provided by the third-party mortgage analytics vendor;

Ÿ   non-maturity deposit rates are projected based on northern trust’s actual historical pattern of pricing these products, or based on judgment when there is no appropriate history or when current pricing strategies differ from history;

Ÿ   commercial demand deposits are treated as short-term rate sensitive as these balances may receive an explicit interest rate or an earnings credit that can be applied to fees for services provided by northern trust; and

Ÿ   new business rates are based on current spreads to market indices.

the following table shows the estimated impact on the next twelve months of pre-tax earnings of 100 and 200 basis point upward movements in interest rates relative to forward rates. given the low level of interest rates, the simulation of earnings for rates 100 and 200 basis points lower would not provide meaningful results.
table 37: interest rate risk simulation of pre-tax earnings
(in millions)                                                             increase/(decrease)
estimated impact on next twelve months of pre-tax earnings:
increase in interest rates above market implied forward rates
100 basis points                                                                          $30
200 basis points                                                                           15
stress testing of interest rates is performed to include such scenarios as immediate parallel shocks to rates, nonparallel (i.e. twist) changes to yield curves that results in them becoming steeper or flatter, and changes to the relationship among the yield curves (i.e. basis risk).
the simulations of earnings do not incorporate any management actions that may be used to mitigate negative consequences of actual interest rate movements. for that reason and others, they do not reflect the likely actual results but serve as conservative estimates of interest rate risk. soe is not directly comparable to actual results disclosed elsewhere or directly predictive of future values of other measures provided.
during the year ended december 31, 2014, northern trust did not exceed its soe limits.
sensitivity of economic value of equity (seve)
economic value of equity is defined as the present value of assets minus the present value of liabilities, net of the value of instruments that are used to manage the interest rate risk of balance sheet items. the potential effect of interest rate changes on economic equity is derived from the impact of such changes on projected future cash flows and the present value of these cash flows and is then compared to the established limit. northern trust uses current market rates (and the future rates implied by these market rates) as the base case and measures seve if current rates are immediately shocked up by 100 or 200 basis points. the model simulations also incorporate the following assumptions:
Ÿ   prepayments on mortgage loans and securities collateralized by mortgages are projected under each rate scenario using a third-party mortgage analytics system that incorporates market prepayment assumptions;

Ÿ   cash flows for structured securities are estimated using a third-party vendor in conjunction with the prepayments provided by the third-party mortgage analytics vendor;

Ÿ                                                   nonmaturity deposit rates are projected based on northern trust’s actual historical pattern of pricing. projected rates may also be based on judgment when there is no appropriate history or when current pricing strategies differ from history. the present value of these deposits are based on estimated remaining lives that are based on northern trust’s actual historical runoff patterns with some balances assumed to be temporary;

Ÿ   the present values of most noninterest-related balances (such as receivables, equipment, and payables) are the same as their book values; and

Ÿ   the initial shock to current rates assumes the relationship among market yield curves (e.g. treasury and libor) remains the same in each interest rate scenario.

81 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation the following table shows the estimated impact on economic value of equity of 100 and 200 basis point shocks up from current interest rates. given the low level of interest rates and assumed interest rate floors as rates approach zero, the simulation of the economic value of equity for rates 100 or 200 basis points lower would not provide meaningful results.
table 38: interest rate risk simulation of economic value of equity as of december 31, 2014
(in millions)                                                   increase/(decrease)
estimated impact on economic value of equity increase in interest rates above market implied forward rates
100 basis points                                                $(67                    )
200 basis points                                                            (386        )
stress testing of interest rates is performed to include such scenarios as nonparallel (i.e. twist) changes to yield curves that results in them becoming steeper or flatter and changes to the relationship among the yield curves (i.e. basis risk).
the simulations of economic value of equity do not incorporate any management actions that may be used to mitigate negative consequences of actual interest rate movements. for that reason and others, they do not reflect the likely actual results but serve as conservative estimates of interest rate risk. seve is not directly comparable to actual results disclosed elsewhere or directly predictive of future values of other measures provided.
during the year ended december 31, 2014, northern trust did not exceed its seve limits.
interest rate risk monitoring northern trust limits aggregate interest rate risk (as measured by the soe and seve simulation techniques) to an acceptable level within the context of risk/return trade-offs. a variety of actions may be used to implement risk management strategies to modify interest rate risk including:
Ÿ   purchase of securities;

Ÿ   sale of securities that are classified as available for sale;

Ÿ   issuance of senior notes and subordinated notes;

Ÿ   collateralized borrowings from the federal home loan bank;

Ÿ   placing and taking eurodollar time deposits; and

Ÿ   hedges with various types of derivative financial instruments.

northern trust strives to use the most effective instruments for implementing its interest rate risk management strategies, considering the costs, liquidity, collateral and capital requirements of the various alternatives and the risk-return trade-offs.
foreign currency risk overview northern trust is exposed to non-trading foreign currency risk as a result of its holdings of non-u.s. dollar denominated assets and liabilities, investment in non-u.s. subsidiaries, and future non-u.s. dollar denominated revenue and expense. to manage currency exposures on the balance sheet, northern trust attempts to match its assets and liabilities by currency. if those currency offsets do not exist on the balance sheet, northern trust will use foreign exchange derivative contracts to mitigate its currency exposure. foreign exchange contracts are also used to reduce northern trust’s currency exposure to future non-u.s. dollar denominated revenue and expense.
in addition, northern trust provides foreign exchange services to clients. most of these services are provided in connection with northern trust’s growing global custody business. in the normal course of business northern trust also engages in trading of non-u.s. currencies for its own account. the primary market risk associated with global foreign exchange trading activities is foreign exchange risk.
foreign currency trading positions exist when aggregate obligations to purchase and sell a currency other than the u.s. dollar do not offset each other in amount, or offset each other over different time periods.
82 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation foreign currency risk measurement northern trust measures daily the risk of loss associated with all non-u.s. currency positions using a var model and applying the historical simulation methodology. this statistical model provides estimates, based on a variety of high confidence levels, of the potential loss in value that might be incurred if an adverse shift in non-u.s. currency exchange rates were to occur over a small number of days. the model incorporates foreign currency and interest rate volatilities and correlations in price movements among the currencies. var is computed for each trading desk and for the global portfolio.
var measures are computed in a vended software application which reads foreign exchange positions directly from northern trust’s trading systems each day. data vendors provide foreign exchange rates and interest rates for all currencies. corporate market risk monitors on a daily basis var model inputs and outputs for reasonableness.
foreign currency risk monitoring, reporting and analysis northern trust monitors several variations of the foreign exchange var measures to meet specific regulatory and internal management needs. variations include different methodologies (historical, variance-covariance and monte carlo), equally-weighted and exponentially-weighted volatilities, horizons of one day and ten days, confidence levels ranging from 95% to 99.95% and look back periods of one year and four years. those alternative measures provide management a rich array of alternative risk metrics, offering corroborating measures and useful perspectives on northern trust’s market risks.
automated daily reports are produced and distributed to business managers and risk managers. the corporate market risk unit also reviews and reports several variations of the var measures in historical time series format to provide management with an historical perspective on risk.
the table below presents the levels of total regulatory var and its subcomponents for global foreign currency in the quarters indicated below, based on the historical simulation methodology, a 99% confidence level, a one day horizon and equally weighted volatility. the total var for foreign currency is typically less than the sum of its two components due to diversification benefits derived from the two subcomponents.
table 39: foreign currency value-at-risk
(in millions)                                   total var                  foreign exchange                  foreign exchange
(spot and forward)                          spot var                       forward var as of december 31   2014                  2013              2014               2013           2014               2013
high                         $0.5                    $0.9          $0.5                $0.8          $0.1                $0.6
low                             —                     0.1             —                   —             —                 0.1
average                       0.2                     0.5           0.1                 0.4           0.1                 0.3
year-end                      0.2                     0.3           0.3                 0.2           0.1                 0.2
during 2014 and 2013, northern trust did not incur an actual trading loss in excess of the daily value at risk estimate.
other nonmaterial trading activities market risk associated with other trading activities is negligible. northern trust’s broker-dealer, northern trust securities, inc., maintains a small portfolio of trading securities held for customer accommodation purposes which averaged $5.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2014.
northern trust is also party to interest rate derivative contracts consisting mostly of interest rate swaps entered into to meet clients’ interest rate management needs, but also including a small number of caps, floors, and swaptions (an option to enter into an interest rate swap). all interest rate derivative transactions are executed by the treasury department. when northern trust enters into client transactions, its practice is to mitigate the resulting market risk with offsetting interbank derivative transactions with matching terms and maturities.
83 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations strategic risk strategic risk is the long-term risk to earnings or capital from adverse effects of business decisions, improper implementation of business decisions, unexpected external events or damage to northern trust’s reputation from negative public opinion. strategic risk includes the following three subcategories:
business risk: the risk arising from the general economic conditions and external factors in which northern trust operates that could adversely affect its revenues, profits and or capital;
strategy risk: the long-term risk to earnings or capital from adverse effects of business decisions, improper implementation of business decisions and unexpected external events; and reputation risk: the risk arising from negative perception on the part of clients, counterparties, stockholders, investors, debt holders, market analysts, regulators, staff, or other relevant parties that adversely affects northern trust’s ability to conduct its business or to access sources of funding.
the gerc and the business strategy committee are responsible for reviewing the general methods, guidelines and policies by which northern trust monitors and controls strategic risk.
forward-looking statements this report contains statements that are forward-looking, such as statements concerning northern trust’s financial goals, capital adequacy, dividend policy, risk management policies, litigation-related matters and contingent liabilities, accounting estimates and assumptions, industry trends, strategic initiatives, credit quality including allowance levels, planned capital expenditures and technology spending, anticipated expense levels, future pension plan contributions, anticipated tax benefits and expenses, the impact of recent legislation and accounting pronouncements, and all other statements that do not relate to historical facts. forward-looking statements are typically identified by words or phrases such as “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “estimate,” “project,” “likely,” “may increase,” “plan,” “goal,” “target,” “strategy,” and similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “would,” and “could.”
forward-looking statements are northern trust’s current estimates or expectations of future events or future results and involve risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. actual results could differ materially from the results indicated by these statements because the realization of those results is subject to many risks and uncertainties including:
Ÿ   the health and soundness of the financial institutions and other counterparties with which northern trust conducts business;

Ÿ   financial market disruptions or economic recession, whether in the u.s., europe, the middle east, or other regions;

Ÿ   the downgrade of u.s. government issued and other securities;

Ÿ                                                    changes in financial markets, including debt and equity markets, that impact the value, liquidity, or credit ratings of financial assets in general, or financial assets in particular investment funds or client portfolios including those funds, portfolios, and other financial assets with respect to which northern trust has taken, or may in the future take, actions to provide asset value stability or additional liquidity;

Ÿ          the impact of stress in the financial markets, the effectiveness of governmental actions taken in response, and the effect of such governmental actions on northern trust, its competitors and counterparties, financial markets generally and availability of credit specifically, and the u.s. and international economies;

Ÿ   a significant downgrade of any of northern trust’s debt ratings;

Ÿ   changes in foreign exchange trading client volumes and volatility in foreign currency exchange rates, and northern trust’s success in assessing and mitigating the risks arising from such changes and volatility;

Ÿ   a decline in the value of securities held in northern trust’s investment portfolio, particularly asset-backed securities, the liquidity and pricing of which may be negatively impacted by periods of economic turmoil and financial market disruptions;

Ÿ   uncertainties inherent in the complex and subjective judgments required to assess credit risk and establish appropriate allowances therefor;

84 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
Ÿ   geopolitical risks and the risks of extraordinary events such as natural disasters, terrorist events and war, and the responses of the united states and other countries to those events;

Ÿ   the pace and extent of continued globalization of investment activity and growth in worldwide financial assets;

Ÿ   regulatory and monetary policy developments;

Ÿ   failure to satisfy regulatory standards or to obtain regulatory approvals when required, including for the use and distribution of capital;

Ÿ   changes in tax laws, accounting requirements or interpretations and other legislation in the u.s. or other countries that could affect northern trust or its clients;

Ÿ   changes in the nature and activities of northern trust’s competition;

Ÿ   northern trust’s success in maintaining existing business and continuing to generate new business in existing and targeted markets and its ability to deploy deposits in a profitable manner consistent with its liquidity requirements;

Ÿ   the impact of equity markets on fee revenue;

Ÿ   northern trust’s ability to address the complex needs of a global client base and manage compliance with legal, tax, regulatory and other requirements;

Ÿ   northern trust’s ability to maintain a product mix that achieves acceptable margins;

Ÿ   northern trust’s ability to continue to generate investment results that satisfy clients and to develop an array of investment products;

Ÿ   northern trust’s success in recruiting and retaining the necessary personnel to support business growth and expansion and maintain sufficient expertise to support increasingly complex products and services;

Ÿ   northern trust’s success in controlling expenses and implementing revenue enhancement initiatives;

Ÿ   uncertainties inherent in northern trust’s assumptions concerning its pension plan, including discount rates and expected contributions, returns and payouts;

Ÿ   northern trust’s ability to address operating risks, including human errors or omissions, data security breach risks, pricing or valuation of securities, fraud, systems performance or defects, systems interruptions, and breakdowns in processes or internal controls;

Ÿ   northern trust’s success in improving risk management practices and controls and managing risks inherent in its businesses, including credit risk, operational risk, market and liquidity risk, fiduciary risk, compliance risk and strategic risk;

Ÿ   increased costs of compliance and other risks associated with changes in regulation, the current regulatory environment, and areas of increased regulatory emphasis and oversight in the u.s. and other countries such as anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, and client privacy;

Ÿ                                                   the potential for substantial changes in the legal, regulatory and enforcement framework and oversight applicable to financial institutions, including changes that may affect leverage limits and risk-based capital and liquidity requirements, require financial institutions to pay higher assessments, expose financial institutions to certain liabilities of their subsidiary depository institutions, and restrict or increase the regulation of certain activities, including foreign exchange, carried on by financial institutions, including northern trust;

Ÿ   risks and uncertainties inherent in the litigation and regulatory process, including the adequacy of contingent liability, tax, and other accruals;

Ÿ   risks associated with being a holding company, including northern trust’s dependence on dividends from its principal subsidiary;

Ÿ   the risk of damage to northern trust’s reputation which may undermine the confidence of clients, counterparties, rating agencies, and stockholders; and

Ÿ   other factors identified elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k, including those factors described in item 1a, “risk factors,” and other filings with the sec, all of which are available on northern trust’s website.

actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. the information contained herein is current only as of the date of that information. all forward-looking statements included in this document are based upon information presently available, and northern trust assumes no obligation to update its forward-looking statements.
85 |   2014 annual report to shareholders   | northern trust corporation management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations reconciliation of reported net interest income to fully taxable equivalent the table below presents a reconciliation of interest income and net interest income prepared in accordance with gaap to interest income and net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent (fte) basis, which are non-gaap financial measures. management believes this presentation provides a clearer indication of net interest margins for comparative purposes.
table 40: reconciliation of reported net interest income to fully taxable equivalent for the year ended december 31,
2014                                                          2013                                                          2012
(in millions)               reported             fte adj.                fte*             reported             fte adj.                fte*             reported             fte adj.                fte*
interest income             $1,186.9                $29.4            $1,216.3             $1,155.5                $32.5            $1,188.0             $1,287.7                $40.8            $1,328.5
interest expense               181.4                 –                  181.4                222.4                 –                  222.4                297.4                 –                  297.4
net interest income         $1,005.5                $29.4            $1,034.9               $933.1                $32.5              $965.6               $990.3                $40.8            $1,031.1
net interest margin             1.05   %                                 1.08   %             1.09   %                                 1.13   %             1.18   %                                 1.22   %
* fully taxable equivalent (fte)
