item 1a. risk factors.
cautionary statement concerning forward‐looking statements this document, including "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition," and the documents incorporated by reference into this annual report on form 10-k, contain both historical and forward‐looking statements. all statements other than statements of historical fact are, or may be deemed to be, forward‐looking statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934. these forward-looking statements are not based on historical facts, but rather reflect the company's current expectations concerning future results and events. these forward‐looking statements generally can be identified by the use of statements that include phrases such as "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "foresee," "likely," "will," "may," "could" or other similar words or phrases. similarly, statements that describe the company's objectives, plans or goals are or may be forward‐looking statements. these forward‐looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that are difficult to predict and which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the company to be different from any future results, performance and achievements expressed or implied by these statements. more information about these risks, uncertainties and other factors is set forth below. additional risks, uncertainties and other factors may be described in the company's news releases and other filings made under the securities laws. there may be additional risks, uncertainties and factors that the company does not currently view as material or that are not necessarily known. the forward-looking statements included in this document are only made as of the date of this document and the company does not have any obligation to publicly update any forward‐looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances.
risk factors for an enterprise as large and complex as the company, a wide range of factors could affect our business and financial results. the factors described below are considered to be the most significant. there may be other currently unknown or unpredictable economic, business, competitive, regulatory or other factors that could have material adverse effects on the company's future results. past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. the following discussion of risk factors should be read in conjunction with "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition" and the consolidated financial statements and related notes in "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this form 10-k.
a decline in advertising expenditures could cause the company's revenues and operating results to decline significantly in any given period or in specific markets the company derives substantial revenues from the sale of advertising on its broadcast and basic cable networks, television stations, radio stations, syndicated programming, and online properties. a decline in the economic prospects of advertisers, the economy in general or the economy of any individual geographic market, particularly a major market such as los angeles, new york or chicago, in which the company owns and operates sizeable businesses, could alter current or prospective advertisers' spending priorities. natural and other disasters, acts of terrorism, political uncertainty or hostilities could lead to a reduction in advertising expenditures as a result of disrupted programming and services, uninterrupted news coverage and economic uncertainty. advertising expenditures may also be affected by increasing competition for the leisure time of audiences. in addition, advertising expenditures by companies in i-18
certain sectors of the economy, including the automotive, financial and pharmaceutical segments, represent a significant portion of the company's advertising revenues. any political, economic, social or technological change resulting in a reduction in these sectors' advertising expenditures may adversely affect the company's revenue. advertisers' willingness to purchase advertising from the company may also be affected by a decline in audience ratings for the company's programming, the inability of the company to retain the rights to popular programming, increasing audience fragmentation caused by new program channels and the proliferation of new media formats, including the internet and video‐on‐demand and the deployment of portable digital devices and new technologies, which allow consumers to live stream and time shift programming, make and store digital copies and skip or fast‐forward through advertisements. any reduction in advertising expenditures could have an adverse effect on the company's revenues and results of operations.
the company's success and profitability are dependent upon audience acceptance of its content, including its television and radio programs and motion pictures, which is difficult to predict television, radio and motion picture content production and distribution are inherently risky businesses because the revenues derived from the production and distribution of a television or radio program or motion picture, and the licensing of rights to the associated intellectual property, depend primarily upon their acceptance by the public, which is difficult to predict. the commercial success of a television or radio program or motion picture also depends upon the quality and acceptance of other competing programs and motion pictures released into the marketplace at or near the same time, the availability of alternative forms of entertainment and leisure time activities, general economic conditions and other tangible and intangible factors, all of which are difficult to predict. rating points are also factors that are weighed when determining the advertising rates that the company receives. the use of new ratings technologies and measurements, and viewership on new platforms or devices that is not being measured, could have an impact on the company's program ratings. for example, while c-3, a current television industry ratings system, measures live commercial viewing plus three days of dvr and video-on-demand playback, the growing viewership occurring on subsequent days of dvr and video‐on‐demand playback is excluded from c-3 ratings. poor ratings can lead to a reduction in pricing and advertising spending. for example, there can be no assurance that any replacement programming on the company's radio or television stations will generate the same level of revenues or profitability of previous programming. in addition, the success of the company's cable networks and simon & schuster is similarly dependent on audience acceptance of its programming and publications, respectively. the theatrical success of a motion picture, based in large part upon audience acceptance, is a significant factor in determining the revenues it is likely to generate in home entertainment sales, licensing fees and other exploitation during the various other distribution windows. consequently, low public acceptance of the company's content, including its television and radio programs, motion pictures and publications, will have an adverse effect on the company's results of operations. in addition, any decreased popularity of programming for which the company has incurred significant commitments could have an adverse effect on its profitability. programming and talent commitments of the company, estimated to aggregate approximately $13.72 billion as of december 31, 2014, primarily included $10.23 billion for sports programming rights, $2.70 billion relating to the production and licensing of television, radio, and film programming, and $797 million for talent contracts with $4.32 billion of these amounts payable in and after 2020. a shortfall, now or in the future, in the expected popularity of the sports events for which the company has acquired rights, or in the television and radio programming the company expects to distribute, could lead to decreased profitability or losses for a significant period of time.
failure by the company to obtain, create and retain the rights related to popular programming could adversely affect the company's revenues the company's revenue from its television, radio, cable networks and motion picture business is partially dependent on the company's continued ability to anticipate and adapt to changes in consumer tastes and behavior on a timely basis. moreover, the company derives a portion of its revenues from the exploitation of its extensive library of television programming. generally, a television series must have a network run of at least three or four years to be successfully sold in domestic syndication. if the content of its television programming library ceases to be widely accepted by audiences or is not continuously replenished with popular content, the company's revenues could be adversely affected. the company obtains a significant portion of its popular programming from third parties. for example, some of cbs television network's most widely viewed broadcasts, including golf's masters tournament, i-19
the pga championship, nfl games, ncaa division i men's basketball tournament games, and series such as the big bang theory, are made available based upon programming rights of varying duration that the company has negotiated with third parties. in addition, showtime networks enters into commitments to acquire rights to certain programming for showtime, the movie channel and flix from motion picture producers and other suppliers for varying durations, and cbs radio acquires the broadcast rights to syndicated shows and to various programs, such as sports events from third parties. cbs films competes for compelling source material for and the talent necessary to produce motion pictures, as well as with other buyers for the acquisition of third‐party produced motion pictures. competition for popular programming that is licensed from third parties is intense, and the company may be outbid by its competitors for the rights to new, popular programming or in connection with the renewal of popular programming currently licensed by the company. the company's failure to obtain or retain rights to popular content could adversely affect the company's revenues.
the company must respond to rapid changes in technology, content creation, services and standards in order to remain competitive video, telecommunications, radio and data services technologies used in the entertainment industry are changing rapidly as are the digital distribution models for books. advances in technologies or alternative methods of product delivery or storage, or certain changes in consumer behavior driven by these or other technologies and methods of delivery and storage, could have a negative effect on the company's businesses. examples of the foregoing include the convergence of television broadcasts and online delivery of programming to televisions, video-on-demand platforms, tablets, satellite radio, new video and electronic book formats, user-generated content sites, internet and mobile distribution of video content via streaming and downloading, and place-shifting of content from the home to portable devices on which content is viewable outside the home. for example, devices that allow users to view or listen to television or radio programs on a time-delayed basis; technologies, such as dvrs, that enable users to fast-forward or skip advertisements or increase the sharing of subscription content; systems that allow users to access copyrighted product of the company over the internet or other media; and portable digital devices and systems that enable users to view programming or store or make portable copies of programming, may cause changes in consumer behavior that could affect the attractiveness of the company's offerings to advertisers and adversely affect its revenues. also, the growing uses of user-generated content sites and live and stored video streaming sites, which deliver unauthorized copies of copyrighted content, including those emanating from other countries in various languages, may adversely impact the company's businesses. in addition, further increases in the use of digital devices which allow users to view or listen to content of their own choosing, in their own time and remote locations, while avoiding traditional commercial advertisements or subscription payments, could adversely affect the company's radio and television broadcasting advertising and subscription revenues. cable providers and dbs operators are developing new techniques that allow them to transmit more channels on their existing equipment to highly targeted audiences, reducing the cost of creating channels and potentially leading to the division of the television marketplace into more specialized niche audiences. more television and video programming options increase competition for viewers and competitors targeting programming to narrowly defined audiences may gain an advantage over the company for television advertising and subscription revenues. television manufacturers, cable providers and others are developing and offering technology to enable viewers to locate digital copies of programming from the internet to view on television monitors or other devices, which could diminish viewership of the company's programming. generally, changing consumer behavior may impact the company's traditional distribution methods, for example, by reducing viewership of its programming (including motion pictures), the demand for dvd and blu-ray disc product and/or the desire to see motion pictures in theaters, which could have an adverse impact on the company's revenues and profitability. also, the impact of technological changes on traditional distributors of video programming may adversely affect the company's cable networks' ability to grow revenue. anticipating and adapting to changes in technology on a timely basis and exploiting new sources of revenue from these changes will affect the company's ability to continue to increase its revenue.
i-20
piracy of the company's programming and other content, including digital piracy, may decrease revenue received from the exploitation of the company's programming and other content and adversely affect its businesses and profitability piracy of programming (including motion pictures), books and other copyrighted material is prevalent in many parts of the world and is made easier by the availability of digital copies of content and technological advances allowing conversion of such programming and other content into digital formats, which facilitate the creation, transmission and sharing of high quality unauthorized copies of the company's content. technological advances, which facilitate the streaming of programming via the internet to television screens and other devices, may increase piracy. the proliferation of unauthorized access to programming has an adverse effect on the company's businesses and profitability because these unauthorized actions reduce the revenue that the company potentially could receive from the legitimate sale and distribution of its products and services. in addition, if piracy were to increase, it would have an adverse effect on the company's businesses and profitability. also, while legal protections exist, piracy and technological tools with which to carry it out continue to escalate, evolve and present challenges for enforcement. the company vigorously defends itself against entities that illegally secure and exhibit its content, including streaming the company's broadcast content without obtaining the consent of or paying compensation to the company. failure of legal protections to evolve and enable enhanced enforcement efforts to combat piracy could make it more difficult for the company to adequately protect its intellectual property, which could negatively impact its value and further increase the company's enforcement costs.
the company's businesses operate in highly competitive and consolidating industries the company competes with other media companies for high quality content to achieve large audiences and to generate advertising revenue. the company also competes for distribution on various mvpd platforms. the company's ability to attract audiences and advertisers and obtain favorable distribution depends in part on its ability to provide popular television programming and radio programming, motion pictures and books. the consolidation of advertising agencies, distributors and television service providers also has made competition for audiences, advertising revenue, and distribution more intense. in addition, consolidation among book retailers and the growth of on-line sales and electronic books sales have resulted in increased competition for limited physical shelf space for the company's publications and for the attention of consumers on-line. competition for audiences and advertising comes from: broadcast television stations and networks; cable television systems and networks; motion picture studios; the internet; new, non-traditional programming services; technological innovations in content distribution; terrestrial and satellite radio and portable devices; local, regional and national newspapers; direct mail; and other communications and advertising media that operate in these markets. other television and radio stations or cable networks may change their formats or programming, a new station or new network may adopt a format to compete directly with the company's stations or networks, or stations or networks might engage in aggressive promotional campaigns. in book publishing, competition among electronic and print book retailers could decrease the prices for new releases and the outlets available for book sales. moreover, the growing use of self-publishing technologies by authors increases competition and could result in decreased use of traditional publishing services. this competition could result in lower ratings and advertising and subscription and other revenues or increased promotional and other expenses and, consequently, lower earnings and cash flow for the company. the company cannot be assured that it will be able to compete successfully in the future against existing, new or potential competitors, or that competition will not have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition or results of operations.
the loss of affiliation agreements or retransmission agreements could materially adversely affect the company's results of operations the cbs television network provides its affiliates with up to approximately 98 hours of regularly scheduled programming per week. in return, the cbs television network's affiliated stations broadcast network-inserted commercials during that programming. loss of station affiliation agreements of the cbs television network could adversely affect the company's results of operations by reducing the reach of the company's programming and therefore its attractiveness to advertisers, and renewal of these affiliation agreements on less favorable terms may also adversely affect the company's results of operations. the non-renewal or termination of retransmission agreements i-21
with mvpds or continued distribution on less favorable terms, could also adversely affect the company's revenues and its ability to distribute its network programming to a nationwide audience and affect the company's ability to sell advertising, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations. showtime networks, cbs sports network and smithsonian networks are also dependent upon the maintenance of affiliation agreements with mvpds, and there can be no assurance that these agreements will be renewed in the future on terms acceptable to such programmers. the loss of one or more of these arrangements could reduce the distribution of showtime networks', cbs sports network's and smithsonian networks' program services and reduce revenues from subscriber fees and advertising, as applicable. further, the loss of favorable packaging, positioning, pricing or other marketing opportunities with any distributor could reduce revenues from subscriber fees. also, consolidation among mvpds and increased vertical integration of such distributors into the cable or broadcast network business have provided more leverage to these distributors and could adversely affect the company's ability to maintain or obtain distribution for its network programming or distribution and/or marketing of its subscription program services on favorable or commercially reasonable terms, or at all.
the company's operating results are subject to seasonal variations and other factors the company's business has experienced and is expected to continue to experience seasonality due to, among other things, seasonal advertising patterns and seasonal influences, on people's viewing, reading, attendance and listening habits. typically, the company's revenue from advertising increases in the fourth quarter, simon & schuster generates a substantial portion of its revenues in the fourth quarter, and license fees for television programming and cbs films' revenue from motion pictures are dependent on the timing, mix, number and availability of the company's television programming and motion pictures, as applicable, which may cause operating results to increase or decrease during a period and create non-comparable results relative to the corresponding period in the prior year. in addition, advertising revenues in even-numbered years benefit from advertising placed by candidates for political offices. the effects of such seasonality make it difficult to estimate future operating results based on the previous results of any specific quarter and may adversely affect operating results.
economic conditions may adversely affect the company's businesses and customers the u.s. and other countries where the company operates have experienced slowdowns and volatilities in their economies. a downturn could lead to lower consumer and business spending for the company's products and services, particularly if customers, including advertisers, subscribers, licensees, retailers, theater operators and other consumers of the company's content offerings and services, reduce demands for the company's products and services. in addition, in unfavorable economic environments, the company's customers may have difficulties obtaining capital at adequate or historical levels to finance their ongoing business and operations and may face insolvency, all of which could impair their ability to make timely payments and continue operations, including distribution of the company's content. the company is unable to predict the duration and severity of weakened economic conditions and such conditions and resultant effects could adversely impact the company's businesses, operating results, and financial condition.
volatility and weakness in capital markets may adversely affect credit availability and related financing costs for the company bank and capital markets can experience periods of volatility and disruption. if the disruption in these markets is prolonged, the company's ability to refinance, and the related cost of refinancing, some or all of its debt could be adversely affected. although the company can currently access the bank and capital markets, there is no assurance that such markets will continue to be a reliable source of financing for the company. in addition, the company's access to and cost of borrowing can be affected by the company's short- and long-term debt ratings assigned by ratings agencies. these factors, including the tightening of credit markets, or a decrease in the company's debt ratings, could adversely affect the company's ability to obtain cost‐effective financing.
i-22
increased programming and content costs may adversely affect the company's profits the company produces and acquires programming (including motion pictures) and other content and incurs costs with respect to its content, including for all types of creative talent, including actors, authors, writers and producers, composers and publishers of music, as well as for marketing and distribution. an increase in any of these costs and increased competition from new entrants into the market for the production and acquisition of new content may lead to decreased profitability.
changes in communications laws or other regulations may have an adverse effect on the company's business the television and radio broadcasting and distribution industries in the u.s. are highly regulated by u.s. federal laws and regulations issued and administered by various federal agencies, including the fcc. the television and radio broadcasting industry is subject to extensive regulation by the fcc under the communications act. for example, the company is required to obtain licenses from the fcc to operate its radio and television stations. the company cannot be assured that the fcc will approve its future renewal applications or that the renewals will be for full terms or will not include conditions or qualifications. the non-renewal, or renewal with substantial conditions or modifications, of one or more of the company's licenses could have a material adverse effect on the company's revenues. the company must also comply with extensive fcc regulations and policies in the ownership and operation of its television and radio stations and its television networks. fcc regulations prohibit the common ownership of more than one of the top four networks, abc, cbs, fox and nbc, and limit the number of television and radio stations that a licensee can own in a market and the number of television stations that can be owned nationwide, which could restrict the company's ability to consummate future transactions and in certain circumstances could require it to divest some television or radio stations. the u.s. congress and the fcc currently have under consideration, and may in the future adopt, new laws, regulations, and policies regarding a wide variety of matters that could, directly or indirectly, affect the operation and ownership of the company's radio and television properties. for example, from time to time, proposals have been advanced in the u.s. congress and at the fcc to require radio and television broadcast stations to provide advertising time to political candidates for free or at a reduced charge. any restrictions on political advertising may adversely affect the company's advertising revenues. the fcc has initiated a proceeding to examine and potentially regulate more closely embedded advertising such as product placement and product integration. enhanced restrictions affecting these means of delivering advertising messages may adversely affect the company's advertising revenues. changes to the media ownership and other fcc rules may affect the competitive landscape in ways that could increase the competition faced by the company. proposals have also been advanced from time to time before the u.s. congress and the fcc to extend the program access rules (currently applicable only to those cable program services which also own or are owned by cable distribution systems) to all cable program services. the company's ability to obtain the most favorable terms available for its content could be adversely affected should such an extension be enacted into law. in response to the fcc's march 2010 national broadband plan, which seeks to provide affordable broadband access throughout the u.s., congress passed legislation in february 2012 authorizing the fcc to conduct voluntary auctions of spectrum utilized by broadcast television stations to provide additional spectrum for wireless broadband services. the television stations that continue their operations may have to change channels once the fcc "repacks" the broadcast spectrum dedicated to broadcast television use. such auctions are expected to begin in 2016 followed by repacking, which could adversely impact the company's broadcast coverage and related revenues. it is difficult to predict the timing or outcome of the fcc's actions or their effect, if any, on the company's broadcasting properties. legislation could be enacted, which could remove over-the-air broadcasters' existing exemption from payment of a performance royalty to record companies and performers of music which is broadcast on radio stations and could have an adverse impact on the cost of music programming for the company. in addition, changes in or new interpretations of international laws and regulations governing competition and the internet, including those affecting data privacy, may have an adverse impact on the company's international businesses and internet properties. the company is unable to predict the effect that any such laws, regulations or policies may have on its operations.
i-23
vigorous enforcement or enhancement of fcc indecency and other program content rules against the broadcast and cable industries could have an adverse effect on the company's businesses and results of operations the fcc's rules prohibit the broadcast of obscene material at any time and indecent or profane material on television or radio broadcast stations between the hours of 6 a.m. and 10 p.m. broadcasters risk violating the prohibition against broadcasting indecent material because of the vagueness of the fcc's indecency/profanity definition, coupled with the spontaneity of live programming. the fcc enforces its indecency rules against the broadcasting industry. the fcc has found on a number of occasions that the content of radio and television broadcasts has contained indecent material. in such instances, the fcc issued fines or advisory warnings to the offending licensees. moreover, the fcc has in some instances imposed separate fines for each allegedly indecent "utterance," in contrast with its previous policy, which generally considered all indecent words or phrases within a given program as constituting a single violation. the fines for broadcasting indecent material per station are a maximum of $325,000 per utterance. if the fcc denied a license renewal or revoked the license for one of the company's broadcast radio or television stations, the company would lose its authority to operate the station. the determination of whether content is indecent is inherently subjective and, as such, it can be difficult to predict whether particular content could violate indecency standards. the difficulty in predicting whether individual programs, words or phrases may violate the fcc's indecency rules adds significant uncertainty to the company's ability to comply with the rules. violation of the indecency rules could lead to sanctions which may adversely affect the company's businesses and results of operations. some policymakers support the extension of the indecency rules that are applicable to over-the-air broadcasters to cover cable and satellite programming and/or attempts to increase enforcement of or otherwise expand existing laws and rules. if such an extension, attempt to increase enforcement or other expansion took place and were found to be constitutional, some of the company's cable content could be subject to additional regulation and might not be able to attract the same subscription and viewership levels.
the failure or destruction of satellites and transmitter facilities that the company depends upon to distribute its programming could materially adversely affect the company's businesses and results of operations the company uses satellite systems to transmit its broadcast and cable networks to affiliates. the distribution facilities include uplinks, communications satellites and downlinks. transmissions may be disrupted as a result of local disasters including extreme weather that impair on-ground uplinks or downlinks, or as a result of an impairment of a satellite. currently, there are a limited number of communications satellites available for the transmission of programming. if a disruption occurs, failure to secure alternate distribution facilities in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on the company's businesses and results of operations. each of the company's television and radio stations and cable networks uses studio and transmitter facilities that are subject to damage or destruction. failure to restore such facilities in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on the company's businesses and results of operations.
breach of security measures regarding information systems could disrupt operations and damage the company's reputation and could materially adversely affect the company's businesses and results of operations network and information systems and other technologies are important to the company's business activities. despite the company's security measures, network and information systems‐related events, such as computer hackings, cyber threats, security breaches, viruses, or other destructive or disruptive software, process breakdowns or malicious or other activities, and natural or other disasters could result in a disruption of the company's services and operations or improper disclosure of personal data or confidential information, which could damage the company's reputation and require the company to expend resources to remedy any such breaches. the occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on the company's business and results of operations.
i-24
the company could suffer losses due to asset impairment charges for goodwill, intangible assets, fcc licenses and programming the company will test goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, including fcc licenses, for impairment during the fourth quarter of each year and between annual tests if events or circumstances require an interim impairment assessment. a downward revision in the estimated fair value of a reporting unit or intangible assets, including fcc licenses, could result in a non-cash impairment charge. also, any significant shortfall, now or in the future, in the expected popularity of the programming for which the company has acquired rights could lead to a downward revision in the fair value of such assets. any such impairment charge for goodwill, intangible assets and/or programming could have a material adverse effect on the company's reported net earnings.
dividends and dividend rates cannot be guaranteed the company's board of directors assesses relevant factors when considering the declaration of a dividend on the company's common stock. the company cannot guarantee that it will continue to declare dividends, including at the same or similar rates.
the loss of key personnel, including talent, could disrupt the management or operations of the company's business and adversely affect its revenues the company's business depends upon the continued efforts, abilities and expertise of its chief executive officer and other key employees and entertainment personalities. the company believes that the unique combination of skills and experience possessed by its executive officers would be difficult to replace, and that the loss of its executive officers could have a material adverse effect on the company, including the impairment of the company's ability to execute its business strategy. while the company does not maintain a written succession plan with respect to chairman of the board, in accordance with the company's corporate governance guidelines, designated independent committees of the cbs board together periodically review succession planning for the position of chairman and report to the non-management directors of the cbs board. because approximately 79.6% of the voting shares are controlled by sumner redstone there can be no assurance now or in the future that he or the successors to the voting control may not seek to effect succession of the chairman; however, and in all cases, the board will elect the next chairman by a majority vote of the board. additionally, the company employs or independently contracts with several entertainment personalities and authors with significant loyal audiences or readership. entertainment personalities are sometimes significantly responsible for the ranking of a television or radio station and, therefore, the ability of the station to sell advertising, and an author's popularity can be significantly responsible for the success of a particular book. the company's cable networks, cbs television studios and cbs television distribution produce programming and cbs films produces motion pictures with highly regarded directors, actors and other talent who are important to attracting and retaining audiences for their content. there can be no assurance that these entertainment personalities, authors and talent will remain with or be drawn to the company or will retain their current audiences or readership. if the company fails to retain or attract these entertainment personalities, authors and talent or they lose their current audiences or readership, the company's revenues could be adversely affected.
fluctuations in foreign exchange rates could have an adverse effect on the company's results of operations certain of the company's revenues are earned and expenses are incurred in foreign currencies. the value of these currencies fluctuates relative to the u.s. dollar. as a result, the company is exposed to exchange rate fluctuations, which could have an adverse effect on its results of operations.
the company's liabilities related to discontinued operations and former businesses could adversely impact its financial condition the company has both recognized and potential liabilities and costs related to discontinued operations and former businesses, certain of which are unrelated to the media business, including leases, guarantees, environmental liabilities, liabilities related to the pensions and medical expenses of retirees, asbestos liabilities, contractual disputes and other i-25
pending and threatened litigation. the company cannot be assured that its reserves are sufficient to cover these liabilities in their entirety or any one of these liabilities when it becomes due or at what point any of these liabilities may come due. therefore, there can be no assurances that these liabilities will not have a material adverse effect on the company's financial position, operating performance or cash flow.
the company could be adversely affected by strikes and other union activity the company and its suppliers engage the services of writers, directors, actors and other talent, trade employees and others who are subject to collective bargaining agreements. if the company or its suppliers are unable to renew expiring collective bargaining agreements, it is possible that the affected unions or others could take action in the form of strikes or work stoppages. such actions, higher costs in connection with these agreements or a significant labor dispute could adversely affect the company's television, radio, cable networks, interactive and motion picture businesses by disrupting the company's ability to provide scheduled services and programming or by causing delays in the production of the company's television or radio programming or motion pictures. depending on its duration, any lockout, strike or work stoppage could have an adverse effect on the company's revenues, cash flows and/or operating income and/or the timing thereof.
political and economic risks associated with the company's international businesses could harm the company's financial condition or results of operations the company's businesses operate and have customers worldwide. inherent risks of doing business in international markets include, among other risks, changes in the economic environment, export restrictions, exchange controls, tariffs and other trade barriers and longer payment cycles. the company may incur substantial expense as a result of the imposition of new restrictions or changes in the existing economic environment in the regions where it does business. in addition, acts of terrorism or other hostilities, or other future financial, political, economic or other uncertainties, could lead to a reduction in advertising expenditures, which could materially adversely affect the company's business, financial condition or results of operations.
nai, through its voting control of the company, is in a position to control actions that require stockholder approval nai, through its direct and indirect ownership of the company's class a common stock, has voting control of the company. mr. sumner m. redstone, the controlling stockholder, chairman of the board of directors and chief executive officer of nai, serves as executive chairman of the company's board of directors, and ms. shari redstone, the president and a director of nai, serves as vice chair of the company's board of directors. in addition, mr. david r. andelman is a director of nai and serves as a director of the company. nai is in a position to control the outcome of corporate actions that require stockholder approval, including the election of directors and transactions involving a change of control. other stockholders who may have different interests are unable to affect the outcome of the corporate actions of the company for so long as nai retains voting control.
sales of shares of common stock by nai could adversely affect the stock price nai, through its direct and indirect ownership of the company's class a common stock, has voting control of the company. based on information received from nai, shares of the company's voting class a common stock and non-voting class b common stock owned by nai entertainment holdings llc ("nai eh"), a wholly‐owned subsidiary of nai, are pledged to nai eh's lenders. nai holds more than 50% of the company's voting class a shares directly and these shares are not pledged. if nai eh defaults on its obligations and the lenders foreclose on the collateral, the lenders or anyone to whom the lenders transfer the company's shares could sell such shares or convert those shares of voting class a common stock into shares of non-voting class b common stock and sell such shares, which could adversely affect the company's share price. additionally, if the lenders foreclose on the pledged shares of voting class a common stock, nai will no longer directly or indirectly own those shares and such lenders or other transferees would have voting rights in the company. in addition, there can be no assurance that nai i-26
or nai eh at some future time will not sell or pledge additional shares of the company's stock, which could adversely affect the company's share price.
many factors may cause the stock price of the company's class a common stock and class b common stock to fluctuate the stock price of class a common stock and class b common stock may fluctuate significantly as a result of many factors. these factors, some or all of which are beyond the company's control, include:
•   actual or anticipated fluctuations in the company's operating results;
•   changes in expectations as to the company's future financial performance or changes in financial estimates of securities analysts;
•   success of the company's operating and growth strategies;
•   investor anticipation of strategic, technological or regulatory threats, whether or not warranted by actual events;
•   operating and stock price performance of other comparable companies; and
•   realization of any of the risks described in these risk factors.
in addition, the stock market has experienced volatility that often has been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of particular companies. these broad market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the trading prices of the company's common stock, regardless of the company's actual operating performance.
the businesses of the company and viacom inc. will be attributable to the other company for certain regulatory purposes, which may limit business opportunities so long as the company and viacom inc. are under common control, each company's businesses, as well as the businesses of any other commonly controlled company, will be attributable to the other company for purposes of certain rules and regulations of the fcc, u.s. and non-u.s. antitrust rules and regulations and certain rules regarding political campaign contributions in the u.s., among others potentially. the businesses of one company will continue to be attributable to the other company for certain fcc and other purposes even after the two companies cease to be commonly controlled, if the two companies share common officers, directors, or attributable stockholders. as a result, the businesses and conduct of viacom inc. may have the effect of limiting and affecting the activities, strategic business alternatives and business terms available to the company, including limitations to which the company contractually agreed in connection with the company's separation of former viacom inc. ("former viacom") into two publicly traded entities, cbs corporation and new viacom inc., which was completed on december 31, 2005 (the "separation").
in connection with the separation, each company will rely on the other company's performance under various agreements between the companies in connection with the separation, the company and viacom inc. entered into various agreements, including the separation agreement, a tax matters agreement dated december 30, 2005, which is filed as an exhibit to this report, effective as of the separation (the "tax matters agreement") and certain related party arrangements pursuant to which the company and viacom inc. will provide services and products to each other from and after the separation. the separation agreement sets forth the allocation of assets, liabilities, rights and obligations of the company and viacom inc. following the separation, and includes indemnification obligations for such liabilities and obligations. in addition, pursuant to the tax matters agreement, certain income tax liabilities and related responsibilities are allocated between, and indemnification obligations are assumed by, each of the company and viacom inc. each company will rely on the other to satisfy its performance and payment obligations under these agreements. certain of the liabilities to be assumed or indemnified by the company or viacom inc. under these agreements are legal or contractual liabilities of the other company. if viacom inc. were to breach or be unable to satisfy its material obligations under these i-27
agreements, including a failure to satisfy its indemnification obligations, the company could suffer operational difficulties or significant losses.
certain members of management, directors and stockholders may face actual or potential conflicts of interest the management and directors of the company may own both cbs corp. common stock and viacom inc. common stock, and both the company and viacom inc. are controlled by nai. mr. redstone, the controlling stockholder, chairman of the board of directors and chief executive officer of nai, serves as executive chairman of the company's board of directors and executive chairman of viacom inc.'s board of directors. ms. redstone, the president and a director of nai, serves as vice chair of the board of directors of each of the company and viacom inc. mr. david r. andelman is a director of nai and serves as a director of the company. mr. frederic v. salerno is a director of viacom inc. and serves as a director of the company. this ownership overlap and these common directors could create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest when the company's and viacom inc.'s management, directors and controlling stockholder face decisions that could have different implications for the company and viacom inc. for example, potential conflicts of interest could arise in connection with the resolution of any dispute between the company and viacom inc. regarding the terms of the agreements governing the separation and the relationship between the company and viacom inc. thereafter. these agreements include, among others, the separation agreement, the tax matters agreement and any commercial agreements between the parties or their affiliates. on occasion, the company and viacom inc. may compete with each other in various commercial enterprises. potential conflicts of interest could also arise if the company and viacom inc. enter into any commercial arrangements with each other in the future. each of mr. redstone and ms. redstone may also face conflicts of interest with regard to the allocation of his or her time between the company and viacom inc. cbs corp.'s certificate of incorporation contains provisions related to corporate opportunities that may be of interest to both the company and viacom inc. cbs corp.'s certificate of incorporation provides that in the event that a director, officer or controlling stockholder of the company who is also a director, officer or controlling stockholder of viacom inc. acquires knowledge of a potential corporate opportunity for both the company and viacom inc., such director, officer or controlling stockholder may present such opportunity to the company or viacom inc. or both, as such director, officer or controlling stockholder deems appropriate in his or her sole discretion, and that by doing so such person will have satisfied his or her fiduciary duties to the company and its stockholders. in addition, cbs corp.'s certificate of incorporation provides that the company renounces any interest in any such opportunity presented to viacom inc. these provisions create the possibility that a corporate opportunity of one of such companies may be used for the benefit of the other company.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition.
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
management's discussion and analysis of the results of operations and financial condition of cbs corporation (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise requires, the "company" or "cbs corp.") should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes.
overview the company operates businesses which span the media and entertainment industries, including the cbs television network, cable networks, content production and distribution, television and radio stations, internet-based businesses, and consumer publishing. the company's principal strategy is to create and acquire premium content that is widely accepted by audiences and generate both advertising and non-advertising revenues from the distribution of this content on multiple media platforms and to various geographic locations. the company is increasing its investment in both company-owned and acquired premium content to enhance its opportunities for revenue growth, which include exhibiting the company's content on digital and other platforms through licensing and subscription services; expanding the distribution of its content internationally; and securing compensation from multichannel video programming distributors ("mvpds") and television stations affiliated with the cbs television network. the company also seeks to grow its advertising revenues by monetizing all content viewership as industry measurements evolve to reflect viewers' changing habits. the company's continued ability to capitalize on these and other emerging opportunities will provide it with incremental advertising and non-advertising revenues and serves to diversify the company's business model.
for 2014, revenues of $13.81 billion decreased 1% from $14.01 billion in 2013 primarily driven by 4% lower advertising revenues as 2013 included the benefit from the broadcast of the super bowl on the cbs television network and 2014 was impacted by four fewer ncaa division i men's basketball championship ("ncaa tournament") games broadcast on cbs. taken together these items impacted the revenue comparison by three percentage points. the impact from these items was offset by the addition of thursday night football on cbs in 2014, increased political advertising spending associated with midterm elections, and 6% growth in affiliate and subscription fee revenues.
the company reported operating income of $2.90 billion in 2014, a decrease of 4% from $3.03 billion in 2013, reflecting an increased investment in programming, primarily for national football league ("nfl") games. the investment in nfl programming has contributed to strong ratings for the 2014/2015 broadcast season, which also includes three successful new company-owned television series that have all generated higher ratings in their respective time periods compared with the prior season.
for 2014, net earnings from continuing operations were $1.35 billion compared with $1.74 billion for 2013 and diluted net earnings per share ("eps") from continuing operations were $2.41 for 2014 compared with $2.79 for 2013. comparability of results for 2014 versus 2013 was impacted by several discrete items that were not part of the normal course of operations. the following tables present adjusted net earnings and adjusted diluted eps from continuing operations, which exclude the impact of these discrete items. these adjusted results are non-gaap financial measures, which are reconciled below to the most directly comparable financial measures in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("gaap"). the company believes that presenting its financial results adjusted for the impact of these items is relevant and useful for investors because it allows investors to view performance in a manner similar to the method used by the company's management and provides a clearer perspective on the current underlying performance of the company.
ii-4
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
year ended december 31,                                                                             2014                2013
net earnings from continuing operations                                                       $1,354              $1,738
exclude:
loss on early extinguishment of debt (net of tax benefit of $133 million)                        219                   -
impairment charge (including tax provision of $22 million)                                        74                   -
restructuring charges (net of tax benefit of $10 million in 2014 and $8 million in 2013)          16                  12
adjusted net earnings from continuing operations                                              $1,663              $1,750
year ended december 31,                               2014          2013
diluted eps from continuing operations                $2.41             $2.79
exclude:
loss on early extinguishment of debt                  .39               -
impairment charge                                     .13               -
restructuring charges                                 .03           .02
adjusted diluted eps from continuing operations (a)   $2.96             $2.80
(a) amounts may not sum as a result of rounding.
on april 2, 2014, cbs outdoor americas inc. ("outdoor americas"), which was previously a subsidiary of the company and has been renamed outfront media inc., completed an initial public offering ("ipo") through which it sold 23.0 million shares, or approximately 19%, of its common stock for $28.00 per share. on july 16, 2014, the company completed the disposition of its 81% ownership of outdoor americas common stock through a tax-free split-off (the "split-off"). in connection with the split-off, the company accepted 44.7 million shares of cbs corp. class b common stock from its stockholders in exchange for the 97.0 million shares of outdoor americas common stock that it owned. the split-off resulted in a gain of $1.56 billion which is included in net earnings from discontinued operations for 2014. in aggregate, the company received $4.76 billion from the disposition of outdoor americas, including proceeds from outdoor americas' ipo and debt borrowings, and the fair value of shares received in the split-off.
during 2013, the company completed the sale of its outdoor advertising business in europe, which included an interest in an outdoor business in asia ("outdoor europe") for $225 million. outdoor americas and outdoor europe have been presented as discontinued operations in the company's consolidated financial statements for all periods presented.
during 2014, the company also repurchased 60.3 million shares of its class b common stock for $3.61 billion, at an average price of $59.88 per share. during the first quarter of 2015, the company expects to spend approximately $1.0 billion to repurchase shares of cbs corp. class b common stock. as of february 10, 2015, the company had $4.08 billion of authorization remaining under its share repurchase program. also during 2014, the company declared dividends of $.54 per share, totaling $296 million on its class a and class b common stock. on january 30, 2015 the company announced a quarterly cash dividend of $.15 per share, payable on april 1, 2015.
during 2014, the company redeemed $1.17 billion of its debt for $1.51 billion, including early redemption premiums, and also issued $1.75 billion of senior notes at significantly lower interest rates. during january 2015, the company issued an additional $1.20 billion of senior notes, and used the net proceeds for the repurchase of cbs corp. class b common stock and repayment of short-term borrowings. the company had $7.72 billion of long-term debt outstanding at january 31, 2015, $6.53 billion at december 31, 2014, and $5.96 billion at december 31, 2013, at weighted average interest rates of 4.7%, 4.9% and 6.0%, respectively.
ii-5
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
the company generated operating cash flow from continuing operations of $1.21 billion in 2014 and $1.78 billion in 2013. included in operating cash flow for 2014 are payments of $360 million associated with the early extinguishment of debt, primarily for early redemption premiums. the decrease in operating cash flow also reflects the timing of payments for sports programming, as well as the benefit to 2013 from cbs's super bowl broadcast. these declines were partially offset by higher collections from television licensing sales and contributions of $150 million in 2013 to prefund the company's qualified pension plans, with no comparable amount in 2014. free cash flow for 2014 was $1.00 billion compared with $1.57 billion for 2013. free cash flow is a non-gaap financial measure. see "free cash flow" on pages ii-13 and ii-14 for a reconciliation of net cash flow provided by (used for) operating activities, the most directly comparable financial measure in accordance with gaap, to free cash flow.
cbs corp. operates in the following four segments:
entertainment:  the entertainment segment consists of the cbs television network, cbs television studios, cbs global distribution group, cbs interactive and cbs films.  entertainment's revenues are generated primarily from advertising sales, the licensing and distribution of its content, and affiliate and subscription fees.  the entertainment segment contributed 60%, 62% and 60% to consolidated revenues in 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively, and 45%, 53% and 50% to consolidated operating income in 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively.
cable networks:  the cable networks segment consists of showtime networks, cbs sports network and smithsonian networks. cable networks' revenues are generated primarily from affiliate fees, and the licensing and distribution of its content.  the cable networks segment contributed 16%, 15% and 14% to consolidated revenues in 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively, and 34%, 29% and 28% to consolidated operating income in 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively.
publishing:  the publishing segment consists of simon & schuster's consumer book publishing business with imprints such as simon & schuster, pocket books, scribner and atria books. publishing generates revenues from the distribution of consumer books in print, digital and audio formats. the publishing segment contributed 6% to consolidated revenues in each of the years 2014, 2013, and 2012, and 3%, 4% and 3% to consolidated operating income in 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively.
local broadcasting:  the local broadcasting segment consists of cbs television stations and cbs radio, with revenues generated primarily from advertising sales and affiliate fees. the local broadcasting segment contributed 20%, 19% and 22% to consolidated revenues in 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively, and 28%, 27% and 31% to consolidated operating income in 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively.
ii-6
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
consolidated results of operations-2014 vs. 2013 and 2013 vs. 2012
revenues the following tables present the company's consolidated revenues by type for each of the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012.
revenues by type                                                                           increase/(decrease)                                         increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                       2014                2013                           2014 vs. 2013                2012                           2013 vs. 2012
advertising                             $7,204              $7,525               $(321     )          (4   )%           $7,191                $334                 5     %
content licensing and distribution       3,990               3,997                  (7     )           -                 3,468                 529                15
affiliate and subscription fees          2,362               2,221       141                           6                 1,921                 300                16
other                                      250                 262                 (12     )          (5   )               240                  22                 9
total revenues                         $13,806             $14,005               $(199     )          (1   )%          $12,820              $1,185                 9     %
year ended december 31, percentage of revenues by type           2014           2013           2012
advertising                           52   %         54    %        56    %
content licensing and distribution    29             29             27
affiliate and subscription fees       17             15             15
other                                  2              2              2
total                                100   %        100    %       100    %
advertising advertising revenues decreased 4% to $7.20 billion in 2014 from $7.53 billion in 2013. this decrease reflects the benefit to 2013 from the cbs television network's super bowl broadcast, which is broadcast on the cbs television network once every three years, and the broadcast of four fewer ncaa tournament games on cbs during 2014. taken together these items impacted the advertising revenue comparison by five percentage points. these decreases were partially offset by the addition of thursday night football on cbs in 2014 as well as political advertising spending associated with midterm elections.
in 2013, advertising revenues increased 5% to $7.53 billion from $7.19 billion in 2012. this growth was principally driven by an increase at the cbs television network, including the 2013 broadcast of the super bowl, and increases at cbs interactive. these increases were partially offset by lower political advertising revenues as 2012 benefited from the u.s. presidential election.
in 2015, the local advertising revenue comparison will be impacted by the benefit in 2014 from political advertising spending associated with midterm elections. for national advertising, upfront advertising sales for the 2014/2015 television broadcast season, which runs from the middle of september 2014 through the middle of september 2015, resulted in pricing increases with lower overall volume, compared with the 2013/2014 broadcast season. as a result, in 2015 more advertising spots will be available in the scatter advertising market, which is when advertisers purchase the remaining advertising spots closer to the broadcast of the related programming. overall advertising revenues will be impacted by ratings for the company's programming as well as market conditions, including demand in the scatter advertising market. (see page i-2 for a description of advertising sales in the upfront and scatter markets.)
content licensing and distribution content licensing and distribution revenues are principally comprised of fees from the licensing of internally produced television programming to multiple media platforms and in various geographic locations; fees from the distribution of third party programming; and revenues from the publishing and distribution of consumer books. for 2014, content licensing and distribution revenues of $3.99 billion were comparable with 2013 revenues of $4.00
ii-7
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
billion reflecting higher revenues from the licensing of the company's television programming offset by lower revenues from book sales and theatrical releases. for 2013, content licensing and distribution revenues increased 15% to $4.00 billion from $3.47 billion in 2012 reflecting growth from the domestic and international licensing of programming. significant contributors to television licensing revenues in 2014 included blue bloods, hawaii five-0, and dexter and in 2013 included ncis: los angeles and the good wife.
for 2015, the content licensing and distribution revenue comparison will be impacted by fluctuations resulting from the timing of the availability of company-owned television series for multi-year licensing agreements. television license fee revenues are recognized at the beginning of the license period in which programs are made available to the licensee for exhibition.
affiliate and subscription fees affiliate and subscription fees are principally comprised of revenues received from mvpds for carriage of the company's cable networks, as well as for authorizing the mvpds' carriage of the company's owned television stations ("retransmission fees"); fees received from television stations affiliated with the cbs television network ("station affiliation fees"); and subscription fees for online content. for 2014, affiliate and subscription fees increased 6% to $2.36 billion from $2.22 billion in 2013 and for 2013, affiliate and subscription fees increased 16% from $1.92 billion in 2012. these increases reflect higher rates across the company. for 2014, the increase was partially offset by lower revenues from showtime networks' distribution of pay-per-view boxing events. in 2015, the company expects continued growth in affiliate and subscription fees.
other other revenues, which include ancillary fees for entertainment, cable networks and local broadcasting operations, decreased 5% to $250 million in 2014 from $262 million in 2013, principally reflecting lower ancillary digital revenues. for 2013, other revenues increased 9% to $262 million from $240 million in 2012 primarily as a result of higher ancillary digital revenues.
international revenues international revenues primarily consist of television licensing revenues. the company generated approximately 13% of its total revenues from international regions in each of 2014 and 2013, and 12% in 2012.
% of                                  % of                                  % of year ended december 31,                 2014     international                2013     international                2012     international united kingdom                      $270           15        %            $359           20        %            $245           16        %
other europe                         657           37                      607           33                      498           32
canada                               241           13                      270           15                      260           17
asia                                 262           15                      225           12                      198           13
other                                363           20                      366           20                      344           22
total international revenues      $1,793          100        %          $1,827          100        %          $1,545          100        %
ii-8
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
operating expenses the table below presents the company's consolidated operating expenses by type for each of the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012.
operating expenses by type                                                                     increase/(decrease)                                         increase/(decrease)
year ended december 31,                            2014   2013                                       2014 vs. 2013   2012                                        2013 vs. 2012
programming                                  $2,938              $3,047              $(109     )         (4    )%           $2,621                $426                16     %
production                                    2,493               2,491                  2               -                   2,149                 342                16
participation, distribution and royalty       1,185               1,112                 73                 7                 1,004                 108                11
other                                         1,473               1,474                 (1     )         -                   1,490                 (16     )          (1     )
total operating expenses                     $8,089              $8,124               $(35     )         -     %            $7,264                $860                12     %
programming expenses represented 36% of total operating expenses for 2014, 38% for 2013 and 36% for 2012, and reflect the amortization of acquired rights of programs exhibited on the broadcast and cable networks, and television and radio stations.  programming expenses decreased 4% to $2.94 billion in 2014 from $3.05 billion in 2013 driven by the absence of costs associated with the cbs television network's broadcast of the super bowl in 2013. programming expenses also reflect an increased investment in programming, primarily for thursday night football on cbs, partially offset by lower costs for acquired television series as a result of a shift to a higher mix of internally developed television series during 2014. for 2013, programming expenses increased 16% to $3.05 billion from $2.62 billion in 2012 primarily reflecting higher sports programming costs associated with the 2013 broadcast of the super bowl on cbs and showtime networks' distribution of two pay-per-view boxing events, as well as higher investment in acquired television programming.
production expenses represented 31% of total operating expenses for each of the years 2014 and 2013, and 30% for 2012, and reflect the amortization of direct costs of internally developed television and theatrical film content, as well as television and radio costs, including on-air talent and other production costs. for 2014, production expenses of $2.49 billion remained flat with 2013, as an increased investment in internally developed television programming was offset by lower costs associated with the mix of titles licensed under television licensing arrangements. for 2013, production expenses increased 16% to $2.49 billion from $2.15 billion in 2012 primarily driven by increased revenues from the first-cycle domestic availabilities of ncis: los angeles and the good wife, as well as higher investment in internally developed television programming.
participation, distribution and royalty costs, which represented 15% of total operating expenses for 2014 and 14% for each of the years 2013 and 2012, primarily include participation and residual expenses for television programming, royalty costs for publishing content and other distribution expenses incurred with respect to television and feature film content, such as print and advertising. participation, distribution and royalty costs increased 7% to $1.19 billion in 2014 from $1.11 billion in 2013, principally due to higher participations and residuals associated with the mix of titles licensed under television licensing arrangements, partially offset by lower advertising costs for feature films. for 2013, participation, distribution and royalty costs increased 11% to $1.11 billion from $1.00 billion in 2012, principally due to higher participations associated with higher revenues from the licensing of television programming.
other operating expenses, which represented 18% of total operating expenses for each of the years 2014 and 2013, and 21% for 2012, primarily include compensation and costs associated with book sales, including printing and warehousing.  for 2014, other operating expenses of $1.47 billion remained flat compared with 2013 and for 2013, decreased 1% to $1.47 billion from $1.49 billion in 2012.
ii-9
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses, which include expenses incurred for selling and marketing costs, occupancy and back office support, represented 18% of total revenues for each of the years 2014 and 2013, and 19% for 2012. for 2014, sg&a expenses decreased $84 million, or 3%, to $2.46 billion from $2.55 billion in 2013 primarily reflecting lower stock-based compensation expense, driven by a change in the company's stock price.
for 2013, sg&a expenses increased $104 million, or 4%, to $2.55 billion from $2.44 billion in 2012 reflecting higher employee-related costs, mainly associated with $75 million higher stock-based compensation primarily from a change in the company's stock price and an increase in selling expenses associated with higher revenues. these increases were partially offset by a 2012 charge related to a publishing legal settlement.
restructuring charges during the year ended december 31, 2014, in a continued effort to reduce its cost structure, the company initiated restructuring plans across several of its businesses, primarily for the reorganization or closure of certain business operations. as a result, the company recorded restructuring charges of $26 million, reflecting $17 million of severance costs and $9 million of costs associated with exiting contractual obligations. during the year ended december 31, 2013, the company recorded restructuring charges of $20 million, reflecting $14 million of severance costs and $6 million of costs associated with exiting contractual obligations. as of december 31, 2014, the cumulative amount paid for the 2014 and 2013 restructuring charges was $24 million, of which $17 million was for the severance costs and $7 million related to costs associated with exiting contractual obligations. the 2013 restructuring reserve was substantially utilized at december 31, 2014. the company expects to substantially utilize the 2014 restructuring reserve by the end of 2015.
balance at               2014   2014               balance at december 31, 2013            charges           payments   december 31, 2014
entertainment                     $8                        $8                $(8    )         $8
cable networks                     1                         -                 (1    )         -
publishing                         1                         1                 (2    )         -
local broadcasting                 4                        14                 (6    )   12
corporate                          1                         3                 (2    )   2
total                            $15                       $26               $(19    )         $22
2013   2013                                balance at charges       payments                 december 31, 2013
entertainment                $12            $(4       )                 $8
cable networks                 1            -                            1
publishing                     1            -                            1
local broadcasting             5            (1        )                  4
corporate                      1            -                            1
total                        $20            $(5       )                $15
impairment charges in december 2014, the company completed a radio station swap with beasley broadcast group, inc. through which the company exchanged 13 of its radio stations in tampa and charlotte as well as one radio station in philadelphia, for two radio stations in philadelphia and three radio stations in miami. in connection with the radio station swap, the company recorded a pretax noncash impairment charge of $52 million to reduce the carrying value of the allocated goodwill.
ii-10
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
in 2012, in connection with the sale of its five owned radio stations in west palm beach, the company recorded a pretax noncash impairment charge of $11 million to reduce the carrying value of the allocated goodwill.
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization decreased $9 million, or 3%, to $281 million for 2014 from $290 million for 2013, reflecting lower amortization resulting from certain intangible assets that became fully amortized during 2014. for 2013, depreciation and amortization decreased $16 million, or 5% from $306 million for 2012, reflecting lower depreciation associated with declining capital expenditure levels and lower amortization resulting from certain intangible assets that became fully amortized.
interest expense interest expense decreased $12 million, or 3%, to $363 million for 2014 from $375 million for 2013 and for 2013, decreased $26 million, or 6% from $401 million for 2012. these decreases were driven by the company's debt refinancing during 2014 and 2012.  during 2014, the company issued $1.75 billion of senior notes and used the net proceeds principally for the early redemption of $1.07 billion of its outstanding debt, which was at significantly higher interest rates, and also redeemed $99 million of outstanding 8.875% notes upon maturity (see "capital structure").
the company had $6.53 billion of long-term debt outstanding at december 31, 2014 and $5.96 billion at december 31, 2013, at a weighted average interest rate of 4.9% and 6.0%, respectively. at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, the company also had $616 million and $475 million of commercial paper borrowings outstanding at weighted average interest rates of 0.46% and 0.28%, respectively.
during january 2015, the company issued $600 million of 3.50% senior notes due 2025 and $600 million of 4.60% senior notes due 2045 and used the net proceeds for the repurchase of cbs corp. class b common stock and repayment of short-term borrowings, including commercial paper. the 2015 debt issuances and 2014 debt refinancing activity are expected to result in an annualized net increase to interest expense of approximately $15 million.
interest income interest income increased $5 million to $13 million for 2014 from $8 million for 2013 and for 2013, increased $3 million from $5 million in 2012.
net loss on early extinguishment of debt for 2014, the loss on early extinguishment of debt of $352 million reflected a pretax loss associated with the redemption of the company's $600 million of 8.875% senior notes due 2019, $423 million of its 7.875% senior debentures due 2030, $37 million of its 7.875% debentures due 2023, and $6 million of its 7.125% senior notes due 2023.
for 2012, the net loss on early extinguishment of debt of $32 million reflected a pretax loss associated with the redemption of the company's $338 million of 5.625% senior notes due 2012 and $400 million of 8.20% senior notes due 2014, partially offset by the pretax gain recognized upon the redemption of the company's $700 million of 6.75% senior notes due 2056.
other items, net for all periods presented, "other items, net" primarily consisted of foreign exchange gains and losses. the loss of $30 million in 2014 was driven by the strengthening of the u.s. dollar.
ii-11
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
provision for income taxes the provision for income taxes represents federal, state and local, and foreign income taxes on earnings from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in loss of investee companies. for 2014, the provision for income taxes was $762 million compared with $878 million in 2013 and $812 million in 2012, reflecting an effective income tax rate of 35%, 33%, and 34%, respectively. the company's income tax provision for 2014 included a tax benefit of $133 million associated with the loss on early extinguishment of debt of $352 million. for 2015, the company's annual effective tax rate is expected to be comparable with the prior three years.
equity in loss of investee companies, net of tax equity in loss of investee companies, net of tax, reflects the company's share of the operating results of its equity investments and was $48 million for 2014, $49 million for 2013, and $37 million for 2012.
net earnings from continuing operations net earnings from continuing operations of $1.35 billion for 2014 decreased $384 million, or 22%, versus $1.74 billion for 2013, and diluted eps from continuing operations decreased $.38 to $2.41 for 2014 versus $2.79 for 2013. these decreases were driven by lower operating income and the loss on early extinguishment of debt. for 2013 net earnings from continuing operations increased $230 million, or 15% from $1.51 billion for 2012 and diluted eps increased $.50 from $2.29 for 2012, reflecting higher operating income and lower interest expense. the diluted eps comparisons in each period benefited from lower weighted average shares outstanding as a result of the company's ongoing share repurchase program. for 2014, weighted average shares outstanding also decreased as a result of the split-off of outdoor americas on july 16, 2014.
net earnings from discontinued operations on july 16, 2014, the company completed the disposition of outdoor americas and, as a result, outdoor americas has been presented as a discontinued operation in the company's consolidated financial statements for all periods presented. in aggregate, the company received $4.76 billion from the disposition of outdoor americas, including $2.04 billion of cash and $2.72 billion in shares of cbs corp. class b common stock that were accepted in the split-off. the disposition was completed in three phases. first, in january 2014 outdoor americas borrowed $1.60 billion and provided $1.52 billion of the proceeds to the company. next, on april 2, 2014, outdoor americas completed an ipo through which it sold 23.0 million shares, or approximately 19%, of its common stock for $28.00 per share. proceeds from the ipo, net of underwriting discounts and commissions, aggregated $615 million, of which $515 million was provided to the company. upon completion of the ipo, the company owned 97.0 million shares, or approximately 81% of outdoor americas. finally, on july 16, 2014, the company completed the disposition of its 81% ownership of outdoor americas common stock through the split-off. in connection with the split-off, the company accepted 44.7 million shares of cbs corp. class b common stock from its stockholders in exchange for the 97.0 million shares of outdoor americas common stock that it owned. this transaction resulted in a gain of $1.56 billion in 2014 which is calculated as follows:
fair value of cbs corp. class b common stock accepted            $2,721
(44,723,131 shares at $60.85 per share on july 16, 2014)
carrying value of outdoor americas                               (1,162   )
accumulated other comprehensive income                     30
transaction costs                                                   (32   )
net gain on split-off of outdoor americas                        $1,557
the split-off was a tax-free transaction and therefore, there is no tax impact on the gain.
ii-12
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
during 2013, the company completed the sale of outdoor europe for $225 million. outdoor europe is presented as a discontinued operation for all periods. for 2013, net earnings from discontinued operations include a gain on the disposal of outdoor europe and an after-tax charge of $110 million related to outdoor europe. this charge was associated with exiting an unprofitable contractual arrangement and the estimated fair value of guarantees, which historically were intercompany but upon the closing of the transaction became third-party guarantees (see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements).
the following table sets forth details of net earnings from discontinued operations for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012.
year ended december 31,                                                                                        2014                2013                2012
revenues from discontinued operations                                                                      $677              $1,695              $1,873
earnings (loss) from discontinued operations                                                                $79                $(12   )            $128
income tax provision                                                                                        (26   )               -                 (62   )
earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax                                                     53                 (12   )              66
gain on disposal                                                                                          1,557                 159                   -
income tax provision                                                                                          -                  (6   )               -
gain on disposal, net of tax                                                                              1,557                 153                   -
less: net earnings from discontinued operations attributable to noncontrolling interest, net of tax           5                   -                   -
net earnings from discontinued operations attributable to cbs corp.                                      $1,605                $141                 $66
net earnings and diluted eps for 2014, net earnings were $2.96 billion, or $5.27 per diluted share, compared with $1.88 billion, or $3.01 per diluted share in 2013 and $1.57 billion, or $2.39 per diluted share in 2012. included in net earnings for 2014 is a gain of $1.56 billion from the split-off of outdoor americas.
free cash flow free cash flow is a non-gaap financial measure. free cash flow reflects the company's net cash flow provided by (used for) operating activities before operating cash flow from discontinued operations and less capital expenditures. the company's calculation of free cash flow includes capital expenditures because investment in capital expenditures is a use of cash that is directly related to the company's operations. the company's net cash flow provided by (used for) operating activities is the most directly comparable gaap financial measure.
management believes free cash flow provides investors with an important perspective on the cash available to the company to service debt, make strategic acquisitions and investments, maintain its capital assets, satisfy its tax obligations, and fund ongoing operations and working capital needs. as a result, free cash flow is a significant measure of the company's ability to generate long-term value. it is useful for investors to know whether this ability is being enhanced or degraded as a result of the company's operating performance. the company believes the presentation of free cash flow is relevant and useful for investors because it allows investors to evaluate the cash generated from the company's underlying operations in a manner similar to the method used by management. free cash flow is one of several components of incentive compensation targets for certain management personnel. in addition, free cash flow is a primary measure used externally by the company's investors, analysts and industry peers for purposes of valuation and comparison of the company's operating performance to other companies in its industry.
ii-13
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
as free cash flow is not a measure calculated in accordance with gaap, free cash flow should not be considered in isolation of, or as a substitute for, either net cash flow provided by (used for) operating activities as a measure of liquidity or net earnings as a measure of operating performance. free cash flow, as the company calculates it, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures employed by other companies. in addition, free cash flow as a measure of liquidity has certain limitations, does not necessarily represent funds available for discretionary use and is not necessarily a measure of the company's ability to fund its cash needs. when comparing free cash flow to net cash flow provided by (used for) operating activities, the most directly comparable gaap financial measure, users of this financial information should consider the types of events and transactions that are not reflected in free cash flow.
the following table presents a reconciliation of the company's net cash flow provided by operating activities to free cash flow.
year ended december 31,                                             2014                2013                2012
net cash flow provided by operating activities                $1,275              $1,873              $1,815
capital expenditures                                            (206   )            (212   )            (200   )
exclude operating cash flow from discontinued operations          65                  94                 310
free cash flow                                                $1,004              $1,567              $1,305
segment results of operations - for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012
the following tables present the company's revenues; operating income (loss) before depreciation and amortization ("oibda"), restructuring charges and impairment charges ("segment oibda"); operating income (loss); and depreciation and amortization by segment, for each of the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012. the company presents segment oibda as the primary measure of profit and loss for its operating segments ("segment profit measure") in accordance with financial accounting standards board ("fasb") guidance for segment reporting. beginning in the first quarter of 2015, the company will present operating income excluding restructuring charges and impairment charges as its segment profit measure, in order to align with the primary method the company's management began using in 2015 to evaluate segment performance and to make decisions regarding the allocation of resources to its segments. the company believes the presentation of its segment profit measure is relevant and useful for investors because it allows investors to view segment performance in a manner similar to the primary method used by the company's management and enhances their ability to understand the company's operating performance. the reconciliation of segment oibda to the company's consolidated net earnings is presented in note 16 (reportable segments) to the consolidated financial statements.
year ended december 31,            2014                2013                2012
revenues:
entertainment                $8,309              $8,645              $7,694
cable networks                2,176               2,069               1,772
publishing                      778                 809                 790
local broadcasting            2,756               2,696               2,774
corporate/eliminations         (213   )            (214   )            (210   )
total revenues              $13,806             $14,005             $12,820
ii-14
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
year ended december 31,                        2014                2013                2012
segment oibda:
entertainment                            $1,455              $1,758              $1,549
cable networks                              997                 898                 811
publishing                                  107                 113                  89
local broadcasting                          965                 898                 957
corporate                                  (269   )            (332   )            (292   )
total segment oibda                       3,255               3,335               3,114
restructuring charges                       (26   )             (20   )             (19   )
impairment charges                          (52   )               -                 (11   )
depreciation and amortization              (281   )            (290   )            (306   )
total operating income                   $2,896              $3,025              $2,778
operating income (loss):
entertainment                            $1,308              $1,593              $1,381
cable networks                              974                 877                 785
publishing                                  100                 106                  80
local broadcasting                          812                 807                 848
corporate                                  (298   )            (358   )            (316   )
total operating income                   $2,896              $3,025              $2,778
depreciation and amortization:
entertainment                              $139                $153                $161
cable networks                               23                  20                  26
publishing                                    6                   6                   6
local broadcasting                           87                  86                  90
corporate                                    26                  25                  23
total depreciation and amortization        $281                $290                $306
entertainment (cbs television network, cbs television studios, cbs global distribution group, cbs interactive and cbs films)
(contributed 60%, 62% and 60% to consolidated revenues in 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively, and 45%, 53% and 50% to consolidated operating income in 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively.)
year ended december 31,                        2014                2013                2012
revenues                                 $8,309              $8,645              $7,694
segment oibda                            $1,455              $1,758              $1,549
restructuring charges                        (8   )             (12   )              (7   )
depreciation and amortization              (139   )            (153   )            (161   )
operating income                         $1,308              $1,593              $1,381
segment oibda as a % of revenues             18   %              20   %              20   %
operating income as a % of revenues          16   %              18   %              18   %
capital expenditures                        $94                $101                 $92
2014 vs. 2013
for 2014, entertainment revenues decreased 4% to $8.31 billion from $8.65 billion in 2013 reflecting lower advertising revenues and content licensing and distribution revenues, partially offset by growth in affiliate and subscription fee revenues.  advertising revenues decreased 7%, mainly driven by the benefit to 2013 from the cbs television network's broadcast of the super bowl, which is broadcast on cbs once every three years, and four fewer ncaa tournament games broadcast on cbs in 2014. these decreases were partially offset by advertising revenues from the broadcast of thursday night football on cbs. content licensing and distribution revenues decreased 2% reflecting the timing of theatrical releases and television licensing revenues. television licensing revenues in 2014
ii-15
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
included the first-cycle domestic syndication sales of blue bloods and hawaii five-0 and in 2013 included ncis: los angeles and the good wife.
for 2014, entertainment oibda decreased $303 million, or 17%, to $1.46 billion from $1.76 billion for 2013 primarily reflecting an increased investment in programming, primarily for nfl games. for 2014, restructuring charges of $8 million principally reflected severance costs and costs associated with exiting operating facilities. restructuring charges of $12 million in 2013 principally reflected costs associated with exiting certain international operations and severance costs.
revenue comparisons in 2015 will be impacted by fluctuations resulting from the timing of the availability of television series for multi-year licensing agreements. television license fee revenues are recognized at the beginning of the license period in which programs are made available to the licensee for exhibition, while the related cash is collected over the term of the license period. at december 31, 2014 and 2013, total outstanding receivables attributable to revenues recognized under licensing agreements were $3.57 billion and $3.14 billion, respectively. at december 31, 2014, the total amount due from these receivables was $1.56 billion in 2015, $1.00 billion in 2016, $531 million in 2017, $245 million in 2018, and $231 million in 2019 and thereafter. unrecognized revenues attributable to license agreements for produced programming that is not yet available for exhibition were $1.02 billion and $1.14 billion at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
2013 vs. 2012
for 2013, entertainment revenues increased 12% to $8.65 billion from $7.69 billion in 2012 reflecting higher advertising revenues, content licensing and distribution revenues and affiliate and subscription fees.  advertising revenues increased 10%, driven by growth at the cbs television network of 10%, reflecting higher revenues from sports, including the broadcast of super bowl xlvii on the cbs television network in 2013, as well as an increase in primetime. also contributing to the advertising revenue growth was an increase of 18% at cbs interactive.  content licensing and distribution revenues increased 15%, reflecting growth from domestic and international licensing of television programming for digital streaming and syndication, led by the first-cycle domestic availabilities of ncis: los angeles and the good wife.
for 2013, entertainment oibda increased $209 million, or 13%, to $1.76 billion from $1.55 billion for 2012, principally driven by the growth in revenues which was partially offset by an increased investment in television content and higher sports programming costs associated with the super bowl broadcast. for 2012, restructuring charges of $7 million principally reflected severance costs.
cable networks (showtime networks, cbs sports network and smithsonian networks)
(contributed 16%, 15% and 14% to consolidated revenues in 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively, and 34%, 29% and 28% to consolidated operating income in 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively.)
year ended december 31,                        2014                2013                2012
revenues                                 $2,176              $2,069              $1,772
segment oibda                              $997                $898                $811
restructuring charges                         -                  (1   )               -
depreciation and amortization               (23   )             (20   )             (26   )
operating income                           $974                $877                $785
segment oibda as a % of revenues             46   %              43   %              46   %
operating income as a % of revenues          45   %              42   %              44   %
capital expenditures                        $16                 $16                 $18
ii-16
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
2014 vs. 2013
for 2014, cable networks revenues increased $107 million, or 5%, to $2.18 billion from $2.07 billion in 2013 driven by higher revenues from the licensing of showtime original series for digital streaming, mainly dexter and californication. revenue growth also reflects higher affiliate revenues, primarily reflecting rate increases. these increases were partially offset by lower revenues from pay-per-view boxing events. as of december 31, 2014, subscriptions totaled approximately 76 million for showtime networks (including showtime, the movie channel and flix), 55 million for cbs sports network and 30 million for smithsonian networks.
for 2014, cable networks oibda increased $99 million, or 11%, to $997 million from $898 million for 2013 primarily as a result of the increased revenues and lower programming costs from the timing of premieres.
in january 2015, showtime networks entered into new multi-year content licensing and trademark license agreements under which company-owned showtime original series, including library series, will be made available in canada across all platforms of a canadian media company, including its new streaming service, as well as its pay television service.
2013 vs. 2012
for 2013, cable networks revenues increased $297 million, or 17%, to $2.07 billion from $1.77 billion in 2012 driven by higher revenues from the licensing of showtime original series for digital streaming and syndication, led by dexter; revenues from the distribution of two floyd mayweather pay-per-view boxing events; and higher affiliate revenues.  growth in affiliate revenues reflected rate increases and growth in subscriptions at showtime networks, cbs sports network and smithsonian networks. as of december 31, 2013, subscriptions totaled approximately 76 million for showtime networks (including showtime, the movie channel and flix), 51 million for cbs sports network and 21 million for smithsonian networks.
for 2013, cable networks oibda increased $87 million, or 11%, to $898 million from $811 million for 2012 principally due to the aforementioned revenue increases, partially offset by higher programming and production costs associated with the pay-per-view boxing events, the increase in licensing revenues and increased investment in showtime original series.  cable networks oibda margin decreased to 43% in 2013 from 46% in 2012 due to the margin impact from the distribution of the above mentioned pay-per-view boxing events.
publishing (simon & schuster)
(contributed 6% to consolidated revenues in each of the years 2014, 2013, and 2012, and 3%, 4% and 3% to consolidated operating income in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.)
year ended december 31,                      2014              2013              2012
revenues                                 $778              $809              $790
segment oibda                            $107              $113               $89
restructuring charges                      (1   )            (1   )            (3   )
depreciation and amortization              (6   )            (6   )            (6   )
operating income                         $100              $106               $80
segment oibda as a % of revenues           14   %            14   %            11   %
operating income as a % of revenues        13   %            13   %            10   %
capital expenditures                       $4                $4                $5
ii-17
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
2014 vs. 2013
for 2014, publishing revenues decreased $31 million, or 4%, to $778 million from $809 million in 2013 reflecting lower book sales as 2013 benefited from the popularity of the duck dynasty series.  digital book sales represented 26% of publishing's total revenues for 2014.  best-selling titles in 2014 included hard choices by hillary rodham clinton and mr. mercedes by stephen king.
for 2014, publishing oibda decreased $6 million, or 5%, to $107 million from $113 million for 2013 reflecting the aforementioned lower revenues partially offset by lower inventory, selling and overhead costs.
2013 vs. 2012
for 2013, publishing revenues increased $19 million, or 2%, to $809 million from $790 million in 2012 led by growth in digital book sales.  digital book sales increased 22% from the same prior-year period and represented 27% of publishing's total revenues. best-selling titles in 2013 included doctor sleep by stephen king and happy, happy, happy by phil robertson.
for 2013, publishing oibda increased $24 million, or 27%, to $113 million from $89 million for 2012.  the increase was mainly driven by the revenue growth, a charge in 2012 related to a legal settlement and a decline in production and distribution costs associated with a higher mix of revenues from digital book sales, partially offset by higher advertising expenses. restructuring charges of $3 million in 2012 primarily reflected costs associated with combining several of publishing's imprints.
local broadcasting (cbs television stations and cbs radio)
(contributed 20%, 19% and 22% to consolidated revenues in 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively, and 28%, 27% and 31% to consolidated operating income in 2014, 2013, and 2012, respectively.)
year ended december 31,                        2014                2013                2012
revenues                                 $2,756              $2,696              $2,774
segment oibda                              $965                $898                $957
restructuring charges                       (14   )              (5   )              (8   )
impairment charges                          (52   )               -                 (11   )
depreciation and amortization               (87   )             (86   )             (90   )
operating income                           $812                $807                $848
segment oibda as a % of revenues             35   %              33   %              34   %
operating income as a % of revenues          29   %              30   %              31   %
capital expenditures                        $65                 $64                 $64
2014 vs. 2013
for 2014, local broadcasting revenues increased $60 million, or 2%, to $2.76 billion from $2.70 billion in 2013, primarily driven by higher political advertising revenues as a result of midterm elections and growth in affiliate and subscription fee revenues. cbs television stations revenues grew 4% and cbs radio revenues increased 1%.
local broadcasting oibda increased $67 million, or 7%, to $965 million from $898 million for 2013, principally reflecting the increase in revenues as well as lower programming costs, mainly for sports. restructuring charges of $14 million in 2014 reflected severance costs and costs associated with exiting contractual obligations. for 2013, restructuring charges of $5 million principally reflected severance costs.
ii-18
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
in 2015, affiliate and subscription fee revenues are expected to continue to increase, while advertising revenues will be negatively impacted by lower political spending as 2014 benefited from midterm elections.
2013 vs. 2012
for 2013, local broadcasting revenues decreased $78 million, or 3%, to $2.70 billion from $2.77 billion for 2012. cbs television stations revenues decreased 4%, primarily driven by lower political advertising and lower revenues from the nonrenewal of an unprofitable sports programming contract. these decreases were partially offset by the benefit of the 2013 broadcast of super bowl xlvii to the company's owned cbs affiliated stations and higher affiliate and subscription fee revenues. cbs radio revenues decreased 1% principally reflecting the impact of radio station dispositions in 2012, partially offset by the benefit from the new cbs sports radio network.
for 2013, local broadcasting oibda decreased $59 million, or 6%, to $898 million from $957 million for 2012, principally reflecting lower revenues, partially offset by lower television programming costs and the benefit from the nonrenewal of an unprofitable sports programming contract. restructuring charges of $8 million in 2012 reflected severance costs and costs associated with exiting contractual obligations.
transactions in december 2014, the company completed a radio station swap with beasley broadcast group, inc. through which the company exchanged 13 of its radio stations in tampa and charlotte as well as one radio station in philadelphia, for two radio stations in philadelphia and three radio stations in miami. in connection with the radio station swap, the company recorded a pretax noncash impairment charge of $52 million to reduce the carrying value of the allocated goodwill.
during 2012, the company recorded a pretax noncash impairment charge of $11 million to reduce the carrying value of the allocated goodwill in connection with the disposition of the company's radio stations in west palm beach.
corporate corporate expenses include general corporate overhead, unallocated shared company expenses, pension and postretirement benefit costs for plans retained by the company for previously divested businesses, and intercompany eliminations. for 2014, corporate expenses decreased 17% to $298 million from $358 million for 2013 and for 2013, increased 13% from $316 million for 2012, primarily reflecting the impact of changes in the company's stock price on stock-based compensation. the increase in 2013 was partially offset by lower pension and postretirement benefit costs, reflecting the benefit from pre-funding pension plans in 2012 and the favorable performance of pension plan assets.
financial position current assets increased by $219 million to $5.59 billion at december 31, 2014 from $5.37 billion at december 31, 2013, primarily due to an increase in receivables associated with the licensing of television programming; an increase in programming inventory, primarily reflecting the timing of payments under the company's agreement with the nfl for sunday football; and an increase in prepaid income taxes. these increases were partially offset by a $351 million decrease in current assets of discontinued operations resulting from the split-off of outdoor americas in the third quarter of 2014. the allowance for doubtful accounts as a percentage of receivables decreased to 1.4% at december 31, 2014 compared with 1.8% at december 31, 2013, primarily due to the increase in receivables relating to television licensing agreements, which have historically had a low rate of uncollectability, as well as improved collections.
ii-19
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
assets held for sale at december 31, 2013 included the property and equipment, goodwill, and fcc licenses disposed of in the radio station swap with beasley broadcast group, inc.
other assets increased by $525 million to $2.49 billion at december 31, 2014 from $1.96 billion at december 31, 2013, primarily reflecting higher long-term receivables associated with additional revenues from long-term television licensing arrangements. television license fee revenues are recognized at the beginning of the license period in which programs are made available to the licensee for exhibition, while the related cash is collected over the term of the license period. as of december 31, 2014, total outstanding receivables from licensing arrangements, including both current and noncurrent, were $3.57 billion versus $3.14 billion at december 31, 2013. at december 31, 2014, the total amount due from these receivables was $1.56 billion in 2015, $1.00 billion in 2016, $531 million in 2017, $245 million in 2018, and $231 million in 2019 and thereafter.
current liabilities decreased by $174 million to $4.03 billion at december 31, 2014 from $4.21 billion at december 31, 2013, primarily driven by a decrease in current liabilities of discontinued operations resulting from the split-off of outdoor americas in the third quarter of 2014, partially offset by an increase in commercial paper borrowings.
pension and postretirement benefit obligations increased by $237 million to $1.56 billion at december 31, 2014 from $1.33 billion at december 31, 2013, primarily due to a decrease in the discount rate, partially offset by the favorable performance of pension plan assets.
the decreases in long-term assets and long-term liabilities of discontinued operations of $3.09 billion and $359 million, respectively, reflect the split-off of outdoor americas in the third quarter of 2014.
cash flows the changes in cash and cash equivalents were as follows:
year ended december 31,                                           2014                2013                2012
cash provided by operating activities from:
continuing operations                                       $1,210              $1,779              $1,505
discontinued operations                                         65                  94                 310
cash provided by operating activities                        1,275               1,873               1,815
cash used for investing activities from:
continuing operations                                         (316   )            (214   )            (375   )
discontinued operations                                       (285   )             (58   )             (76   )
cash used for investing activities                            (601   )            (272   )            (451   )
cash (used for) provided by financing activities from:
continuing operations                                       (2,810   )          (1,912   )          (1,316   )
discontinued operations                                      2,167                   -                   -
cash used for financing activities                            (643   )          (1,912   )          (1,316   )
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents           $31               $(311   )             $48
operating activities.  in 2014, cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations decreased to $1.21 billion from $1.78 billion in 2013 reflecting higher payments for interest, as 2014 included payments of $360 million associated with the early extinguishment of debt, primarily for early redemption premiums. the decrease in operating cash flows also reflects the benefit to 2013 from cbs's super bowl broadcast and the timing of payments for sports programming. these declines were partially offset by contributions of $150 million in 2013 to prefund the company's qualified pension plans, with no comparable amount in 2014, as well as higher collections from television licensing agreements.
ii-20
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
in 2013, cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations increased $274 million to $1.78 billion from $1.51 billion in 2012 primarily reflecting growth in operating income, the benefit from the 2013 super bowl broadcast on the cbs television network and lower payments for interest.  cash interest payments for 2012 included approximately $60 million associated with the early extinguishment of debt, primarily for early redemption premiums.  the increase from operating income was partially offset by an increase in receivables from the licensing of television programming, driven by the timing difference between revenue recognition and collections for long term television licensing arrangements. revenues from the licensing of television programming are recognized when the television series is made available to the licensee, at the beginning of the applicable license period, while the related cash is collected over the term of the license period.
cash paid for income taxes from continuing operations was $217 million for 2014, $294 million for 2013 and $331 million for 2012. these amounts are net of excess tax benefits for the exercise of stock options and vesting of restricted stock units of $243 million, $148 million, and $103 million, respectively, which are presented in cash flows from financing activities. cash taxes included in cash flows from operating activities from continuing operations were $460 million in 2014, $442 million in 2013 and $434 million in 2012.
cash provided by operating activities from discontinued operations decreased $29 million to $65 million in 2014 from $94 million in 2013 and for 2013 decreased $216 million from $310 million for 2012. included in 2013 was a payment of $171 million associated with exiting an unprofitable contractual arrangement in connection with the sale of outdoor europe.
investing activities.  in 2014, cash used for investing activities from continuing operations of $316 million principally reflects capital expenditures of $206 million and investments in investee companies of $98 million, mainly for the company's investment in the cw as well as its other domestic and international television joint ventures. in 2013, cash used for investing activities from continuing operations of $214 million principally reflects capital expenditures of $212 million and investments in investee companies of $176 million, mainly for the company's initial investment in pop (formerly known as tvgn, tv guide network) as well as its other domestic and international television joint ventures. these cash uses were partially offset by net proceeds from dispositions of $164 million, principally from the sale of outdoor europe. in 2012, cash used for investing activities from continuing operations of $375 million principally reflected capital expenditures of $200 million and acquisitions of $146 million, primarily for television and radio stations.
capital expenditures for 2015 are anticipated to be at a similar level to 2014.
cash used for investing activities from discontinued operations of $285 million for 2014 principally reflects the disposition of outdoor americas' cash as well as the capital expenditures of outdoor americas. cash used for investing activities from discontinued operations for 2013 and 2012 of $58 million and $76 million, respectively, primarily reflects the capital expenditures of outdoor americas and for 2012 also includes the capital expenditures of outdoor europe.
financing activities.  in 2014, cash used for financing activities from continuing operations of $2.81 billion principally reflects the repurchase of cbs corp. class b common stock for $3.60 billion and the repayment of notes and debentures of $1.15 billion, partially offset by proceeds from the issuance of senior notes of $1.73 billion. for 2013, cash used for financing activities of $1.91 billion principally reflected the repurchase of cbs corp. class b common stock for $2.19 billion, partially offset by proceeds from short-term borrowings of $475 million.  for 2012, cash used for financing activities of $1.32 billion principally reflected the repayment of notes and debentures of $1.58 billion and the repurchase of cbs corp. class b common stock for $1.14 billion, partially offset by proceeds from the issuance of notes of $1.57 billion.
ii-21
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
cash provided by financing activities from discontinued operations of $2.17 billion in 2014 principally reflects the net proceeds from outdoor americas' long-term debt borrowing and ipo.
dividends during the third quarter of 2014, the company announced an increase to its quarterly cash dividend on its class a and class b common stock of 25% from $.12 per share to $.15 per share. for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, the company declared per share dividends of $.54, $.48, and $.44, respectively, which resulted in total annual dividends of $296 million, $295 million and $287 million, respectively.
on january 30, 2015, the company announced a quarterly cash dividend of $.15 per share on its class a and class b common stock, payable on april 1, 2015.
share repurchase program during 2014, the company repurchased 60.3 million shares of cbs corp. class b common stock under its share repurchase program for $3.61 billion, at an average cost of $59.88 per share. at december 31, 2014, $4.80 billion of authorization remained under the share repurchase program.
also during 2014, the company completed the split-off through which it received 44.7 million shares of cbs corp. class b common stock in exchange for the 97.0 million shares of outdoor americas common stock that it owned (see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements).
during the first quarter of 2015, the company expects to spend approximately $1.0 billion to repurchase shares of cbs corp. class b common stock.
capital structure at december 31,                                                                    2014                2013
commercial paper                                                               $616                $475
senior debt (1.95% - 8.875% due 2014-2044)                                    6,433               5,861
obligations under capital leases                                                 97                 113
total debt (a)                                                                7,146               6,449
less discontinued operations debt (b)                                             -                  14
total debt from continuing operations                                         7,146               6,435
less commercial paper                                                           616                 475
less current portion of long-term debt                                           20                  20
total long-term debt from continuing operations, net of current portion      $6,510              $5,940
(a) at december 31, 2014 and december 31, 2013, the senior debt balances included (i) a net unamortized discount of $21 million and $13 million, respectively, and (ii) an increase in the carrying value of the debt relating to previously settled fair value hedges of $14 million and $18 million, respectively.  the face value of the company's total debt was $7.15 billion at december 31, 2014 and $6.44 billion at december 31, 2013.
(b) included in "liabilities of discontinued operations" on the consolidated balance sheets.
ii-22
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
for the year ended december 31, 2014, debt issuances, redemptions and repurchases were as follows:
debt issuances august 2014, $600 million 2.30% senior notes due 2019
august 2014, $600 million 3.70% senior notes due 2024
august 2014, $550 million 4.90% senior notes due 2044
debt redemptions
$99 million 8.875% notes due 2014
$264 million 8.875% senior notes due 2019
debt repurchases
$336 million 8.875% senior notes due 2019, through a tender offer
$37 million 7.875% debentures due 2023, through a tender offer
$6 million 7.125% senior notes due 2023, through a tender offer
$423 million 7.875% senior debentures due 2030, through a tender offer the debt repurchases and early debt redemption resulted in a pretax loss on early extinguishment of debt of $352 million ($219 million, net of tax) for the year ended december 31, 2014.
during january 2015, the company issued $600 million of 3.50% senior notes due 2025 and $600 million of 4.60% senior notes due 2045. the 2015 debt issuances and 2014 debt refinancing activity are expected to result in an annualized net increase to interest expense of approximately $15 million.
all of the company's long-term debt has been issued under fixed interest rate agreements. during 2014, in connection with the issuance of its $600 million of 2.30% senior notes due 2019, the company entered into $600 million notional amount of fixed-to-floating rate swap agreements to hedge this debt. these interest rate swaps are designated as fair value hedges (see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements).
at december 31, 2014, the company's scheduled maturities of long-term debt at face value, excluding capital leases, were as follows:
2020 and
2015                                2016          2017          2018          2019        thereafter long-term debt   $-             $200          $400          $300          $600          $4,940
commercial paper the company had outstanding commercial paper borrowings under its commercial paper program of $616 million and $475 million at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, at weighted average interest rates of 0.46% and 0.28%, respectively and with maturities of less than forty-five days. during december 2014, the company increased its commercial paper program from $2.0 billion to $2.5 billion.
credit facility during december 2014, the company amended and restated its revolving credit facility (the "credit facility") to increase the capacity from $2.0 billion to $2.5 billion and extend the expiration to december 2019. the provisions of the credit facility are substantially similar to those under the company's previous credit facility. the company, at its option, may also borrow in certain foreign currencies up to specified limits under the credit facility. borrowing ii-23
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
rates under the credit facility are determined at the company's option at the time of each borrowing and are based generally on the prime rate in the u.s. or the london interbank offer rate ("libor") plus a margin based on the company's senior unsecured debt rating. the company pays a facility fee based on the total amount of the commitments.
the credit facility requires the company to maintain a maximum consolidated leverage ratio of 4.5x at the end of each quarter as further described in the credit facility. at december 31, 2014, the company's consolidated leverage ratio was approximately 2.1x.
the consolidated leverage ratio reflects the ratio of the company's indebtedness from continuing operations, adjusted to exclude certain capital lease obligations, at the end of a quarter, to the company's consolidated ebitda for the trailing four consecutive quarters.  consolidated ebitda is defined in the credit facility as operating income plus interest income and before depreciation, amortization and certain other noncash items.
the credit facility is used for general corporate purposes. at december 31, 2014, the company had no borrowings outstanding under the credit facility and the remaining availability under the credit facility, net of outstanding letters of credit, was $2.49 billion.
liquidity and capital resources the company continually projects anticipated cash requirements for its operating, investing and financing needs as well as cash flows generated from operating activities available to meet these needs.  the company's operating needs include, among other items, commitments for sports programming rights, television and film programming, talent contracts, operating leases, interest payments, and pension funding obligations. the company's investing and financing spending includes capital expenditures, share repurchases, dividends and principal payments on its outstanding indebtedness. the company believes that its operating cash flows, cash and cash equivalents, borrowing capacity under its credit facility, which had $2.49 billion of remaining availability at december 31, 2014, and access to capital markets are sufficient to fund its operating, investing and financing requirements for the next twelve months.
the company's funding for short-term and long-term obligations will come primarily from cash flows from operating activities.  any additional cash funding requirements are financed with short-term borrowings, including commercial paper, and long-term debt. to the extent that commercial paper is not available to the company, the existing credit facility provides sufficient capacity to satisfy short-term borrowing needs. the company routinely assesses its capital structure and opportunistically enters into transactions to lower its interest expense, which could result in a charge from the early extinguishment of debt.
funding for the company's long-term debt obligations due over the next five years of $1.50 billion is expected to come from the company's ability to refinance its debt and cash generated from operating activities.
as of december 31, 2014, the company had $4.80 billion of remaining availability under its share repurchase program. share repurchases under the program are expected to be funded over time by cash flows from operations and, as appropriate, with short-term borrowings, including commercial paper, and/or the issuance of long-term debt.
during january of 2015, the company issued $1.20 billion of senior notes and used the net proceeds for the repurchase of cbs corp. class b common stock and repayment of short-term borrowings, including commercial paper.
ii-24
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
contractual obligations as of december 31, 2014 payments due by period under the company's significant contractual obligations with remaining terms in excess of one year were as follows:
payments due by period
2020 and total                2015             2016-2017             2018-2019            thereafter programming and talent commitments (a)                 $13,723              $2,429              $3,837                $3,140                $4,317
purchase obligations (b)                                   836                 183                 288                   207                   158
operating leases (c)                                     1,114                 177                 281                   216                   440
long-term debt obligations (d)                           6,440                   -                 600                   900                 4,940
interest commitments on long-term debt (e)               4,288                 314                 594                   554                 2,826
capital lease obligations (including interest) (f)         113                  20                  34                    29                    30
other long-term contractual obligations (g)              1,322                   -               1,044                   209                    69
total                                                  $27,836              $3,123              $6,678                $5,255               $12,780
(a) programming and talent commitments of the company primarily include $10.23 billion for sports programming rights, $2.70 billion relating to the production and licensing of television, radio, and film programming, and $797 million for talent contracts.
(b) purchase obligations include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including open purchase orders.
(c) consists of long-term noncancellable operating lease commitments for office space, equipment, transponders and studio facilities.
(d) long-term debt obligations are presented at face value, excluding capital leases.
(e) future interest based on scheduled debt maturities, excluding capital leases.
(f) includes capital leases for satellite transponders.
(g) reflects long-term contractual obligations recorded on the company's consolidated balance sheet, including program liabilities, participations due to producers and residuals.
the table above excludes $140 million of reserves for uncertain tax positions and the related accrued interest and penalties, as the company cannot reasonably predict the amount of and timing of cash payments relating to this obligation. the table above also excludes principal and interest payments relating to the company's issuance of $1.20 billion of senior notes in january 2015.
in 2015, the company expects to make contributions of approximately $50 million to its non-qualified pension plans to satisfy the benefit payments due under these plans. also in 2015, the company expects to contribute approximately $58 million to its other postretirement benefit plans to satisfy the company's portion of benefit payments due under these plans.
guarantees on september 30, 2013, the company completed the sale of outdoor europe to an affiliate of platinum equity.  the company continues to remain as guarantor of certain of outdoor europe's obligations, including franchise payment obligations under certain transit franchise agreements.  generally, the company would be required to perform under the guarantees in the event of non-performance by the buyer.  these agreements have varying terms, with the majority of the obligations guaranteed under these agreements expiring by september 2016.  at december 31, 2014, the total franchise payment obligations under these agreements are estimated to be approximately $187 million, which will decrease on a monthly basis thereafter. the carrying value of the guarantee liability of approximately $28 million and $40 million at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, is included in "liabilities of discontinued operations" on the consolidated balance sheets.
ii-25
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
the company has indemnification obligations with respect to letters of credit and surety bonds primarily used as security against non-performance in the normal course of business. at december 31, 2014, the outstanding letters of credit and surety bonds approximated $242 million and were not recorded on the consolidated balance sheet.
in the course of its business, the company both provides and receives indemnities which are intended to allocate certain risks associated with business transactions. similarly, the company may remain contingently liable for various obligations of a business that has been divested in the event that a third party does not live up to its obligations under an indemnification obligation. the company records a liability for its indemnification obligations and other contingent liabilities when probable under generally accepted accounting principles.
critical accounting policies the preparation of the company's financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.  on an ongoing basis, the company evaluates its estimates, which are based on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.  the result of these evaluations forms the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the reported amount of revenues and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources.  actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions.
the company considers the following accounting policies to be the most critical as they are important to the company's financial condition and results of operations, and require significant judgment and estimates on the part of management in its application.  for a summary of the company's significant accounting policies see the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.
programming and production costs accounting for the company's television production costs requires management's judgment as it relates to total estimated revenues to be earned ("ultimate revenues") and costs to be incurred throughout the life of each television program.  these estimates are used to determine the amortization of capitalized production costs, expensing of participation costs, and any necessary net realizable value adjustments to capitalized production costs.  for each television program, management bases these estimates on the performance in the initial markets, the existence of future firm commitments to sell and the past performance of similar television programs.
the costs incurred in acquiring television series and feature film programming are capitalized when the program is accepted and available for airing and the costs of programming rights licensed under multi-year sports programming agreements are capitalized if the rights payments are made before the related economic benefit has been received. these costs are expensed over the period in which an economic benefit is expected to be derived.  management's judgment is required in determining the timing of the expensing of these costs, which is dependent on the economic benefit expected to be generated from the program.
ultimate revenue estimates for internally produced television programming, and the estimated economic benefit for acquired programming, which includes television series, feature films and sports, are updated regularly based on information available as the television program or film progresses through its life cycle or contractual term. overestimating ultimate revenues for internally produced programming or a failure to adjust for a downward revision in the estimated economic benefit to be generated from acquired programming could result in the understatement of the amortization of capitalized production or programming costs, future net realizable value adjustments and/or estimated accruals for participation expense.
ii-26
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
impairment of goodwill and intangible assets the company tests goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives, comprised of fcc licenses, for impairment during the fourth quarter of each year, and on an interim date should factors or indicators become apparent that would require an interim test.
goodwill-goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is one level below or the same as an operating segment. for 2014, the company performed qualitative assessments for five reporting units which management estimates each have fair values that exceed their respective carrying values by 20% or more.  for each reporting unit, the company weighed the relative impact of factors that are specific to the reporting unit as well as industry and macroeconomic factors. the reporting unit specific factors that were considered included financial performance and changes to the reporting units' carrying amounts since the most recent impairment tests. for each industry in which the reporting units operate, the company considered growth projections from independent sources and significant developments or transactions within the industry. the company also determined that the impact of macroeconomic factors on the discount rates and growth rates used for the most recent impairment tests would not significantly affect the fair value of the reporting units.  based on this qualitative assessment, considering the aggregation of these factors, the company concluded that for these five reporting units, it is not more likely than not that the fair value of each reporting unit is less than its carrying amount and therefore performing the two-step impairment test was unnecessary.
the company performed the first step of the goodwill impairment test for the remaining two reporting units. the first step of the goodwill impairment test examines whether the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value. the estimated fair value of each reporting unit is computed based upon the present value of future cash flows ("discounted cash flow method") and both the traded and transaction values of comparable businesses ("market comparable method"). for 2014, the discounted cash flow method and market comparable method resulted in substantially equal fair values. the discounted cash flow method adds the present value of the estimated annual cash flows over a discrete projection period to the residual value of the business at the end of the projection period. this technique requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions such as growth rates, operating margins, capital expenditures and discount rates. the estimated growth rates, operating margins and capital expenditures for the projection period are based on the company's internal forecasts of future performance as well as historical trends.  the residual value is estimated based on a perpetual nominal growth rate, which is based on projected long-range inflation and long-term industry projections. the discount rates are determined based on the average of the weighted average cost of capital of comparable entities. certain future events and circumstances, including deterioration of market conditions, higher cost of capital, a decline in the advertising market or a decrease in audience acceptance of programming, could result in changes to these assumptions and judgments. a downward revision of these assumptions could cause the fair values of the reporting units to fall below their respective carrying values. the company would then perform the second step of the goodwill impairment test to determine the amount of any non-cash impairment charge. such a charge could have a material effect on the company's consolidated statement of operations and consolidated balance sheet.
ii-27
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
based on the 2014 annual impairment test, the company concluded that the fair value of each of the two reporting units for which the company performed the first step of the goodwill impairment test exceeded their respective carrying values. the carrying value of the following reporting unit, which had a goodwill balance of $1.86 billion at december 31, 2014, was within 10% of its estimated fair value:
significant assumptions reporting unit fair   perpetual value in excess of    nominal       discount reporting unit   carrying value        growth rate   rate cbs radio        5%                    1.5%          8.0%
an increase to the discount rate of 35 basis points or a decrease to the perpetual nominal growth rate of 45 basis points, assuming no changes to other factors, would cause the fair value of the cbs radio reporting unit to fall below its carrying value.
fcc licenses-fcc licenses are tested for impairment at the geographic market level. the company considers each geographic market, which is comprised of all of the company's radio or television stations within that geographic market, to be a single unit of accounting because the fcc licenses at this level represent their highest and best use.
for its annual impairment test performed in the fourth quarter of 2014, the company performed qualitative assessments for five radio markets and ten television markets which management estimates each have an aggregate fair value of fcc licenses that exceed their respective carrying values by 20% or more.  for each market, the company weighed the relative impact of market-specific and macroeconomic factors.  the market-specific factors considered include recent projections by geographic market from both independent and internal sources for advertising revenue and operating costs, as well as market share and capital expenditures. the company also considered the macroeconomic impact on discount rates and growth rates. based on this qualitative assessment, considering the aggregation of these factors, the company concluded that it is not more likely than not that the aggregate fair values of the fcc licenses in each of these radio and television markets are less than their respective carrying values. therefore, performing the quantitative impairment test was unnecessary.
for each of the remaining radio and television markets the company performed a quantitative impairment test that compares the estimated fair value of the fcc licenses by geographic market with their respective carrying values.  the estimated fair value of each fcc license is computed using the greenfield discounted cash flow method (''greenfield method''), which attempts to isolate the income that is attributable to the license alone. the greenfield method is based upon modeling a hypothetical start-up station and building it up to a normalized operation that, by design, lacks inherent goodwill and whose other assets have essentially been added as part of the build-up process. the greenfield method adds the present value of the estimated annual cash flows of the start-up station over a projection period to the residual value at the end of the projection period. the annual cash flows over the projection period include assumptions for overall advertising revenues in the relevant geographic market, the start-up station's operating costs and capital expenditures, and a three-year build-up period for the start-up station to reach a normalized state of operations, which reflects the point at which it achieves an average market share. in order to estimate the revenues of a start-up station, the total market advertising revenue in the subject market is estimated based on recent industry projections. operating costs and capital expenditures are estimated based on both industry and internal data. the residual value is calculated using a perpetual nominal growth rate, which is based on projected long-range inflation in the u.s. and long-term industry projections. the discount rate is determined based on the average of the weighted average cost of capital of comparable entities in the broadcast industry.
ii-28
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
the discount rates and perpetual nominal growth rates used for each television and radio station for 2014 were as follows:
discount   perpetual nominal rate       growth rate television stations   8.0%       2.5%
radio stations        8.0%       1.5%
the assumptions used in determining the fair values of the fcc licenses require management to make significant judgments. certain events and circumstances, including deterioration of market conditions, higher cost of capital or a decline in the local radio or television advertising markets, could result in changes to these assumptions and judgments.  the estimated fair values of the fcc licenses are highly dependent on the assumptions of future economic conditions in the individual geographic markets in which the company owns and operates television and radio stations. deterioration in the economic conditions or a change in population size of any individual geographic market could adversely impact advertisers' ability or willingness to purchase advertising on the radio and television stations in that market. advertising expenditures by companies in certain industries, including automotive, entertainment and retail, have historically represented a significant portion of the local radio and television advertising revenues in all geographic markets. as a result, an other-than-temporary decrease in spending by advertisers in these categories or adverse economic conditions, particularly in larger markets such as new york, los angeles, chicago and san francisco, where the company holds fcc licenses with substantial carrying values, could have a significant impact on the fair value of the fcc licenses.
based on the 2014 annual impairment test, the company concluded that the estimated fair value of the fcc licenses in each radio and television market for which the company performed the quantitative assessment exceeded their respective carrying values and therefore no impairment charge was necessary. three radio markets, which had an aggregate carrying value of fcc licenses of $729 million, were each within 5% of their respective estimated fair value, and eight radio markets, which had an aggregate carrying value of fcc licenses of $1.30 billion, were each within 10% of their respective estimated fair value. in addition, one television market, which had a carrying value of fcc licenses of $167 million, was within 10% of its estimated fair value. in each of the remaining radio and television markets, the estimated fair value of fcc licenses was in excess of the respective carrying values by more than 10%.  a downward revision to the present value of future cash flows could result in impairment and a non-cash charge would be required.  such a charge could have a material effect on the company's consolidated statement of operations and consolidated balance sheet.
reserves and legal matters estimates of reserves and liabilities related to legal issues and discontinued businesses, including asbestos and environmental matters, require significant judgments by management.  the company continually evaluates these estimates based on changes in the relevant facts and circumstances and events that may impact estimates.  while management believes that the current reserves for matters related to predecessor operations of the company, including environmental and asbestos, are adequate, there can be no assurance that circumstances will not change in future periods. this belief is based upon many factors and assumptions, including the number of outstanding claims, estimated average cost per claim, the breakdown of claims by disease type, historic claim filings, costs per claim of resolution and the filing of new claims.
pensions pension benefit obligations and net periodic pension costs are calculated using many actuarial assumptions. two key assumptions used in accounting for pension liabilities and expenses are the discount rate and expected rate of return on plan assets. the discount rate is determined based on the yield on portfolios of high quality bonds, constructed ii-29
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
to provide cash flows necessary to meet the company's pension plan's expected future benefit payments, as determined for the projected benefit obligation. the expected return on plan assets assumption is derived using the current and expected asset allocation of the pension plan assets and considering historical as well as expected returns on various classes of plan assets. as of december 31, 2014, the unrecognized actuarial losses increased from the prior year end due primarily to a decrease in the discount rate partially offset by the favorable performance of pension plan assets. a decrease in the discount rate would increase the projected benefit obligation. a 25 basis point change in the discount rate will result in an estimated change to the projected benefit obligation of approximately $120 million and will not have a material impact on the 2014 pension expense. a decrease in the expected rate of return on plan assets would increase pension expense.  the estimated impact of a 25 basis point change in the expected rate of return on plan assets is a change of approximately $10 million to 2015 pension expense.
income taxes the company is subject to income taxes in both the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. significant judgment is required in determining the worldwide provision for income taxes.  when recording the worldwide provision for income taxes, an estimated effective tax rate for the year is applied to interim operating results.  in the event there is a significant or unusual item recognized in the quarterly operating results, the tax attributable to that item is separately calculated and recorded in the same quarter. a number of years may elapse before a tax return containing tax matters for which a reserve has been established is audited and finally resolved. during 2014 and 2013, the company recognized tax benefits of $7 million and $17 million, respectively, related to the net impact of the settlement of certain prior year tax audits.  for positions taken in a previously filed tax return or expected to be taken in a future tax return, the company evaluates each position to determine whether it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination, based on the technical merits of the position.  a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is subject to a measurement assessment to determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the consolidated statement of operations and the appropriate reserve to establish, if any.  if a tax position does not meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold a tax reserve is established and no benefit is recognized. the company is continually audited by u.s. federal and state as well as foreign tax authorities.  while it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular tax matter, the company believes that its reserve for uncertain tax positions of $140 million at december 31, 2014 is properly recorded pursuant to the recognition and measurement provisions of fasb guidance for uncertainty in income taxes.
legal matters general.    on an ongoing basis, the company vigorously defends itself in numerous lawsuits and proceedings and responds to various investigations and inquiries from federal, state, local and international authorities (collectively, ''litigation''). litigation may be brought against the company without merit, is inherently uncertain and always difficult to predict. however, based on its understanding and evaluation of the relevant facts and circumstances, the company believes that the below-described legal matters and other litigation to which it is a party are not likely, in the aggregate, to have a material adverse effect on its results of operations, financial position or cash flows. under the separation agreement between the company and viacom inc., the company and viacom inc. have agreed to defend and indemnify the other in certain litigation in which the company and/or viacom inc. is named.
claims related to former businesses: asbestos.    the company is a defendant in lawsuits claiming various personal injuries related to asbestos and other materials, which allegedly occurred principally as a result of exposure caused by various products manufactured by westinghouse, a predecessor, generally prior to the early 1970s. westinghouse was neither a producer nor a manufacturer of asbestos. the company is typically named as one of a large number of defendants in both state and federal cases. in the majority of asbestos lawsuits, the plaintiffs have not identified which of the company's products is the basis of a claim. claims against the company in which a product ii-30
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
has been identified principally relate to exposures allegedly caused by asbestos-containing insulating material in turbines sold for power-generation, industrial and marine use.
claims are frequently filed and/or settled in groups, which may make the amount and timing of settlements, and the number of pending claims, subject to significant fluctuation from period to period. the company does not report as pending those claims on inactive, stayed, deferred or similar dockets which some jurisdictions have established for claimants who allege minimal or no impairment. as of december 31, 2014, the company had pending approximately 41,100 asbestos claims, as compared with approximately 45,150 as of december 31, 2013 and 45,900 as of december 31, 2012. during 2014, the company received approximately 3,880 new claims and closed or moved to an inactive docket approximately 7,930 claims. the company reports claims as closed when it becomes aware that a dismissal order has been entered by a court or when the company has reached agreement with the claimants on the material terms of a settlement. settlement costs depend on the seriousness of the injuries that form the basis of the claim, the quality of evidence supporting the claims and other factors. the company's total costs for the years 2014 and 2013 for settlement and defense of asbestos claims after insurance recoveries and net of tax benefits were approximately $11 million and $29 million, respectively. the company's costs for settlement and defense of asbestos claims may vary year to year and insurance proceeds are not always recovered in the same period as the insured portion of the expenses.
filings include claims for individuals suffering from mesothelioma, a rare cancer, the risk of which is allegedly increased by exposure to asbestos; lung cancer, a cancer which may be caused by various factors, one of which is alleged to be asbestos exposure; other cancers, and conditions that are substantially less serious, including claims brought on behalf of individuals who are asymptomatic as to an allegedly asbestos-related disease. the predominant number of claims against the company are non-cancer claims. in a substantial number of the pending claims, the plaintiff has not yet identified the claimed injury. the company believes that its reserves and insurance are adequate to cover its asbestos liabilities. this belief is based upon many factors and assumptions, including the number of outstanding claims, estimated average cost per claim, the breakdown of claims by disease type, historic claim filings, costs per claim of resolution and the filing of new claims. while the number of asbestos claims filed against the company has trended down in the past five to ten years and has remained flat in recent years, it is difficult to predict future asbestos liabilities, as events and circumstances may occur including, among others, the number and types of claims and average cost to resolve such claims, which could affect the company's estimate of its asbestos liabilities.
other.    the company from time to time receives claims from federal and state environmental regulatory agencies and other entities asserting that it is or may be liable for environmental cleanup costs and related damages principally relating to historical and predecessor operations of the company. in addition, the company from time to time receives personal injury claims including toxic tort and product liability claims (other than asbestos) arising from historical operations of the company and its predecessors.
market risk the company is exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates and uses derivative financial instruments to modify this exposure. in accordance with its policy, the company does not use derivative instruments unless there is an underlying exposure and, therefore, the company does not hold or enter into derivative financial instruments for speculative trading purposes.
foreign exchange risk the company conducts business in various countries outside the u.s., resulting in exposure to movements in foreign exchange rates when translating from the foreign local currency to the u.s. dollar. in order to hedge anticipated cash flows, generally within the next twelve months, in currencies such as the british pound, the euro, the canadian ii-31
management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition (continued)
(tabular dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
dollar and the australian dollar, foreign currency forward contracts are used. additionally, the company designates forward contracts used to hedge projected future television production costs as cash flow hedges. gains or losses on the effective portion of designated cash flow hedges are initially recorded in other comprehensive income and reclassified to the statement of operations when the hedged item is recognized. additionally, the company enters into non-designated forward contracts to hedge non-u.s. dollar denominated cash flows. the change in fair value of the non-designated contracts is included in "other items, net" in the consolidated statements of operations. the company manages the use of foreign exchange derivatives centrally.
at december 31, 2014 and 2013, the notional amount of all foreign currency contracts was $152 million and $136 million, respectively, which represents hedges of expected foreign currency cash flows.
interest risk all of the company's long-term debt has been issued under fixed interest rate agreements. during 2014, in connection with the issuance of its $600 million of 2.30% senior notes due 2019, the company entered into $600 million notional amount of fixed-to-floating rate swap agreements to hedge this debt. the fair value of interest rate swaps is included within the carrying value of the debt attributable to the risk being hedged, and in other assets or other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. gains or losses on interest rate swaps are recognized within interest expense. the swaps expose the company to movements in short-term interest rates. based on the amount of fixed-to-floating rate swaps at december 31, 2014, a 100 basis point change in interest rates would cause a $6 million change to pretax earnings.
credit risk the company continually monitors its positions with, and credit quality of, the financial institutions that are counterparties to its financial instruments. the company is exposed to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the counterparties to the agreements. however, the company does not anticipate nonperformance by the counterparties.
the company's receivables do not represent significant concentrations of credit risk at december 31, 2014 or 2013, due to the wide variety of customers, markets and geographic areas to which the company's products and services are sold.
related parties for a discussion of related parties, see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.
recent pronouncements and adoption of new accounting standards see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements.
ii-32
index to financial statements and schedule the following consolidated financial statements and schedule of the registrant and its subsidiaries are submitted herewith as part of this report:
