item 1a.   risk factors the statements in this section describe the major risks to our business and should be considered carefully. in addition, these statements constitute our cautionary statements under the private securities litigation reform act of 1995.
our disclosure and analysis in this 2014 form 10-k and in our 2014 annual report to shareholders contain forward-looking statements that set forth anticipated results based on management's plans and assumptions. from time to time, we also provide forward-looking statements in other materials we release to the public, as well as oral forward-looking statements. such forward-looking statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties. we have tried, wherever possible, to identify such statements by using words such as "will," "may," "could," "likely," "ongoing," "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "project," "intend," "plan," "believe," "target," "forecast," "goal," "objective," "aim" and other words and terms of similar meaning, or by using future dates in connection with any discussion of, among other things, our anticipated future operating or financial performance, business plans and prospects, in-line products and product candidates, strategic reviews, capital allocation, business-development plans, and plans relating to share repurchases and dividends. in particular, these include statements relating to future actions, business plans and prospects, our recently-announced proposed acquisition of hospira, prospective products or product approvals, future performance or results of current and anticipated products, sales efforts, expenses, interest rates, foreign exchange rates, the outcome of contingencies, such as legal proceedings, plans relating to share repurchases and dividends, government regulation and financial results, including, in particular, the financial guidance set forth in the overview of our performance, operating environment, strategy and outlook-our financial guidance for 2015 section in our 2014 financial report; the anticipated costs and cost savings set forth in the costs and expenses-restructuring charges and other costs associated with acquisitions and cost-reduction/productivity initiatives section in our 2014 financial report and notes to consolidated financial statements-notes 3. restructuring charges and other costs associated with acquisitions and cost-reduction/productivity initiatives; the planned capital spending set forth in the analysis of financial condition, liquidity and capital resources-selected measures of liquidity and capital resources-contractual obligations section in our 2014 financial report; and the contributions that we expect to make from our general assets to the company's pension and postretirement plans during 2015 set forth in the notes to consolidated financial statements-note 11. pension and postretirement benefit plans and defined contribution plans in our 2014 financial report and in the analysis of financial condition, liquidity and capital resources-selected measures of liquidity and capital resources-contractual obligations section in our 2014 financial report.
we cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized, although we believe we have been prudent in our plans and assumptions. achievement of anticipated results is subject to substantial risks, uncertainties and inaccurate assumptions. should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could vary materially from past results and those anticipated, estimated or projected. you should bear this in mind as you consider forward-looking statements, and you are cautioned not to put undue reliance on forward-looking statements.
we undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law or by the rules and regulations of the sec. you are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our form 10-q and 8-k reports and our other filings with the sec. also note that we provide the following cautionary discussion of risks, uncertainties and possibly inaccurate assumptions relevant to our businesses. these are factors that, individually or in the aggregate, may cause our actual results to differ materially from expected and historical results. we note these factors for investors as permitted by the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. you should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors. consequently, you should not consider the following to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties.
pricing pressures and government regulation u.s. and international governmental regulations mandating price controls and limitations on patient access to our products impact our business, and our future results could be adversely affected by changes in such regulations or policies.
in the u.s., many of our biopharmaceutical products are subject to increasing pricing pressures. such pressures have increased as a result of the 2003 medicare modernization act (2003 mma) and the aca due to the enhanced purchasing power of the private sector plans that negotiate on behalf of beneficiaries. in addition, if the 2003 mma or the aca were amended to impose direct governmental price controls and access restrictions, it would have a significant adverse impact on our business. furthermore, mcos, as well as medicaid and other government agencies, continue to seek price discounts.
17
some states have implemented, and other states are considering, price controls or patient access constraints under the medicaid program, and some states are considering price-control regimes that would apply to broader segments of their populations that are not medicaid-eligible. other matters also could be the subject of u.s. federal or state legislative or regulatory action that could adversely affect our business, including, among others, changes in patent laws, the importation of drugs from outside the u.s. at prices that are regulated by governments of foreign countries, restrictions on u.s. direct-to-consumer advertising, limitations on interactions with healthcare professionals, or the use of comparative effectiveness methodologies that could be implemented in a manner that focuses primarily on cost differences and minimizes the therapeutic differences among pharmaceutical products and restricts access to innovative medicines. in addition, pricing pressures may occur as a result of highly competitive insurance markets.
we encounter similar regulatory and legislative issues in most other countries. in europe, japan, china, canada, south korea and some other international markets, governments provide healthcare at low direct cost to consumers and regulate pharmaceutical prices or patient reimbursement levels to control costs for the government-sponsored healthcare system, and we have seen government-mandated reductions in prices and access restrictions for certain biopharmaceutical products to control costs in those markets, particularly under recent global economic pressures. as a result, it is expected that pressures on the pricing component of operating results will continue. the adoption of restrictive price controls in new jurisdictions or more restrictive ones in existing jurisdictions, failure to obtain timely or adequate government-approved pricing or formulary placement where required for our products or obtaining such pricing or placement at unfavorable pricing could also adversely impact revenue. in our vaccines business, we participate in a tender process in many countries for participation in national immunization programs. failure to secure participation in national immunization programs or to obtain acceptable pricing in the tender process could adversely affect our business.
managed care trends consolidation among mcos has increased the negotiating power of mcos and other private insurers. private third-party insurers, as well as governments, increasingly employ formularies to control costs by negotiating discounted prices in exchange for formulary inclusion. failure to obtain timely or adequate pricing or formulary placement for our products or obtaining such pricing or placement at unfavorable pricing could adversely impact revenue. in addition to formulary tier co-pay differentials, private health insurance companies and self-insured employers have been raising co-payments required from beneficiaries, particularly for branded pharmaceuticals and biotechnology products. this cost shifting has given consumers greater control of medication choices, as they pay for a larger portion of their prescription costs and may cause consumers to favor lower cost generic alternatives to branded pharmaceuticals. private health insurance companies also are increasingly imposing utilization management tools, such as clinical protocols, requiring prior authorization for a branded product if a generic product is available or requiring the patient to first fail on one or more generic products before permitting access to a branded medicine. as the u.s. payer market concentrates further and as more drugs become available in generic form, biopharmaceutical companies may face greater pricing pressure from private third-party payers, who will continue to drive more of their patients to use lower cost generic alternatives.
u.s. healthcare reform/healthcare legislation the aca was enacted by congress in march 2010 and its provisions become effective on various dates, with the medicaid and health insurance exchange coverage expansion effective in 2014. we expect that the rebates, discounts, taxes and other costs resulting from the aca over time will have a significant effect on our expenses and profitability in the future. see the discussion under the overview of our performance, operating environment, strategy and outlook-our operating environment-industry-specific challenges-regulatory environment/pricing and access-u.s. healthcare legislation section in our 2014 financial report and in item 1. business under the caption government regulation and price constraints-in the united states. furthermore, the independent payment advisory board (ipab), which was created by the aca to reduce the per capita rate of growth in medicare spending, could potentially limit access to certain treatments or mandate price controls for our products, though the ipab has not yet been named and the congressional budget office does not expect that the threshold for ipab recommendations will be exceeded in the near future. moreover, expanded government investigative authority may increase the costs of compliance with new regulations and programs. we also face the uncertainties that might result from any modification, repeal or invalidation of any of the provisions of the aca. one major provision of the aca is currently under review by the supreme court of the united states (scotus), which has agreed to hear a case known as king v. burwell during the 2015 session. the case challenges the extension of premium subsidies to health insurance policies purchased through federally-facilitated health insurance exchanges, arguing that subsidies must be limited to state-operated health insurance exchanges. if decided in favor of the plaintiffs, this case could make it more difficult for uninsured individuals in states that do not operate a health insurance exchange to purchase coverage and otherwise significantly affect implementation of the aca, in a manner that results in less than projected numbers of newly insured individuals. we expect that a decision by scotus in this case would have a negligible impact on our revenues, given that the state-operated health
18
insurance exchanges and the federally-facilitated health insurance exchanges are projected to account for minimal new pfizer revenue, even with fully available subsidies for the reasons discussed in item 1. business under the caption government regulation and price constraints-in the united states.
u.s. deficit-reduction actions any significant spending reductions affecting medicare, medicaid or other publicly funded or subsidized health programs that may be implemented, and/or any significant additional taxes or fees that may be imposed on us, as part of any broad deficit-reduction effort could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.
generic competition competition from manufacturers of generic drugs is a major challenge for us around the world, and the loss or expiration of intellectual property rights can have a significant adverse effect on our revenues. the date at which generic competition commences may be different from the date that the patent or regulatory exclusivity expires. however, upon the expiration or loss of patent protection for one of our products, or upon the "at-risk" launch (despite pending patent infringement litigation against the generic product) by a generic manufacturer of a generic version of one of our patented products, we can lose the major portion of revenues for that product in a very short period of time, which can adversely affect our business. a number of our current products are expected to face significantly increased generic competition over the next few years.
also, the patents covering several of our medicines, including viagra, celebrex, sutent, epipen, toviaz and tygacil extended-release capsules in the u.s. are being challenged by generic manufacturers. our licensing and collaboration partners also face challenges by generic drug manufacturers to patents covering several of their products that may impact our licenses or co-promotion rights to such products. in addition, our patent-protected products may face competition in the form of generic versions of competitors' branded products that lose their market exclusivity.
competitive products we cannot predict with accuracy the timing or impact of the introduction of competitive products, which can result in erosion of the sales of our existing products and potential sales of products in development, as well as unanticipated product obsolescence. products that compete with ours, including some of our best-selling medicines, are launched from time to time. competitive product launches have occurred in recent years, and certain potentially competitive products are in various stages of development, some of which have been filed for approval with the fda and with regulatory authorities in other countries.
dependence on key in-line products we recorded direct product revenues of more than $1 billion for each of 10 biopharmaceutical products in 2014: lyrica, the prevnar family of products, enbrel, celebrex, lipitor, viagra, zyvox, sutent, norvasc and the premarin family of products. those products accounted for 54% of our total biopharmaceutical revenues in 2014. if these products or any of our other major products were to become subject to problems such as loss of patent protection, changes in prescription growth rates, material product liability litigation, unexpected side effects, regulatory proceedings, publicity affecting doctor or patient confidence, pressure from existing competitive products, changes in labeling or, if a new, more effective treatment should be introduced, the adverse impact on our revenues could be significant. patents covering several of our best-selling medicines have recently expired or will expire in the next few years (including some of our billion-dollar and previously billion-dollar products), and patents covering a number of our best-selling medicines are the subject of pending legal challenges. for example, on december 10, 2014, generic versions of celebrex became available pursuant to settlement agreements licensing the reissue patent to several generic manufacturers. in addition, our revenues could be significantly impacted by the timing and rate of commercial acceptance of key new products.
further, our alliance revenues have been and will continue to be adversely affected by the termination or expiration of collaboration and co-promotion agreements that we have entered into and that we may enter into from time to time. for example, our collaboration with boehringer ingelheim for spiriva has expired in major markets (u.s., the eu, canada and australia), and is expiring in other markets through 2016; the co-promotion term of our u.s. and canada collaboration agreement with amgen inc. (amgen) for enbrel expired in october 2013 (our exclusive rights to enbrel outside the u.s. and canada are not affected by the expiration of the co-promotion term of the collaboration agreement with amgen); and our collaboration agreement with emd serono inc. to co-promote rebif in the u.s. will expire at the end of 2015. see the overview of our performance, operating environment, strategy and outlook-our operating environment-industry-specific challenges-intellectual property rights and collaboration/licensing rights and analysis of the consolidated
19
statements of income-biopharmaceutical-selected product descriptions sections in our 2014 financial report for additional information on the expirations of these agreements.
research and development investment the discovery and development of safe, effective new products, and the development of additional uses for existing products, are necessary for the continued strength of our businesses. our product lines must be replenished over time in order to offset revenue losses when products lose their exclusivity, as well as to provide for earnings growth. our growth potential depends in large part on our ability to identify and develop new products or new indications for existing products that address unmet medical needs and receive reimbursement from payers, either through internal r&d or through collaborations, acquisitions, joint ventures or licensing or other arrangements with third parties. however, balancing current growth, investment for the future and the delivery of shareholder return remains a major challenge. our ongoing investments in new product introductions and in r&d for new products and existing product extensions could exceed corresponding sales growth. this could produce higher costs without a corresponding increase in revenues.
additionally, our r&d investment plans and resources may not be correctly matched between science and markets, and failure to invest in the right technology platforms, therapeutic segments, product classes, geographic markets and/or in-licensing and out-licensing opportunities in order to deliver a robust pipeline could adversely impact the productivity of our pipeline. further, even if the areas with the greatest market attractiveness are identified, the science may not work for any given program despite the significant investment required for r&d.
we continue to strengthen our global r&d organization and pursue strategies intended to improve innovation and overall productivity in r&d to achieve a sustainable pipeline that will deliver value in the near term and over time. there can be no assurance that these strategies will deliver the desired result, which could affect profitability in the future.
development, regulatory approval and marketing of products the outcome of the lengthy and complex process of identifying new compounds and developing new products is inherently uncertain and involves a high degree of risk and cost. drug discovery and development is time-consuming, expensive and unpredictable. the process from early discovery or design to development to regulatory approval can take many years. drug candidates can and do fail at any stage of the process, including as the result of unfavorable clinical trial results. there can be no assurance regarding our ability to meet anticipated clinical trial commencement and completion dates, regulatory submission dates, and launch dates for product candidates, or as to whether or when we will receive regulatory approval for new products or for new indications or dosage forms for existing products, which will depend on the assessment by regulatory authorities of the benefit-risk profile reflected by the totality of the efficacy and safety information submitted. decisions by regulatory authorities regarding labeling, ingredients and other matters could adversely affect the availability or commercial potential of our products, and there is no assurance that any of our late stage pipeline products will receive regulatory approval and/or be commercially successful or that recently approved products will be approved in other markets and/or be commercially successful. there is also a risk that we may not adequately address existing regulatory agency findings concerning the adequacy of our regulatory compliance processes and systems or implement sustainable processes and procedures to maintain regulatory compliance and to address future regulatory agency findings, should they occur. in addition, there are risks associated with interim data, including the risk that final results of studies for which interim data have been provided and/or additional clinical trials may be different from (including less favorable than) the interim data results and may not support further clinical development of the applicable product candidate or indication.
there are many considerations that can affect the marketing of our products around the world. regulatory delays, the inability to successfully complete or adequately design and implement clinical trials within the anticipated quality, time and cost guidelines or in compliance with applicable regulatory expectations, claims and concerns about safety and efficacy, new discoveries, patent disputes and claims about adverse side effects are a few of the factors that can adversely affect the realization of r&d and product-related, forward-looking statements. further, claims and concerns about safety and efficacy can result in a negative impact on product sales, product recalls or withdrawals, and/or consumer fraud, product liability and other litigation and claims. increasing regulatory scrutiny of drug safety and efficacy, with regulatory authorities increasingly focused on product safety and the risk/benefit profile of products as they relate to already-approved products, has resulted in a more challenging, expensive and lengthy regulatory approval process due to requests for, among other things, additional clinical trials prior to granting approval or increased post-approval requirements, such as risk evaluation and mitigation strategies.
20
in addition, failure to put in place adequate controls and/or resources for effective collection, reporting and management of adverse events from clinical trials and post-marketing surveillance, in compliance with current and evolving regulatory requirements could result in risks to patient safety, regulatory actions and risks to product sales.
post-approval data as a condition to granting marketing approval of a product, the fda may require a company to conduct additional clinical trials. the results generated in these phase 4 trials could result in loss of marketing approval, changes in product labeling, and/or new or increased concerns about the side effects or efficacy of a product. regulatory agencies in countries outside the u.s. often have similar authority and may impose comparable requirements. post-marketing studies, whether conducted by us or by others and whether mandated by regulatory agencies or voluntary, and other emerging data about marketed products, such as adverse event reports, may also adversely affect sales of our products. further, the discovery of significant problems with a product similar to one of our products that implicate (or are perceived to implicate) an entire class of products could have an adverse effect on sales of the affected products. accordingly, new data about our products, or products similar to our products, could negatively impact demand for our products due to real or perceived side effects or uncertainty regarding efficacy and, in some cases, could result in updated labeling, restrictions on use, product withdrawal or recall.
patent protection our long-term success largely depends on our ability to market technologically competitive products. we rely and expect to continue to rely on a combination of intellectual property, including patent, trademark, trade dress, copyright, trade secret and domain name protection laws, as well as confidentiality and license agreements with our employees and others, to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights. if we fail to obtain and maintain adequate intellectual property protection, we may not be able to prevent third parties from launching generic versions of our products, using our proprietary technologies or from marketing products that are very similar or identical to ours. our currently pending or future patent applications may not result in issued patents, or be granted on a timely basis. similarly, any term extensions that we seek may not be granted on a timely basis, if at all. in addition, our issued patents may not contain claims sufficiently broad to protect us against third parties with similar technologies or products or provide us with any competitive advantage, including exclusivity in a particular product area. the scope of our patent claims also may vary between countries, as individual countries have distinctive patent laws. we may be subject to challenges by third parties regarding our intellectual property, including, among others, claims regarding validity, enforceability, scope and effective term.
our ability to enforce our patents also depends on the laws of individual countries and each country's practice with respect to enforcement of intellectual property rights, and the extent to which certain sovereigns may seek to engage in a policy of routine compulsory licensing of pharmaceutical intellectual property as a result of local political pressure or in the case of national emergencies. in countries that provide some form of regulatory exclusivity, mechanisms exist permitting some form of challenge to our patents by competitors or generic drug marketers prior to or immediately following the expiration of such regulatory exclusivity, and generic companies are increasingly employing aggressive strategies, such as "at risk" launches to challenge our patent rights. further, if we are unable to maintain our existing license agreements or other agreements pursuant to which third parties grant us rights to intellectual property, including because such agreements expire or are terminated, our operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
likewise, in the u.s. and other countries, we currently hold issued trademark registrations and have trademark applications pending, any of which may be the subject of a governmental or third-party objection, which could prevent the maintenance or issuance of the same. as our products mature, our reliance on our trademarks to differentiate us from our competitors increases and as a result, if we are unable to prevent third parties from adopting, registering or using trademarks and trade dress that infringe, dilute or otherwise violate our trademark rights, our business could be materially adversely affected. we actively seek to protect our proprietary information, including our trade secrets and proprietary know-how, by requiring our employees, consultants, other advisors and other third parties to execute proprietary information and confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of their employment, engagement or other relationship. despite these efforts and precautions, we may be unable to prevent a third party from copying or otherwise obtaining and using our trade secrets or our other intellectual property without authorization, and legal remedies in some countries may not adequately compensate us for the damages caused by such unauthorized use. further, others may independently and lawfully develop substantially similar or identical products that circumvent our intellectual property by means of alternative designs or processes or otherwise.
21
a properly functioning intellectual property regime is essential to our business model.  we are committed to respecting the valid intellectual property rights of other companies but the patent granting process is imperfect.  accordingly, the pursuit of valid business opportunities may require us to challenge intellectual property rights held by other companies that we believe were improperly granted. such challenges may include negotiation and litigation, which may not be successful.
biotechnology products abbreviated legal pathways for the approval of biosimilars exist in certain international markets and, since the passage of the aca, a framework for such approval exists in the u.s. if competitors are able to obtain marketing approval for biosimilars referencing our biotechnology products, our biotechnology products may become subject to competition from biosimilars, with attendant competitive pressure, and price reductions could follow. the expiration or successful challenge of applicable patent rights could trigger this competition, assuming any relevant exclusivity period has expired. we may face more litigation with respect to the validity and/or scope of patents relating to our biotechnology products with substantial revenue.
we are developing biosimilar medicines. the developing pathway for registration and approval of biosimilar products in the u.s. could diminish the value of our past and future investments in biosimilars. other risks related to our development of biosimilars include the potential for steeper than anticipated price erosion due to increased competitive intensity, coupled with high costs associated with clinical development or intellectual property challenges that may preclude timely commercialization of our potential biosimilar products. there is also a risk of lower prescriptions of biosimilars due to potential concerns over comparability with innovator medicines.
research studies decisions about research studies made early in the development process of a drug candidate can have a substantial impact on the marketing strategy and payer reimbursement possibilities once the drug receives regulatory approval. for example, more detailed studies can lead to approval for a broader set of indications that may impact the marketing and payer reimbursement process, but each additional indication must be balanced against the time and resources required to demonstrate benefit and the potential delays to approval of the primary indication. we try to plan clinical trials prudently and to reasonably foresee and address challenges, but there is no guarantee that an optimal balance between trial conduct, speed and desired outcome will be achieved each time. the degree to which these challenges are foreseen and addressed could affect our future results.
foreign exchange and interest rate risk significant portions of our revenues and earnings, as well as our substantial international net assets, are exposed to changes in foreign exchange rates. 62% of our total 2014 revenues were derived from international operations, including 27% from europe and 21% from japan and the rest of asia. as we operate in multiple foreign currencies, including the euro, the japanese yen, the chinese renminbi, the u.k. pound, the canadian dollar and approximately 100 other currencies, changes in those currencies relative to the u.s. dollar will impact our revenues and expenses. if the u.s. dollar were to weaken against another currency, assuming all other variables remained constant, our revenues would increase, having a positive impact on earnings, and our overall expenses would increase, having a negative impact on earnings. conversely, if the u.s. dollar were to strengthen against another currency, assuming all other variables remained constant, our revenues would decrease, having a negative impact on earnings, and our overall expenses would decrease, having a positive impact on earnings. therefore, significant changes in foreign exchange rates can impact our results and our financial guidance.
the impact of possible currency devaluations in countries experiencing high inflation rates or significant exchange fluctuations can impact our results and financial guidance. for example, in february 2013, the venezuelan government devalued its currency from a rate of 4.3 to 6.3 of venezuelan currency to the u.s. dollar. see the analysis of financial condition, liquidity and capital resources-global economic conditions--venezuela operations section in our 2014 financial report for more information.
in addition, our interest-bearing investments and borrowings, and our pension benefit obligations, net, and our postretirement benefit obligations, net, are subject to risk from changes in interest rates and foreign exchange rates. these risks and the measures we have taken to help contain them are discussed in the forward-looking information and factors that may affect future results-financial risk management section in our 2014 financial report. for additional details, see the notes to consolidated financial statements-note 7e. financial instruments: derivative financial instruments and hedging activities and -note 11. pension and postretirement benefit plans and defined contribution plans in our 2014
22
financial report and the significant accounting policies and application of critical accounting estimates and assumptions--benefit plans section in our 2014 financial report. those sections of our 2014 financial report are incorporated by reference.
notwithstanding our efforts to foresee and mitigate the effects of changes in external fiscal circumstances, we cannot predict with certainty changes in currency and interest rates, inflation or other related factors affecting our businesses.
risks affecting international operations our international operations could be affected by currency fluctuations, capital and exchange controls, expropriation and other restrictive government actions, changes in intellectual property legal protections and remedies, trade regulations and procedures and actions affecting approval, production, pricing, and marketing of, reimbursement for and access to our products, as well as by political unrest, unstable governments and legal systems and inter-governmental disputes. any of these changes could adversely affect our business.
many emerging markets have experienced growth rates in excess of developed markets, leading to an increased contribution to the industry's global performance. as a result, we have been employing strategies to grow in emerging markets, including the full integration of emerging markets into each of our three operating segments-the global innovative pharmaceutical segment; the global vaccines, oncology and consumer healthcare segment; and the global established pharmaceutical segment. however, there is no assurance that our strategies in emerging markets will be successful or that these countries will continue to sustain these growth rates. in addition, some emerging market countries may be particularly vulnerable to periods of financial instability or significant currency fluctuations or may have limited resources for healthcare spending, which, as discussed above, can adversely affect our results.
specialty pharmaceuticals specialty pharmaceuticals are medicines that treat rare or life-threatening conditions that typically have smaller patient populations. the growing availability and use of innovative specialty pharmaceuticals, combined with their relative higher cost as compared to other types of pharmaceutical products, has generated payer interest in developing cost-containment strategies targeted to this sector. while the impact of payers' efforts to control access to and pricing of specialty pharmaceuticals has had limited impact on pfizer to date, a number of factors may lead to a more significant adverse business impact in the future given our growing specialty business portfolio. these include the increasing use of health technology assessment in markets around the world, u.s. pbms seeking to negotiate greater discounts, deteriorating finances of certain governments and the uptake of biosimilars as they become available.
consumer healthcare the consumer healthcare business may be impacted by economic volatility, the timing and severity of the cough, cold and flu season, generic or store brand competition affecting consumer spending patterns and market share gains of competitors' branded products or generic store brands. in addition, regulatory and legislative outcomes regarding the safety, efficacy or unintended uses of specific ingredients in our consumer healthcare products may require withdrawal, reformulation and/or relabeling of certain products (e.g., cough/cold products). see the global economic environment below.
the global economic environment in addition to industry-specific factors, we, like other businesses, are exposed to the economic cycle, which impacts our biopharmaceutical operations globally. we believe that patients, who are experiencing increases in co-pays and restrictions on access to medicines as payers seek to control costs, sometimes switch to generic products, delay treatments, skip doses or use less effective treatments. we are exposed to negative pricing pressure in various markets around the world. the u.s. has highly competitive insurance markets. europe, japan, china, canada, south korea and a number of other international markets have government-mandated reductions in prices and access restrictions for certain biopharmaceutical products to control costs for the government-sponsored healthcare system, particularly under recent global economic pressures. furthermore, some government agencies and third-party payers use health technology assessments in ways that, at times, lead to restricted access to and lower prices for new medicines.
the global economic environment has not had, nor do we anticipate it will have, a material impact on our liquidity or capital resources. due to our significant operating cash flows, financial assets, access to capital markets and available lines of credit and revolving credit agreements, we continue to believe that we have, and will maintain, the ability to meet our liquidity needs for the foreseeable future. as market conditions change, we continue to monitor our liquidity position. however, there
23
can be no assurance that possible future changes in global financial markets and global economic conditions will not affect our liquidity or capital resources or impact our ability to obtain financing in the future.
other potential impacts of variations in the economic cycle include declining sales; increased costs; changes in foreign exchange rates; a decline in the value of, or a lower rate of return on, our financial assets and pension plan investments, which may require us to increase our pension funding obligations; adverse government actions; delays or failures in the performance of customers, suppliers, and other third parties on whom we may depend for the performance of our business; and the risk that our allowance for doubtful accounts may not be adequate.
outsourcing we outsource certain services to third parties in areas including transaction processing, accounting, information technology, manufacturing, clinical trial execution, non-clinical research, safety services and other areas. in 2014, we continued to place the majority of our clinical trial execution services with two strategic clinical research organizations (cros) and we also utilized another cro to execute early phase development studies. service performance issues with these cros may adversely impact the progression of our clinical trial programs. outsourcing of services to third parties could also expose us to sub-optimal quality of service delivery, which may result in missed deadlines, supply disruptions, non-compliance or reputational harm, all with potential negative implications for our results.
we continue to pursue a multi-year initiative to outsource some transaction-processing activities within certain accounting processes and are migrating to a consistent enterprise resource planning system across the organization. these are enhancements of ongoing activities to support the growth of our financial shared service capabilities and standardize our financial systems. if any difficulties in the migration to or in the operation of the new system were to occur, they could adversely affect our operations, including, among other ways, through a failure to meet demand for our products, or adversely affect our ability to meet our financial reporting obligations.
collaborations and other relationships with third parties we depend on third-party collaborators, service providers, and others in the development and commercialization of our products and product candidates and also enter into joint ventures and other business development transactions in connection with our business. to achieve expected longer term benefits, substantial upfront payments in such transactions may negatively impact our reported earnings. we rely heavily on these parties for multiple aspects of our drug development and commercialization activities, but we do not control many aspects of those activities. third parties may not complete activities on schedule or in accordance with our expectations. failure by one or more of these third parties to meet their contractual, regulatory or other obligations to pfizer, or any disruption in the relationships between pfizer and these third parties, could delay or prevent the development, approval or commercialization of our products and product candidates and could also result in non-compliance or reputational harm, all with potential negative implications for our product pipeline and business.
interactions with healthcare professionals and government officials risks and uncertainties apply where we provide something of value to a healthcare professional and/or government official, which, if found to be improper, could potentially result in government enforcement actions and penalties. these risks may increase as non-u.s. jurisdictions adopt or increase enforcement efforts of new anti-bribery laws and regulations.
difficulties of our wholesale distributors in 2014, our largest wholesale distributor accounted for approximately 13% of our total revenue (and 34% of our total u.s. revenue), and our top three wholesale distributors accounted for approximately 32% of our total revenue (and 84% of our total u.s. revenue). if one of our significant wholesale distributors should encounter financial or other difficulties, such distributor might decrease the amount of business that it does with us, and we might be unable to collect all the amounts that the distributor owes us on a timely basis or at all, which could negatively impact our results of operations.
product manufacturing and marketing risks difficulties or delays in product manufacturing or marketing could affect future results through regulatory actions, shut-downs, approval delays, withdrawals, recalls, penalties, supply disruptions or shortages, reputational harm, product liability, unanticipated costs or otherwise. examples of such difficulties or delays include, but are not limited to, the inability to increase production capacity commensurate with demand; the failure to predict market demand for, or to gain market acceptance of, approved products; the possibility that the supply of incoming materials may be delayed or become unavailable
24
and that the quality of incoming materials may be substandard and not detected; the possibility that we may fail to maintain appropriate quality standards throughout the internal and external supply network and/or comply with current good manufacturing practices and other applicable regulations such as serialization (which allows for track and trace of products in the supply chain to enhance patient safety); risks to supply chain continuity as a result of natural or man-made disasters at our facilities or at a supplier or vendor, including those that may be related to climate change; or failure to maintain the integrity of our supply chains against intentional and criminal acts such as economic adulteration, product diversion, product theft, and counterfeit goods.
regulatory agencies periodically inspect our drug manufacturing facilities to ensure compliance with applicable current good manufacturing practices requirements. failure to comply with these requirements may subject us to possible legal or regulatory actions, such as suspension of manufacturing, seizure of product or voluntary recall of a product.
counterfeit products a counterfeit medicine is one that has been deliberately and fraudulently mislabeled as to its identity and source. a counterfeit pfizer medicine, therefore, is one manufactured by someone other than pfizer, but which appears to be the same as an authentic pfizer medicine. the prevalence of counterfeit medicines is a significant and growing industry-wide issue due to a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, the following: the widespread use of the internet, which has greatly facilitated the ease by which counterfeit medicines can be advertised, purchased and delivered to individual patients; the availability of sophisticated technology that makes it easier for counterfeiters to make counterfeit medicines; the growing involvement in the medicine supply chain of under-regulated wholesalers and repackagers; the importation of medicines across borders; and the relatively modest risk of penalties faced by counterfeiters. further, laws against pharmaceutical counterfeiting vary greatly from country to country, and the enforcement of existing law varies greatly from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. for example, in some countries, pharmaceutical counterfeiting is not a crime; in others, it may result in only minimal sanctions. in addition, those involved in the distribution of counterfeit medicines use complex transport routes in order to evade customs controls by disguising the true source of their products.
counterfeit medicines pose a risk to patient health and safety because of the conditions under which they are manufactured-often in unregulated, unlicensed, uninspected and unsanitary sites-as well as the lack of regulation of their contents. failure to mitigate the threat of counterfeit medicines, which is exacerbated by the complexity of the supply chain, could adversely impact our business, by, among other things, causing the loss of patient confidence in the pfizer name and in the integrity of our medicines, potentially resulting in lost sales, product recalls, and an increased threat of litigation.
we undertake significant efforts to counteract the threats associated with counterfeit medicines, including, among other things, working with the fda and other regulatory authorities and multinational coalitions to combat the counterfeiting of medicines and supporting efforts by law enforcement authorities to prosecute counterfeiters; assessing new and existing technologies to seek to make it more difficult for counterfeiters to copy our products and easier for patients and healthcare providers to distinguish authentic from counterfeit medicines; implementing business practices designed to protect patient health; promoting public policies intended to hinder counterfeiting; working diligently to raise public awareness about the dangers of counterfeit medicines; and working collaboratively with wholesalers, pharmacies, customs offices, and law enforcement agencies to increase inspection coverage, monitor distribution channels, and improve surveillance of distributors and repackagers. no assurance can be given, however, that our efforts and the efforts of others will be entirely successful, and the presence of counterfeit medicines may continue to increase.
cost and expense control/unusual events/failure to realize the anticipated benefits of strategic initiatives and acquisitions/intangible assets and goodwill growth in costs and expenses, changes in product, segment and geographic mix and the impact of acquisitions, divestitures, restructurings, internal reorganizations, product withdrawals, recalls and other unusual events that could result from evolving business strategies, evaluation of asset realization and organizational restructuring could adversely affect future results. such risks and uncertainties include, in particular, our ability to realize the projected benefits of (i) our cost-reduction and productivity initiatives, including those related to our r&d organization; (ii) our internal separation of our commercial operations into our new operating structure; (iii) any other corporate strategic initiatives; (iv) any acquisitions, divestitures or other initiatives; and (v) our proposed acquisition of hospira.
in addition, our consolidated balance sheet contains significant amounts of intangible assets, including goodwill. for ipr&d assets, the risk of failure is significant, and there can be no certainty that these assets will ultimately yield successful products. the nature of the biopharmaceutical business is high-risk and requires that we invest in a large number of projects in an effort to achieve a successful portfolio of approved products. our ability to realize value on these significant investments is
25
often contingent upon, among other things, regulatory approvals and market acceptance. as such, we expect that many of these ipr&d assets will become impaired and be written off at some time in the future. for goodwill, all reporting units can confront events and circumstances that can lead to a goodwill impairment charge (such as, among other things, unanticipated competition, an adverse action or assessment by a regulator, a significant adverse change in legal matters or in the business climate and/or a failure to replace the contributions of products that lose exclusivity). any such charges may be significant. our other intangible assets, including developed technology rights and brands, face similar risks for impairment and charges related to such assets may be significant as well.
changes in laws and accounting standards our future results could be adversely affected by changes in laws and regulations, including, among others, changes in accounting standards, taxation requirements (including tax rate changes, new tax laws and revised tax law and regulatory interpretations, including changes affecting the taxation by the u.s. of income earned outside the u.s. that may result from pending and possible future proposals), competition laws, privacy laws and environmental laws in the u.s. and other countries.
terrorist activity our future results could be adversely affected by changes in business, political and economic conditions, including the cost and availability of insurance, due to the threat of terrorist activity in the u.s. and other parts of the world and related u.s. military action overseas.
legal proceedings we and certain of our subsidiaries are involved in various patent, product liability, consumer, commercial, securities, antitrust, environmental, employment and tax litigations and claims, government investigations and other legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of our business. litigation is inherently unpredictable, and excessive verdicts do occur. although we believe we have substantial defenses in these matters, we could in the future incur judgments, enter into settlements of claims or revise our expectations regarding the outcomes of certain matters, and such developments could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in the period in which the amounts are accrued and/or our cash flows in the period in which the amounts are paid.
our activities relating to the sale and marketing and the pricing of our products are subject to extensive regulation under the u.s. federal food, drug, and cosmetic act, the medicaid drug rebate program, the fcpa and other federal and state statutes, including those discussed elsewhere in this 2014 form 10-k, as well as anti-kickback and false claims laws, and similar laws in international jurisdictions. like many companies in our industry, we have from time to time received inquiries and subpoenas and other types of information demands from government authorities, and been subject to claims and other actions related to our business activities brought by governmental authorities, as well as by consumers and private payers. in some instances, we have incurred significant expense, civil payments, fines and other adverse consequences as a result of these claims, actions and inquiries. for example, these claims, actions and inquiries may relate to alleged failures to accurately interpret or identify or prevent non-compliance with the laws and regulations associated with the dissemination of product information (approved and unapproved), potentially resulting in government enforcement and damage to our reputation. this risk may be heightened by digital marketing, including social media, mobile applications and blogger outreach.
in connection with the resolution of certain u.s. government investigations concerning various products in september 2009, we entered into a corporate integrity agreement (cia) with the office of inspector general (oig). while the compliance obligations expired on december 31, 2014, certain reporting requirements with respect to those compliance obligations continue into 2015 and a material failure to comply with the cia through the end of its term could result in severe sanctions against us pursuant to the cia penalty provisions. these penalty provisions will expire once the oig officially notifies pfizer that its final report to the oig is complete and that the oig has no further questions. the deferred prosecution agreement, which one of our subsidiaries entered into with the u.s. department of justice in august 2012 and in connection with the resolution of foreign corrupt practices act matters, also expired in 2014.
claims against our patents include challenges to the coverage and/or validity of our patents on various products or processes. although we believe we have substantial defenses to these challenges with respect to all our material patents, there can be no assurance as to the outcome of these matters, and a loss in any of these cases could result in a loss of patent protection for the drug at issue, which could lead to a significant loss of sales of that drug and could materially affect future results of operations.
26
business development activities we expect to continue to enhance our in-line products and product pipeline through acquisitions, licensing and alliances. see the overview of our performance, operating environment, strategy and outlook-our business development initiatives section in our 2014 financial report, which is incorporated by reference. however, these enhancement plans are subject to the availability and cost of appropriate opportunities, competition from other pharmaceutical companies that are seeking similar opportunities and our ability to successfully identify, structure and execute transactions, including the ability to satisfy the conditions to closing of announced transactions (including the hospira acquisition) in the anticipated timeframe or at all, and integrate acquisitions. further, while we seek to mitigate risks and liabilities of such transactions through, among other things, due diligence, there may be risks and liabilities that such due diligence efforts fail to discover, that are not disclosed to us, or that we inadequately assess.
information technology and security significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of information security could adversely affect our businesses. we rely to a large extent upon sophisticated information technology systems to operate our businesses. in the ordinary course of business, we collect, store and transmit large amounts of confidential information (including, but not limited to, personal information and intellectual property), and it is critical that we do so in a secure manner to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of such confidential information. we also have outsourced significant elements of our operations to third parties, including significant elements of our information technology infrastructure and, as a result, we are managing many independent vendor relationships with third parties who may or could have access to our confidential information. the size and complexity of our information technology and information security systems, and those of our third-party vendors with whom we contract (and the large amounts of confidential information that is present on them), make such systems potentially vulnerable to service interruptions or to security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees or vendors, or from attacks by malicious third parties. such attacks are of ever-increasing levels of sophistication and are made by groups and individuals with a wide range of motives (including, but not limited to, industrial espionage) and expertise, including organized criminal groups, "hacktivists," nation states and others. as a global pharmaceutical company, our systems are subject to frequent attacks. due to the nature of some of these attacks, there is a risk that they may remain undetected for a period of time. while we have invested in the protection of data and information technology, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent service interruptions or security breaches. any such interruption or breach of our systems could adversely affect our business operations and/or result in the loss of critical or sensitive confidential information or intellectual property, and could result in financial, legal, business and reputational harm to us. we maintain cyber liability insurance; however this insurance may not be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems.
environmental claims and proceedings we and certain of our subsidiaries are subject to contingencies arising in the ordinary course of business relating to environmental claims and proceedings. amounts recorded for contingencies can result from a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties and can rely heavily on estimates and assumptions. while we have accrued for worldwide environmental liabilities, there is no guarantee that additional costs will not be incurred beyond the amounts accrued. if we fail to properly manage the safety of our facilities and the environmental risks associated therewith or if we are required to increase our accruals for contingencies for environmental claims and proceedings in the future, it could potentially have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
hospira acquisition we may fail to realize all of the anticipated benefits of the proposed acquisition.
the success of our proposed acquisition of hospira will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings from combining our businesses. the anticipated benefits and cost savings of the proposed acquisition may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected. the integration process may, for each company, result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of ongoing businesses or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies. if the proposed acquisition is not completed, our ongoing business and financial results may be adversely affected.
27
the required shareholder and regulatory approvals may not be obtained or the regulatory approvals may contain materially burdensome conditions that could have an adverse effect on us.
completion of the proposed acquisition is conditioned upon the approval of hospira's shareholders and the receipt of certain governmental approvals, including, without limitation, the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the hart-scott-rodino antitrust improvements act of 1976, as amended, as well as the receipt of all regulatory clearances under the antitrust laws of several other jurisdictions, including the eu. although pfizer and hospira have agreed in the merger agreement to use their reasonable best efforts to obtain the requisite shareholder and governmental approvals, there can be no assurance that these approvals will be obtained and that the other conditions to closing will be satisfied. in addition, the governmental authorities from which the regulatory approvals are required may impose conditions on the completion of the proposed acquisition or require changes to the terms of the proposed acquisition. under the terms of the merger agreement, we are required, if necessary to receive antitrust approval, to make divestitures of assets so long as such divestitures would not result in the sale of assets of either us or hospira that generated revenue in excess of $450 million during the twelve months ended september 30, 2014. failure to complete the proposed acquisition could negatively impact our stock price and our future business and financial results.
the market value of our common stock may be adversely affected as a result of financial statement charges and cash costs associated with the proposed transaction.
we could encounter transaction- and integration-related costs or other factors, such as the failure to realize benefits anticipated from the proposed transaction, which could negatively impact the projected financial consequences of the proposed transaction.
we expect to account for the proposed merger using the acquisition method of accounting, which will result in charges to our earnings that could adversely affect our reported operating results. under this method, we will allocate the total purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed from hospira based on their fair values as of the date of the completion of the proposed merger, and record any excess of the purchase price over those fair values as goodwill. for certain tangible and intangible assets, reevaluating fair value as of the completion date of the proposed merger will result in pfizer incurring additional depreciation and/or amortization expense that exceed the combined amounts recorded by pfizer and hospira prior to the proposed merger. this increased expense will be recorded by us over the useful lives of the underlying assets. in addition, to the extent the value of goodwill or intangible assets were to become impaired, we may be required to incur charges relating to the impairment of those assets.
we expect to incur a number of non-recurring costs associated with the integration process. the substantial majority of such expenses will be comprised of transaction costs, facilities and systems consolidation costs and employment-related costs, although certain unanticipated costs may be incurred as well, such as potential costs related to litigation seeking to prevent the proposed acquisition. we expect that the elimination of duplicative costs and the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses will allow us to more than offset incremental transaction- and integration-related costs over time, but this net benefit may not be achieved in the near term, or at all.
28
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the discussion under the heading financial review in our 2014 financial report.
32
