item 1a. risk factors our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and the trading price of our common stock or our senior notes which are listed on the nyse.
risks related to our business and industry damage to our reputation could damage our businesses.
maintaining our reputation is critical to attracting and maintaining clients, customers, investors and associates. if we fail to deal with, or appear to fail to deal with, issues that may give rise to reputational risk, we could significantly harm our business prospects. these issues include, but are not limited to, any of the risks discussed in this item 1a, appropriately dealing with potential conflicts of interest, legal and regulatory requirements, ethical issues, money-laundering, privacy, record keeping, sales and trading practices, failure to sell securities we have underwritten at the anticipated price levels, and the proper identification of the legal, reputational, credit, liquidity, and market risks inherent in our products. a failure to maintain appropriate standards of service and quality, or a failure or perceived failure to treat customers and clients fairly, can result in client dissatisfaction, litigation and heightened regulatory scrutiny, all of which can lead to lost revenue, higher operating costs and harm to our reputation. further, negative publicity regarding us, whether or not true, may also harm our future business prospects.
we are affected by domestic and international macroeconomic conditions that impact the global financial markets.
we are engaged in various financial services businesses. as such, we are generally affected by domestic and international macroeconomic and political conditions, including levels of economic output, interest and inflation rates, employment levels, consumer confidence levels, and fiscal and monetary policy. these conditions may directly and indirectly impact a number of factors in the global financial markets that may be detrimental to our operating results, including trading levels, investing, and origination activity in the securities markets, security valuations, the absolute and relative level and volatility of interest and currency rates, real estate values, the actual and perceived quality of issuers and borrowers, and the supply of and demand for loans and deposits.
15
index at times over the last several years we have experienced operating cycles during weak and uncertain u.s. and global economic conditions, including low levels of economic output, artificially maintained levels of historically low interest rates, relatively high rates of unemployment, and significant uncertainty with regards to fiscal and monetary policy both domestically and abroad. these conditions led to several factors in the global financial markets that from time to time negatively impacted our net revenue and profitability. while select factors indicate signs of improvement, uncertainty remains. a period of sustained downturns and/or volatility in the securities markets, prolonged continuation of the artificially low level of short term interest rates, a return to increased dislocations in the credit markets, reductions in the value of real estate, and other negative market factors could significantly impair our revenues and profitability. we could experience a decline in commission revenue from a lower volume of trades we execute for our clients, a decline in fees from reduced portfolio values of securities managed on behalf of our clients, a reduction in revenue from the number and size of transactions in which we provide underwriting, financial advisory and other services, increased credit provisions and charge-offs, losses sustained from our customers' and market participants' failure to fulfill their settlement obligations, reduced net interest earnings, and other losses. these periods of reduced revenue and other losses could be accompanied by periods of reduced profitability because certain of our expenses including but not limited to our interest expense on debt, rent, facilities and salary expenses are fixed and, our ability to reduce them over short periods of time is limited.
u.s. markets may also be impacted by political and civil unrest occurring in the middle east and in eastern europe and russia. concerns about the european union's ("eu") sovereign debt in recent years has caused uncertainty and disruption for financial markets globally. continued uncertainties loom over the outcome of the eu's financial support programs and the possibility exists that other eu member states may experience similar financial troubles in the future. any negative impact on economic conditions and global markets from these matters could adversely affect our business, financial condition and liquidity.
our businesses and earnings are affected by the fiscal and other policies adopted by various regulatory authorities of the united states, foreign governments, and domestic and international agencies. the fed regulates the supply of money and credit in the united states. fed policies determine in large part the cost of funds for lending and investing and the return earned on those loans and investments. the market impact from such policies can also materially decrease the value of certain of our financial assets, most notably debt securities. changes in fed policies are beyond our control and, consequently, the impact of these changes on our activities and results of our operations are difficult to predict. we may also be indirectly impacted by fiscal and monetary policy enacted in various global markets.
u.s. state and local governments also continue to struggle with budget pressures caused by the ongoing less than optimal economic environment, and ongoing concerns regarding municipal issuer credit quality. if these trends continue or worsen, investor concerns could potentially reduce the number and size of transactions in which we participate and in turn reduce investment banking revenues. in addition such factors could adversely affect the value of the municipal securities we hold in our trading securities portfolio.
rj bank is particularly affected by economic conditions in north america. united states and/or canadian factors which are indicative of market conditions include: interest rates, the rate of unemployment, real estate prices, the level of consumer confidence, changes in consumer spending and the number of personal bankruptcies, among others. the deterioration of these factors can diminish loan demand, lead to an increase in mortgage and other loan delinquencies, affect loan repayment performance and result in higher reserves and net charge-offs, which can adversely affect our earnings.
lack of liquidity or access to capital could impair our business and financial condition.
maintaining an appropriate level of liquidity, or the amount of capital that is readily available for investment, spending, or to meet our contractual obligations is essential to our business. our inability to maintain adequate levels of capital in the form of cash and readily available access to the credit and capital markets could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition. if liquidity from our brokerage or banking operations is inadequate or unavailable, we may be required to scale back or curtail our operations, including limiting our efforts to recruit additional financial advisors, selling assets at prices that may be less favorable to us, and cutting or eliminating the dividends we pay to our shareholders. some potential conditions that could negatively affect our liquidity include the inability of our subsidiaries to generate cash in the form of dividends from earnings, changes imposed by regulators to our liquidity or capital requirements in our subsidiaries that may prevent the upstream of dividends in the form of cash to the parent company, limited or no accessibility to credit markets for secured and unsecured borrowings by our subsidiaries, diminished access to the capital markets for our company, and other commitments or restrictions on capital as a result of adverse legal settlements, judgments, or regulatory sanctions.
the availability of outside financing, including access to the credit and capital markets, depends on a variety of factors, such as conditions in the debt and equity markets, the general availability of credit, the volume of securities trading activity, the overall availability of credit to the financial services sector, and our credit ratings. our cost and availability of funding may be adversely
16
index affected by illiquid credit markets and wider credit spreads. additionally, lenders may from time to time curtail, or even cease, to provide funding to borrowers as a result of any future concerns about the stability of the markets generally, and the strength of counterparties specifically.
if rjf's credit ratings were downgraded, or if rating agencies indicate that a downgrade may occur, our business, financial position, and results of operations could be adversely affected, perceptions of our financial strength could be damaged, and as a result, adversely affect our relationships with clients. such a reduction in our credit ratings could also adversely affect our liquidity and competitive position, increase our incremental borrowing costs, limit our access to the capital markets, trigger obligations under certain financial agreements, or decrease the number of investors, clients and counterparties willing or permitted to do business with or lend to us, thereby curtailing our business operations and reducing profitability.
we may not be able to successfully obtain additional outside financing to fund our operations on favorable terms, or at all. the impact of a credit rating downgrade to a level below investment grade would result in our breaching provisions in one of our credit agreements and certain of our derivative instruments, and may result in a request for immediate payment and/or ongoing overnight collateralization on our derivative instruments in liability positions (see note 18 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for such information as of september 30, 2014).
furthermore, as a bank holding company, we may become subject to a prohibition or to limitations on our ability to pay dividends or repurchase our stock. the occ, the fed, the fdic, and the sec (through finra) have the authority, and under certain circumstances the duty, to prohibit or to limit the payment of dividends by the subsidiaries to their parent, for the subsidiaries they supervise.
see item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources," in this report for additional information on liquidity and how we manage our liquidity risk.
we are exposed to market risk.
we are, directly and indirectly, affected by changes in market conditions. market risk generally represents the risk that values of assets and liabilities or revenues will be adversely affected by changes in market conditions. for example, changes in interest rates could adversely affect our net interest spread, the difference between the yield we earn on our assets and the interest rate we pay for deposits and other sources of funding, which in turn impacts our net interest income and earnings. changes in interest rates could affect the interest earned on assets differently than interest paid on liabilities. in our brokerage operations, a rising interest rate environment generally results in our earning a larger net interest spread. conversely in those operations, a falling interest rate environment generally results in our earning a smaller net interest spread. if we are unable to effectively manage our interest rate risk, changes in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our profitability.
market risk is inherent in the financial instruments associated with our operations and activities including loans, deposits, securities, short-term borrowings, long-term debt, trading account assets and liabilities, derivatives, and venture capital and merchant banking investments. market conditions that change from time to time, thereby exposing us to market risk, include fluctuations in interest rates, equity prices, relative exchange rates, and price deterioration or changes in value due to changes in market perception or actual credit quality of an issuer.
in addition, disruptions in the liquidity or transparency of the financial markets may result in our inability to sell, syndicate or realize the value of security positions, thereby leading to increased concentrations. the inability to reduce our positions in specific securities may not only increase the market and credit risks associated with such positions, but also increase the level of risk-weighted assets on our balance sheet, thereby increasing capital requirements which could have an adverse effect on our business results, financial condition and liquidity.
our venture capital and merchant banking investments are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses reflected in earnings. the value of our private equity portfolios can fluctuate and earnings from our venture capital investments can be volatile and difficult to predict. when, and if, we recognize gains can depend on a number of factors, including general economic conditions, the prospects of the companies in which we invest, when these companies go public, the size of our position relative to the public float and whether we are subject to any resale restrictions. further, our investments could incur significant mark-to-market losses, especially if they have been written up in prior periods because of higher market prices.
see item 7a, "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk," in this report for additional information regarding our exposure to and approaches to managing market risk.
17
index we are exposed to credit risk.
we are generally exposed to the risk that third parties that owe us money, securities or other assets do not meet their performance obligations due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons.
we actively buy and sell securities from and to clients and counterparties in the normal course of our broker-dealers market making and underwriting businesses exposing us to credit risk. although generally collateralized by the underlying security to the transaction, we still face the risk associated with changes in the market value of collateral through settlement date. we also hold certain securities, loans and derivatives in our trading accounts. deterioration in the actual or perceived credit quality of the underlying issuers of securities or loans, or the non-performance of issuers and counterparties to certain derivative contracts could result in trading losses.
we borrow securities from, and lend securities to, other broker-dealers, and may also enter into agreements to repurchase and agreements to resell securities as part of investing and financing activities. a sharp change in the security market values utilized in these transactions may result in losses if counterparties to these transactions fail to honor their commitments.
we manage the risk associated with these transactions by establishing and monitoring credit limits and by monitoring collateral and transaction levels daily. a significant deterioration in the credit quality of one of our counterparties could lead to concerns in the market about the credit quality of other counterparties in the same industry, thereby exacerbating our credit risk exposure. we may require counterparties to deposit additional collateral or substitute collateral pledged. in the case of aged securities failed to receive, we may, under industry regulations, purchase the underlying securities in the market and seek reimbursement for any losses from the counterparty.
also, we permit our clients to purchase securities on margin. during periods of steep declines in securities prices, the value of the collateral securing client margin loans may fall below the amount of the purchaser's indebtedness. if the clients are unable to provide additional collateral for these margin loans, we may incur losses on those margin transactions. this may cause us to incur additional expenses defending or pursuing claims or litigation related to counterparty or client defaults.
we deposit our cash in depository institutions as a means of maintaining the liquidity necessary to meet our operating needs, and we also facilitate the deposit of cash awaiting investment in depository institutions on behalf of our clients. a failure of a depository institution to return these deposits could severely impact our operating liquidity, could result in significant reputational damage, and adversely impact our financial performance.
we also incur credit risk by lending to businesses and individuals including, but not limited to, c&i loans, commercial and residential mortgage loans, tax-exempt loans, home equity lines of credit, and margin and non-purpose loans collateralized by securities. we incur credit risk through our investments which include mbs, collateralized mortgage obligations, auction rate securities, and other municipal securities.
our credit risk and credit losses can increase if our loans or investments are concentrated among borrowers or issuers engaged in the same or similar activities, industries, geographies, or to borrowers or issuers who as a group may be uniquely or disproportionately affected by economic or market conditions. the deterioration of an individually large exposure, for example due to a natural disaster, act of terrorism, severe weather event, or economic event, could lead to additional loan loss provisions and/or charges-offs, or credit impairment of our investments, and subsequently have a material impact on our net income and regulatory capital.
declines in the real estate market or sustained economic downturns may cause us to write down the value of some of the loans in rj bank's portfolio, foreclose on certain real estate properties or write down the value of some of our available for sale securities portfolio. credit quality generally may also be affected by adverse changes in the financial performance or condition of our debtors or deterioration in the strength of the u.s. economy. our policies also can adversely affect borrowers, potentially increasing the risk that they may fail to repay their loans or satisfy their obligations to us.
see item 7a, "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk," in this report for additional information regarding our exposure to and approaches to managing credit risk.
our business depends on fees generated from the distribution of financial products, fees earned from the management of client accounts by our asset management subsidiaries and on advisory fees.
a large portion of our revenues are derived from fees generated from the distribution of financial products, such as mutual funds and variable annuities. changes in the structure or amount of the fees paid by the sponsors of these products could directly
18
index affect our revenues, business and financial condition. in addition, if these products experience losses or increased investor redemptions, we may receive lower fee revenue from the investment management and distribution services we provide on behalf of the mutual funds and annuities. the investment management fees we are paid may also decline over time due to factors such as increased competition, renegotiation of contracts and the introduction of new, lower-priced investment products and services. changes in market values or in the fee structure of asset management accounts would affect our revenues, business and financial condition. asset management fees often are primarily comprised of base management and incentive fees. management fees are primarily based on assets under management. assets under management balances are impacted by net inflow/outflow of client assets and market values. below-market investment performance by our funds and portfolio managers could result in a loss of managed accounts and could result in reputational damage that might make it more difficult to attract new investors and thus further impacting our business and financial condition. if we were to experience the loss of managed accounts, our fee revenue would decline. in addition, in periods of declining market values, our asset values under management may resultantly decline, which would negatively impact our fee revenues.
our underwriting, market making, trading, and other business activities place our capital at risk.
we may incur losses and be subject to reputational harm to the extent that, for any reason, we are unable to sell securities which we have underwritten at the anticipated price levels. as an underwriter, we also are subject to heightened standards regarding liability for material misstatements or omissions in prospectuses and other offering documents relating to offerings we underwrite. as a market maker, we may own positions in specific securities, and these undiversified holdings concentrate the risk of market fluctuations and may result in greater losses than would be the case if our holdings were more diversified. in addition, we may incur losses as a result of proprietary positions we hold primarily in connection with our market making or underwriting activities.
from time to time and as part of our underwriting processes, we may carry significant positions in securities of a single issuer or issuers engaged in a specific industry. sudden changes in the value of these positions could impact our financial results.
we have made and may continue to make principal investments in private equity funds and other illiquid investments, which are typically private limited partnership interests and securities that are not publicly traded. there is risk that we may be unable to realize our investment objectives by sale or other disposition at attractive prices or that we may otherwise be unable to complete a desirable exit strategy. in particular, these risks could arise from changes in the financial condition or prospects of the portfolio companies in which investments are made, changes in economic conditions or changes in laws, regulations, fiscal policies or political conditions. it could take a substantial period of time to identify attractive investment opportunities and then to realize the cash value of such investments through resale. even if a private equity investment proves to be profitable, it may be several years or longer before any profits can be realized in cash.
the soundness of other financial institutions and intermediaries affects us.
we face the risk of operational failure, termination or capacity constraints of any of the clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses or other financial intermediaries that we use to facilitate our securities transactions. as a result of the consolidation over the years among clearing agents, exchanges and clearing houses, our exposure to certain financial intermediaries has increased and could affect our ability to find adequate and cost-effective alternatives should the need arise. any failure, termination or constraint of these intermediaries could adversely affect our ability to execute transactions, service our clients and manage our exposure to risk.
our ability to engage in routine trading and funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, funding, counterparty or other relationships. we have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and we routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds and other institutional clients. furthermore, although we do not hold any eu sovereign debt, we may do business with and be exposed to financial institutions that have been affected by the eu sovereign debt circumstances. defaults by, or even rumors or questions about the financial condition of, one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry generally, have historically led to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by us or by other institutions. many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of our counterparty or client. in addition, our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by us cannot be realized or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due us. although we have not suffered any material or significant losses as a result of the failure of any financial counterparty, any such losses in the future may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
19
index we have experienced increased pricing pressures in areas of our business which may impair our future revenue and profitability.
our business continues to experience increased pricing pressures on trading margins and commissions in fixed income and equity trading. in the fixed income market, regulatory requirements have resulted in greater price transparency, leading to increased price competition and decreased trading margins. in the equity market, we have experienced increased pricing pressure from institutional clients to reduce commissions, and this pressure has been augmented by the increased use of electronic and direct market access trading, which has created additional competitive downward pressure on trading margins. we believe that price competition and pricing pressures in these and other areas will continue as institutional investors continue to reduce the amounts they are willing to pay, including by reducing the number of brokerage firms they use, and some of our competitors seek to obtain market share by reducing fees, commissions or margins.
regions may fail to honor its indemnification obligations associated with morgan keegan matters.
under the definitive stock purchase agreement dated january 11, 2012 entered into by rjf and regions governing our acquisition of morgan keegan (the "spa"), regions has ongoing obligations to continue to indemnify rjf with respect to certain litigation as well as other matters. rjf is relying on regions to continue fulfilling its indemnification obligations under the spa with respect to such matters. our inability to enforce these indemnification provisions, or our failure to recover losses for which we are entitled to be indemnified, could result in our incurring significant costs for defense, settlement and any adverse judgments and resultantly have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and our regulatory capital levels.
see note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for further information regarding these indemnification agreements.
growth of our business could increase costs and regulatory and integration risks.
integrating acquired businesses, providing a platform for new businesses and partnering with other firms involve a number of risks and present financial, managerial and operational challenges. we may incur significant expenses in connection with further expansion of our existing businesses, or recruitment of financial advisors, or in connection with strategic acquisitions or investments, if and to the extent they arise from time to time. our overall profitability would be negatively affected if investments and expenses associated with such growth are not matched or exceeded by the revenues that are derived from such investment or growth.
expansion may also create a need for additional compliance, documentation, risk management and internal control procedures, and often involves the hiring of additional personnel to monitor such procedures. to the extent such procedures are not adequate to appropriately monitor any new or expanded business, we could be exposed to a material loss or regulatory sanction.
moreover, to the extent we pursue strategic acquisitions, we may be unable to complete such acquisitions on acceptable terms, or be unable to successfully integrate the operations of any acquired business into our existing business. such acquisitions could be of significant size and/or complexity. this effort, together with difficulties we may encounter in integrating an acquired business, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. in addition, we may need to raise equity capital or borrow to finance such acquisitions, which could dilute our shareholders or increase our leverage. any such borrowings might not be available on terms as favorable to us as our current borrowings, or perhaps at all.
we face intense competition.
we are engaged in intensely competitive businesses. we compete on the basis of a number of factors, including the quality of our financial advisors and associates, our products and services, pricing (such as execution pricing and fee levels), location and reputation in relevant markets. over time there has been substantial consolidation and convergence among companies in the financial services industry which has significantly increased the capital base and geographic reach of our competitors. see the section entitled "competition" of item 1 of this report for additional information about our competitors.
we compete directly with national full service broker-dealers, investment banking firms, and commercial banks, and to a lesser extent, with discount brokers and dealers and investment advisors. in addition, we face competition from more recent entrants into the market and increased use of alternative sales channels by other firms. we also compete indirectly for investment assets with insurance companies, real estate firms, hedge funds, and others. this competition could cause our business to suffer.
to remain competitive, our future success also depends in part on our ability to develop and enhance our products and services. in addition, the continued development of internet, networking or telecommunication technologies or other technological changes
20
index could require us to incur substantial expenditures to enhance or adapt our services or infrastructure. an inability to develop new products and services, or enhance existing offerings, could have a material adverse effect on our profitability.
our ability to attract and retain senior professionals, qualified financial advisors and other associates is critical to the continued success of our business.
our ability to develop and retain our client base depends on the reputation, judgment, business generation capabilities and skills of our senior professionals, particularly our managing directors, and the members of our executive committees, as well as employees and financial advisors. to compete effectively we must attract, retain and motivate qualified professionals, including successful financial advisors, investment bankers, trading professionals, portfolio managers and other revenue producing or specialized personnel. the reputations and relationships of our senior professionals with our clients are a critical element in obtaining and executing client engagement. competitive pressures we experience could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
turnover in the financial services industry is high. the cost of retaining skilled professionals in the financial services industry has escalated considerably. employers in the industry are increasingly offering guaranteed contracts, upfront payments, and increased compensation. these can be important factors in a current employee's decision to leave us as well as a prospective employee's decision to join us. as competition for skilled professionals in the industry remains intense, we may have to devote significant resources to attracting and retaining qualified personnel. to the extent we have compensation targets, we may not be able to retain our employees which could result in increased recruiting expense or result in our recruiting additional employees at compensation levels that are not within our target range. in particular, our financial results may be adversely affected by the costs we incur in connection with any upfront loans or other incentives we may offer to newly recruited financial advisors and other key personnel. if we were to lose the services of any of our investment bankers, senior equity research, sales and trading professionals, asset managers, or executive officers to a new or existing competitor or otherwise, we may not be able to retain valuable relationships and some of our clients could choose to use the services of a competitor instead of our services. if we are unable to retain our senior professionals or recruit additional professionals, our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition will be adversely affected. further, new business initiatives and efforts to expand existing businesses generally require that we incur compensation and benefits expense before generating additional revenues.
moreover, companies in our industry whose employees accept positions with competitors frequently claim that those competitors have engaged in unfair hiring practices. we have been subject to several such claims in the past and may be subject to additional claims in the future as we seek to hire qualified personnel, some of whom may currently be working for our competitors. some of these claims may result in material litigation. we could incur substantial costs in defending ourselves against these claims, regardless of their merits. such claims could also discourage potential employees who currently work for our competitors from joining us.
we are exposed to operational risk.
our diverse operations expose us to risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people and systems, external events, including technological or connectivity failures either at the exchanges in which we do business or between our data center, operations processing sites or our branches. our businesses depend on our ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a large number of complex transactions across numerous and diverse markets. the inability of our systems to accommodate an increasing volume of transactions could also constrain our ability to expand our businesses. our financial, accounting, data processing or other operating systems and facilities may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, adversely affecting our ability to process these transactions or provide these services. operational risk exists in every activity, function or unit of our business, and can take the form of internal or external fraud, employment and hiring practices, an error in meeting a professional obligation, or failure to meet corporate fiduciary standards. it is not always possible to deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in all cases. if our employees engage in misconduct, our businesses would be adversely affected. operational risk also exists in the event of business disruption, system failures or failed transaction processing. third parties with which we do business could also be a source of operational risk, including with respect to breakdowns or failures of the systems or misconduct by the employees of such parties. in addition as we change processes or introduce new products and services, we may not fully appreciate or identify new operational risks that may arise from such changes. increasing use of automated technology has the potential to amplify risks from manual or system processing errors, including outsourced operations.
our business contingency plan in place is intended to ensure we have the ability to recover our critical business functions and supporting assets, including staff and technology, in the event of a business interruption. despite the diligence we have applied to the development and testing of our plans, due to unforeseen factors, our ability to conduct business may in any case be adversely affected by a disruption involving physical site access, catastrophic events including weather related events, events involving
21
index electrical, environmental or communications malfunctions, as well as events impacting services provided by others that we rely upon which could impact our employees or third parties with whom we conduct business.
see item 7a, "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk," in this report for additional information regarding our exposure to and approaches to managing operational risk.
associate misconduct, which is difficult to detect and deter, could harm us by impairing our ability to attract and retain clients and subjecting us to significant legal liability and reputational harm.
there have been a number of highly-publicized cases involving fraud or other misconduct by associates in the financial services industry, and there is a risk that our associates could engage in misconduct that adversely affects our business. for example, our banking business often requires that we deal with confidential matters of great significance to our clients. if our associates were to improperly use or disclose confidential information provided by our clients, we could be subject to regulatory sanctions and suffer serious harm to our reputation, financial position, current client relationships and ability to attract future clients. we are also subject to a number of obligations and standards arising from our asset management business and our authority over the assets managed by our asset management business. in addition our financial advisors may act in a fiduciary capacity, providing financial planning, investment advice and discretionary asset management. the violation of these obligations and standards by any of our associates would adversely affect our clients and us. it is not always possible to deter associate misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in all cases. if our associates engage in misconduct, our business would be adversely affected.
our businesses depend on technology.
our businesses rely extensively on electronic data processing and communications systems. in addition to better serving clients, the effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables us to reduce costs. adapting or developing our technology systems to meet new regulatory requirements, client needs, and competitive demands is critical for our business. introduction of new technology presents challenges on a regular basis. there are significant technical and financial costs and risks in the development of new or enhanced applications, including the risk that we might be unable to effectively use new technologies or adapt our applications to emerging industry standards.
our continued success depends, in part, upon our ability to successfully maintain and upgrade the capability of our systems, our ability to address the needs of our clients by using technology to provide products and services that satisfy their demands, and our ability to retain skilled information technology employees. failure of our systems, which could result from events beyond our control, or an inability to effectively upgrade those systems or implement new technology-driven products or services, could result in financial losses, liability to clients, violations of applicable privacy and other laws, and regulatory sanctions.
client and customer, public, and regulatory expectations regarding operational and information security have increased. thus, our operational systems and infrastructure must continue to be safeguarded and monitored for potential failures, disruptions and breakdowns. our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks. although cyber security incidents among financial services firms are on the rise, to-date we have not experienced any material losses relating to cyber attacks or other information security breaches, however, there can be no assurance that we will not suffer such losses in the future. notwithstanding that we take protective measures and endeavor to modify them as circumstances warrant, our computer systems, software and networks may be vulnerable to human error, natural disasters, power loss, spam attacks, unauthorized access, distributed denial of service attacks, computer viruses and other malicious code and other events that could have a security impact. if one or more of these events occur, this could jeopardize our, or our clients' or counterparties', confidential and other information processed, stored in, and transmitted through our computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our, our clients', our counterparties' or third parties' operations. we may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify our protective measures, to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures or to make required notifications, and we may be subject to litigation and financial losses that are either not insured or are not fully covered through any insurance we maintain. a technological breakdown could also interfere with our ability to comply with financial reporting and other regulatory requirements, exposing us to potential disciplinary action by regulators.
extraordinary trading volumes beyond reasonably foreseeable spikes in volumes could cause our computer systems to operate at an unacceptably slow speed or even fail. while we have made investments to maintain the reliability and scalability of our systems and maintain hardware to address extraordinary volumes, there can be no assurance that our systems will be sufficient to handle truly extraordinary and unforeseen circumstances. systems failures and delays could occur and could cause, among other things, unanticipated disruptions in service to our clients or slower system response time resulting in transactions not being processed as quickly as our clients desire, resulting in client dissatisfaction.
22
index in providing services to clients, we may manage, utilize and store sensitive or confidential client or employee data, including personal data. as a result, we may be subject to numerous laws and regulations designed to protect this information, such as the u.s. federal and state laws governing the protection of personally identifiable information and international laws. these laws and regulations are increasing in complexity and number. if any person, including any of our associates, negligently disregards or intentionally breaches our established controls with respect to client or employee data, or otherwise mismanages or misappropriates that data, we could be subject to significant monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and/or criminal prosecution. in addition, unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential client or employee data, whether through systems failure, employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation, could damage our reputation and cause us to lose clients and their related revenue in the future. potential liability in the event of a security breach of client data could be significant and depending on the circumstances giving rise to the breach, this liability may not be subject to a contractual limit of liability or an exclusion of consequential or indirect damages.
see item 7a, "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk," in this report for additional information regarding our exposure to and approaches to managing these types of operational risk.
our operations could be adversely affected by serious weather conditions.
certain of our principal operations are located in st. petersburg, florida. while we have a business continuity plan that permits significant operations to be conducted from our southfield, michigan and memphis, tennessee locations and our information systems processing is conducted out of our new information technology data center in the denver, colorado area (see item 2, "properties" in this report for further discussion), our operations could be adversely affected by hurricanes or other serious weather conditions that could affect the processing of transactions, communications, and the ability of our associates to get to our offices, or work from home. refer to the "we are exposed to credit risk" risk factor in this item 1a for a discussion of how events, including weather events, could adversely impact rj bank's loan portfolio and the "we are exposed to operational risk" risk factor in this item 1a, for a discussion of how weather related events could impact our ability to conduct business.
we are exposed to litigation risks.
many aspects of our business involve substantial risks of liability, arising in the normal course of business. we have been named as a defendant or co-defendant in lawsuits and arbitrations involving primarily claims for damages. the risks associated with potential litigation often may be difficult to assess or quantify and the existence and magnitude of potential claims often remain unknown for substantial periods of time. unauthorized or illegal acts of our associates could result in substantial liability for us. advisors may not understand investor needs or risk tolerances. such failures may result in the recommendation or purchase of a portfolio of assets that may not be suitable for the investor. to the extent we fail to know our clients or improperly advise them, we could be found liable for losses suffered by such clients, which could harm our business. our private client group business segment has historically had more risk of litigation than our institutional businesses.
in highly volatile markets, the volume of claims and amount of damages sought in litigation and regulatory proceedings against financial institutions has historically increased. these risks include potential liability under securities or other laws for alleged materially false or misleading statements made in connection with securities offerings and other transactions, issues related to the suitability of our investment advice based on our clients' investment objectives, the inability to sell or redeem securities in a timely manner during adverse market conditions, contractual issues, employment claims and potential liability for other advice we provide to participants in strategic transactions. substantial legal liability could have a material adverse financial effect or cause us significant reputational harm, which in turn could seriously harm our business and our prospects.
in addition to the foregoing financial costs and risks associated with potential liability, the costs of defending individual litigation and claims continue to increase over time. the amount of outside attorneys' fees incurred in connection with the defense of litigation and claims could be substantial and might materially and adversely affect our results of operations.
as it pertains to morgan keegan, a number of the types of claims and matters described above arising prior to our acquisition are subject to indemnification from regions. refer to the separate risk factor in this section entitled, "regions may fail to honor its indemnification obligations associated with morgan keegan matters" for a discussion of the risks associated with these indemnifications.
see item 3, "legal proceedings" in this report for a discussion of our legal matters and item 7a, "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk," in this report for discussion regarding our approach to managing legal risk.
23
index the preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires the use of estimates that may vary from actual results and new accounting standards could adversely affect future reported results.
the preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. such estimates and assumptions may require management to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain. one of our most critical estimates is rj bank's allowance for loan losses. at any given point in time, conditions in the real estate and credit markets may influence the complexity and increase the uncertainty involved in estimating the losses inherent in rj bank's loan portfolio. if management's underlying assumptions and judgments prove to be inaccurate, one outcome could be that the allowance for loan losses could be insufficient to cover actual losses. our financial condition, including our liquidity and capital, and results of operations could be materially and adversely impacted. see item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-critical accounting estimates," in this report for additional information on the nature of these estimates.
our financial instruments, including certain trading assets and liabilities, available for sale securities including auction rate securities ("ars"), certain loans, intangible assets and private equity investments, among other items, require management to make a determination of their fair value in order to prepare our consolidated financial statements. where quoted market prices are not available, we may make fair value determinations based on internally developed models or other means which ultimately rely to some degree on our judgment. some of these instruments and other assets and liabilities may have no direct observable inputs, making their valuation particularly subjective, being based on significant estimation and judgment. in addition, sudden illiquidity in markets or declines in prices of certain securities may make it more difficult to value certain items, which may lead to the possibility that such valuations will be subject to further change or adjustment and could lead to declines in our earnings in subsequent periods.
our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. from time to time the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") and the sec change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements. in addition, accounting standard setters and those who interpret the accounting standards may change or even reverse their previous interpretations or positions on how these standards should be applied. these changes can be hard to predict and can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. in some cases, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in our restating prior period financial statements. for a further discussion of some of our significant accounting policies and standards, see the "critical accounting estimates" discussion within item 7 in this report, and note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, in this form 10-k.
in december, 2012 the fasb issued a proposed standard on accounting for credit losses. the standard would replace multiple existing impairment models, including replacing an "incurred loss" model for loans with an "expected loss" model. the fasb announced it will establish the effective date when it issues the final standard. we cannot predict whether or when a final standard will be issued, when it will be effective, what its final provisions will be, or the potential impact its eventual adoption may have on our retained earnings.
our risk management and conflicts of interest policies and procedures may leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk.
we seek to manage, monitor and control our operational, legal and regulatory risk through operational and compliance reporting systems, internal controls, management review processes and other mechanisms; however, there can be no assurance that our procedures will be fully effective. our banking and trading processes seek to balance our ability to profit from banking and trading positions with our exposure to potential losses. while we employ limits and other risk mitigation techniques, those techniques and the judgments that accompany their application cannot anticipate economic and financial outcomes or the specifics and timing of such outcomes.
further, our risk management methods may not effectively predict future risk exposures, which could be significantly greater than the historical measures indicate. in addition, some of our risk management methods are based on an evaluation of information regarding markets, clients and other matters that are based on assumptions that may no longer be accurate. a failure to adequately manage our growth, or to effectively manage our risk, could materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition. our risk management processes include addressing potential conflicts of interest that arise in our business. we have procedures and controls in place to address conflicts of interest. management of potential conflicts of interest has become increasingly complex as we expand our business activities through more numerous transactions, obligations and interests with and among our clients. the failure to adequately address or the perceived failure to adequately address, conflicts of interest could affect our reputation,
24
index the willingness of clients to transact business with us or give rise to litigation or regulatory actions. therefore, there can be no assurance that conflicts of interest will not arise in the future that could cause material harm to us.
for more information on how we monitor and manage market and certain other risks, see item 7a, "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk," in this report.
we are exposed to risk from international markets.
we do business in other parts of the world, including a few developing regions of the world commonly known as emerging markets and, as a result, are exposed to a number of risks, including economic, market, litigation and regulatory risks, in non-u.s. markets. our businesses and revenues derived from non-u.s. operations are subject to risk of loss from currency fluctuations, social or political instability, changes in governmental policies or policies of central banks, downgrades in the credit ratings of sovereign countries, expropriation, nationalization, confiscation of assets and unfavorable legislative and political developments. action or inaction in any of these operations, including failure to follow proper practices with respect to regulatory compliance and/or corporate governance, could harm our operations and/or our reputation. we also invest or trade in the securities of corporations located in non-u.s. jurisdictions. revenues from the trading of non-u.s. securities also may be subject to negative fluctuations as a result of the above factors. the impact of these fluctuations could be magnified because generally non-u.s. trading markets, particularly in emerging market countries, are smaller, less liquid and more volatile than u.s. trading markets. additionally, a political, economic or financial disruption in a country or region could adversely impact our business and increase volatility in financial markets generally.
we have risks related to our insurance programs.
our operations and financial results are subject to risks and uncertainties related to our use of a combination of insurance, self-insured retention and self-insurance for a number of risks, including most significantly: property and casualty, workers' compensation, errors and omissions liability, general liability and the portion of employee-related health care benefits plans we fund, among others.
while we endeavor to purchase insurance coverage that is appropriate to our assessment of risk, we are unable to predict with certainty the frequency, nature or magnitude of claims for direct or consequential damages. our business may be negatively affected if in the future our insurance proves to be inadequate or unavailable. in addition, insurance claims may divert management resources away from operating our business.
risks related to our regulatory environment financial services firms have been subject to increased scrutiny over the last several years, increasing the risk of financial liability and reputational harm resulting from adverse regulatory actions.
firms in the financial services industry have been operating in a difficult regulatory environment which we expect will become even more stringent in light of recent well-publicized failures of regulators to detect and prevent fraud. the industry has experienced increased scrutiny from a variety of regulators, including the sec, the nyse, finra, the occ, the cfpb, the fed, and state attorneys general. penalties and fines sought by regulatory authorities have increased substantially over the last several years. we may be adversely affected by changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and rules by these governmental authorities and self-regulatory organizations. each of the regulatory bodies with jurisdiction over us has regulatory powers dealing with many aspects of financial services, including, but not limited to, the authority to fine us and to grant, cancel, restrict or otherwise impose conditions on the right to carry on particular businesses. for example, a failure to comply with the obligations imposed by the exchange act on broker-dealers and the investment advisers act on investment advisers, including record-keeping, advertising and operating requirements, disclosure obligations and prohibitions on fraudulent activities, or by the investment company act of 1940, could result in investigations, sanctions and reputational damage. we also may be adversely affected as a result of new or revised legislation or regulations imposed by the sec, other u.s. or foreign governmental regulatory authorities or finra or other self-regulatory organizations that supervise the financial markets. substantial legal liability or significant regulatory action against us could have adverse financial effects on us or cause reputational harm to us, which could harm our business prospects.
changes in regulations resulting from either the dodd-frank act or any new regulations may affect our businesses.
the market and economic conditions over the past several years have led to legislation and numerous and continuing proposals for changes in the regulation of the financial services industry, including significant additional legislation and regulation in the
25
index u.s. and abroad. the dodd-frank act enacted sweeping changes in the supervision and regulation of the financial industry (see item 1, regulation, in this report for a discussion of such changes including the volcker rule). the ultimate impact that the dodd-frank act will have on us, the financial industry and the economy cannot be known until all of the implementing regulations called for under the legislation have been finalized and implemented. these legislative and regulatory changes could affect our revenue, limit our ability to pursue business opportunities, impact the value of assets that we hold, require us to change certain of our business practices, impose additional costs on us, or otherwise adversely affect our businesses.
the dodd-frank act impacts the manner in which we market our products and services, manage our business and operations and interact with regulators, all of which while not currently anticipated to, could materially impact our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. certain provisions of the dodd-frank act that have or may impact our business include, but are not limited to: the establishment of a fiduciary standard for broker-dealers, regulatory oversight of incentive compensation, the imposition of capital requirements on financial holding companies and to a lesser extent, greater oversight over derivatives trading and restrictions on proprietary trading. there is also increased regulatory scrutiny (and related compliance costs) as we continue to grow and surpass certain thresholds outlined in the dodd-frank act. these include but are not limited to rj bank's oversight by the cfpb. the cfpb has been active in investigating products, services and operations of credit providers, including banks, for compliance with various laws such as the truth in lending act, the equal credit opportunity act, the fair credit reporting act, and the real estate settlement procedures act. any actions taken by the cfpb could result in requirements to alter or cease offering affected products and services, make them less attractive, restrict our ability to offer them, or increase our regulatory and compliance costs. to the extent the dodd-frank act impacts the operations, financial condition, liquidity and capital requirements of unaffiliated financial institutions with whom we transact business, those institutions may seek to pass on increased costs, reduce their capacity to transact, or otherwise present inefficiencies in their interactions with us.
in december, 2013, the final version of the volcker rule was adopted (see item 1, regulation, in this report for discussion of the volcker rule). although we have not historically engaged in significant levels of trading for our own account, due to our underwriting and market making activities, the volcker rule will likely increase our operational and compliance costs, and may reduce our trading revenues, require a change in our principal capital private equity investments, and as a result adversely affect our results of operations.
the sec recently adopted amendments, most of which were effective october, 2013, to its financial responsibility rules, including changes to the net capital rule, the customer protection rule, the record-keeping rules, and the notification rules applicable to our broker-dealer subsidiaries. we are currently evaluating the impact of these amendments on our broker-dealer subsidiaries. such impact could have an adverse effect on certain of our broker-dealer subsidiaries.
the basel iii capital standards will impose additional capital and other requirements on us that could decrease our competitiveness and profitability.
in july 2013, the occ, the frb and the fdic released final u.s. basel iii regulatory capital rules implementing the global regulatory capital reforms of basel iii and certain changes required by the dodd-frank act. the rule increases the quantity and quality of regulatory capital, establishes a capital conservation buffer, and makes selected changes to the calculation of risk-weighted assets. the rule becomes effective for us january 1, 2015, subject to a transition period for several aspects of the rule, including the new minimum capital ratio requirements, the capital conservation buffer, and the regulatory capital adjustments and deductions. we are currently evaluating the impact of these rules on both rj bank and rjf. the increased capital requirements could restrict our ability to grow during favorable market conditions or require us to raise additional capital. as a result, our business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects could be adversely affected.
failure to comply with regulatory capital requirements primarily applicable to rjf, rj bank or our broker-dealer subsidiaries would significantly harm our business.
rjf and rj bank are subject to various regulatory and capital requirements administered by various federal regulators. under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, rjf and rj bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of rjf and rj bank's assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. rjf's and rj bank's capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components of our capital, risk-weightings of assets, off-balance sheet transactions, and other factors. quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require rjf and rj bank to maintain minimum amounts and ratios of total and tier i capital to risk-weighted assets and tier i capital to adjusted assets (as defined in the regulations). failure to meet minimum capital requirements can trigger certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary, actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could harm either rjf or rj bank's operations and our financial condition.
26
index as more fully discussed in item 1, regulation, in this report, rjf is required to perform annual stress tests using certain scenarios provided by the fed. while we believe that both the quality and magnitude of our capital base is sufficient to support our current operations given our risk profile, the results of the stress testing process may affect our approach to managing and deploying capital.
additionally, as rjf is a holding company, it depends on dividends, distributions and other payments from its subsidiaries to fund payments of its obligations including, among others, debt service. we are subject to the sec's uniform net capital rule (rule 15c3-1) and the net capital rule of finra, which may limit our ability to make withdrawals of capital from our broker-dealer subsidiaries. the uniform net capital rule sets the minimum level of net capital a broker-dealer must maintain and also requires that a portion of its assets be relatively liquid. finra may prohibit a member firm from expanding its business or paying cash dividends if resulting net capital falls below its requirements. in addition, our canada based broker-dealer subsidiary is subject to similar limitations under applicable regulation in that jurisdiction. regulatory capital requirements applicable to some of our significant subsidiaries may impede access to funds the holding company needs to make payments on any such obligations.
see note 26 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for further information on regulations and capital requirements.
we operate in a highly regulated industry in which future developments could adversely affect our business and financial condition.
the securities industry is subject to extensive regulation, and broker-dealers and investment advisors are subject to regulations covering all aspects of the securities business including, but not limited to, sales and trading methods, trade practices among broker-dealers, use and safekeeping of clients' funds and securities, capital structure of securities firms, anti-money laundering efforts, record keeping and the conduct of directors, officers and employees. if laws or regulations are violated, we could be subject to one or more of the following: civil liability, criminal liability, sanctions which could include the revocation of our subsidiaries' registrations as investment advisors or broker-dealers, the revocation of the licenses of our financial advisors, censures, fines or a temporary suspension or permanent bar from conducting business. any of those events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and prospects.
the majority of our affiliated financial advisors are independent contractors. legislative or regulatory action that redefines the criteria for determining whether a person is an employee or an independent contractor could materially impact our relationships with our advisors and our business, resulting in an adverse effect on our results of operations.
we are subject to financial holding company regulatory reporting requirements including the maintenance of certain risk-based regulatory capital levels that could impact various capital allocation decisions of one or more of our businesses. however, due to our strong current capital position, we do not anticipate that these capital level requirements will have any negative impact on our future business activities. see the section entitled "business - regulation" of item 1 in this report for additional information.
as a financial holding company, we are regulated by the fed. rj bank is regulated by the occ, the fed, the cfpb, and the fdic. this oversight includes, but is not limited to, scrutiny with respect to affiliate transactions and compliance with consumer regulations. the economic and political environment over the past several years has caused increased focus on the regulation of the financial services industry, including many proposals for new rules. any new rules issued by our regulators could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. we also may be adversely affected as a result of changes in federal, state, or foreign tax laws, or by changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and regulations.
the sec has proposed certain measures that would establish a new framework to replace the requirements of rule 12b-1 under the investment company act of 1940, with respect to how mutual funds pay fees to cover the costs of selling and marketing their shares.  the staff of the office of compliance, inspections and examinations has indicated that it is reviewing use of fund assets to pay for fees to sub-transfer agents and sub-administrators for services that may be deemed to be distribution-related. any adoption of such measures would be phased in over a number of years.  as these measures are neither final nor undergoing implementation throughout the financial services industry, the impact of changes such as those currently proposed cannot be predicted at this time.  as this regulatory trend continues, it could adversely affect our operations and, in turn, our financial results.
asset management businesses have experienced a number of highly publicized regulatory inquiries which have resulted in increased scrutiny within the industry and new rules and regulations for mutual funds, investment advisors and broker-dealers. some of our wholly owned subsidiaries are registered as an investment advisor with the sec and the regulatory scrutiny and rulemaking initiatives may result in an increase in operational and compliance costs or the assessment of significant fines or penalties against our asset management business, and may otherwise limit our ability to engage in certain activities. it is impossible
27
index to determine the extent of the impact of any new laws, regulations or initiatives that may be proposed, or whether any of the proposals will become law. compliance with any new laws or regulations could make compliance more difficult and expensive and affect the manner in which we conduct business. pursuant to the dodd-frank act, the sec was charged with considering whether broker-dealers should be subject to a standard of care similar to the fiduciary standard applicable to registered investment advisors. it is not clear whether the sec will determine that a heightened standard of conduct should be applicable to broker-dealers; however, any such standard, if mandated, would likely require us to review our product and service offerings and result in changes to these, and require that we incur additional regulatory costs in order to ensure compliance.
in addition, in recent years, the u.s. and other governments have taken actions, and may continue to take further actions, including expanding current or enacting new standards, requirements and rules that may be applicable to us and our subsidiaries and in particular our investment management business. for example, several states and municipalities in the united states have recently adopted "pay-to-play" rules, which could limit our ability to charge advisory fees, and could therefore affect the profitability of that portion of our business. in addition, the use of "soft dollars," where a portion of commissions paid to broker-dealers in connection with the execution of trades also pays for research and other services provided to advisors, is periodically reexamined and may in the future be limited or modified. although a substantial portion of the research relied on by our investment management business in the investment decision making process is generated internally by our investment analysts, external research, including external research paid for with soft dollars, is important to the process. this external research generally is used for information gathering or verification purposes, and includes broker-provided research, as well as third party provided databases and research services. if the use of soft dollars is limited, we may have to bear some of these costs. furthermore, new regulations regarding the management of hedge funds and the use of certain investment products may impact our investment management business and result in increased costs. for example, many regulators around the world adopted disclosure and reporting requirements relating to the hedge fund businesses or other businesses, and changes to the laws, rules and regulations in the u.s. related to the over-the-counter swaps and derivatives markets require additional registration, recordkeeping and reporting obligations.
see the section entitled "business - regulation" within item 1 in this report for additional information regarding our regulatory environment and item 7a, "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk," in this report regarding our approaches to managing regulatory risk. regulatory actions brought against us may result in judgments, settlements, fines, penalties or other results adverse to us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
rj bank is subject to the cra and fair lending laws, and failure to comply with these laws could lead to penalties.
the cra, the equal credit opportunity act, the fair housing act, and other fair lending laws and regulations impose nondiscriminatory lending requirements on financial institutions. the u.s. department of justice and other federal agencies, including the cfpb, are responsible for enforcing these laws and regulations. a successful challenge to an institution's performance under the cra or fair lending laws and regulations could result in a wide variety of sanctions, including the required payment of damages and civil money penalties, injunctive relief, imposition of restrictions on mergers and acquisitions activity, and restrictions on expansion activity. private parties may also have the ability to challenge an institution's performance under fair lending laws in private class action litigation.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following management's discussion and analysis ("md&a") is intended to help the reader understand the results of our operations and financial condition. the md&a is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. where "nm" is used in various percentage change computations, the computed percentage change has been determined not to be meaningful.
executive overview we operate as a financial services and bank holding company. results in the businesses in which we operate are highly correlated to the general overall strength of economic conditions and, more specifically, to the direction of the u.s. equity and fixed income markets, the corporate and mortgage lending markets and commercial and residential credit trends.  overall market conditions, interest rates, economic, political and regulatory trends, and industry competition are among the factors which could affect us and which are unpredictable and beyond our control.  these factors affect the financial decisions made by market participants which include investors, borrowers, and competitors, impacting their level of participation in the financial markets. these factors also impact the level of public offerings, trading profits, interest rate volatility and asset valuations, or a combination thereof.  in turn, these decisions and factors affect our business results.
year ended september 30, 2014 compared with the year ended september 30, 2013
for the fifth consecutive year, we achieved record net revenues of $4.9 billion, a $376 million or 8%, increase compared to the prior year. the increase generated by our on-going operations is even greater than that amount after factoring in the $74 million of revenue reflected in the prior year that was associated with a private equity investment we sold last year. all four operating segments achieved record levels of net revenues, the fifth straight year for our private client group and capital markets segments. total client assets under administration increased to $475 billion at september 30, 2014, a 12% increase over the prior year level.
we also achieved a record level of net income, to $480 million, an increase of $113 million, or 31%, compared to the prior year. three of our four operating segments achieved record levels of profitability. fully diluted earnings per share of $3.32, increased $0.74, or 29%, over the prior year amount. after excluding the acquisition related and other one-time expenses we incurred in the prior year, our adjusted net income increased $61 million, or 15%, compared to the prior year period (a non-gaap measure).(1) the increase in net income over the prior year level is even more significant given that the prior year net income included $14 million (after the attribution to noncontrolling interests) arising from our indirect investment in albion medical holdings, inc. ("albion"), a private equity holding which was sold during the prior year.
non-interest expenses increased $254 million, or 7%, compared to the prior year. the increase is primarily due to the increase in compensation, commissions and benefits expenses which were partially offset by the decrease in acquisition related expenses. acquisition and integration related expenses in fiscal year 2014 are no longer material for separate reporting since our integration of morgan keegan was substantially complete as of september 30, 2013. the combination of increasing net revenues and overall expense control in fiscal year 2014 helped us achieve a 15.4% pre-tax margin on net revenues.
a summary of the most significant items impacting our financial results as compared to the prior year are as follows:
   our private client group segment generated record net revenues of $3.3 billion, a 12% increase, while pre-tax income increased $100 million, or 43%, to a record $330 million. the increase in revenues is primarily attributable to increased securities commissions and fee revenues, predominately arising from fee-based accounts, as well as an increase in mutual fund and annuity service fee revenues. commission expenses increased in proportion to the increase in corresponding commission revenues while all other components of non-interest expense increased by only 1%. client assets under administration of the private client group increased 12% over the prior year level, to $450.6 billion at september 30, 2014. net inflows of client assets have been positively impacted by successful recruiting of financial advisors, among other favorable factors.
(1)   refer to the discussion and reconciliation of the gaap results to the non-gaap results in the "reconciliation of the gaap results to the non-gaap measures" section of this md&amp;a.
33
index
   the capital markets segment generated record net revenues of $966 million, a 3% increase, while pre-tax income increased $28 million, or 28%, to a record $131 million. increases in trading profits, merger and acquisition fee revenues, equity underwriting fee revenues and institutional sales commissions on equity products more than offset a decline in institutional sales commissions on fixed income products. the decline in institutional fixed income commission revenues results from challenging fixed income market conditions during the fiscal year due to economic uncertainty, historically low interest rates, relatively low volatility of benchmark interest rates, and decreased customer trading volumes.
   our asset management segment generated record net revenues of $370 million, a 26% increase, while pre-tax income increased $32 million, or 33%, to a record $128 million. financial assets under management increased 15% from the prior year, to $64.6 billion as of september 30, 2014. both strong net inflows of client assets and market appreciation contributed to the increase. we also earned nearly $10 million in performance fees in the current year (compared to nearly $2 million in the prior year) as a result of positive net performance from certain of our managed funds (a portion of which are attributable to noncontrolling interests), which contributed to the increase in revenues and pre-tax income.
   rj bank generated record net revenues of $352 million, a 1% increase, while pre-tax income decreased $25 million, or 9%, to $243 million. net interest income increased due to growth in average loans outstanding, offset in large part by a lower net interest margin. the provision for loan losses increased primarily as the result of significant loan portfolio growth, partially offset by decreases resulting from improved credit characteristics of the loan portfolio reflecting the positive impact from improved economic conditions. non-interest expenses (excluding the provision for loan losses) increased $19 million.
   activities in our other segment resulted in a pre-tax loss that is $48 million less than the prior year. our non-interest expenses decreased substantially as we are no longer incurring acquisition and integration related costs since our integration of morgan keegan was substantially complete as of september 30, 2013. in addition, the prior year included significant revenues and pre-tax income associated with our indirect investment in albion, which was sold in april 2013, thus having a significant impact on comparisons to the prior year.
   our fiscal year 2014 effective tax rate is 35.8%, up from the 34.9% in fiscal year 2013. our fiscal year 2013 effective tax rate included a nonrecurring tax benefit resulting from a change in management's repatriation strategy of certain foreign earnings. both years included significant non-taxable gains in the value of our company-owned life insurance portfolio.
the regulatory environment in which we operate our businesses continues to produce changes that result from new rules and additional regulations that could impact our businesses in the future. that being the case, our current view of the potential impact to us of future regulations remains substantially unchanged by the regulatory activities that occurred during the year. based on our continuing review of the dodd-frank act, and because of the nature of our businesses and our business practices, we presently do not expect the legislation to have a significant direct impact on our operations as a whole. however, because some of the implementing regulations either have yet to be adopted, have yet to become effective, or are under further analysis by various regulatory agencies, the specific impact on some of our businesses remains uncertain.
34
index year ended september 30, 2013 compared with the year ended september 30, 2012
we achieved record net revenues of $4.5 billion in fiscal year 2013, a $679 million, or 18%, increase compared to the prior year. all four operating segments achieved record net revenues and pre-tax earnings. revenues were higher in fiscal year 2013 in part because the results include twelve months of morgan keegan operations as compared to six months in fiscal year 2012. in addition, fiscal year 2013 net revenues include a $65 million gain on a proprietary capital investment (a $22.7 million impact to rjf net revenues after noncontrolling interests), which further elevated our revenues.
our pre-tax income increased $93 million in fiscal year 2013, or 20%, compared to the prior year, to $564 million.  excluding the acquisition related expenses primarily resulting from the morgan keegan acquisition, in fiscal year 2013 we generated adjusted pre-tax income of $644 million (a non-gaap measure)(1), a 21% increase over the prior year. earnings per share in fiscal year 2013 increased 17% over the prior year, to $2.58 per share. excluding the acquisition related expenses mentioned above, fiscal year 2013 adjusted earnings per share (a non-gaap measure)(1) increased 18%, to $2.95 per share.
all of our operating segments performed well during fiscal year 2013, as each achieved record levels of pre-tax income. total client assets under administration were a record $425.4 billion at september 30, 2013, a 10% increase over the prior year level. non-interest expenses in fiscal year 2013 increased $553 million, or 17%, primarily as a result of the inclusion of a full year of expenses from legacy morgan keegan businesses. increases in compensation related expenses, information technology expenses, and acquisition related expenses were partially offset by a decrease in the bank loan loss provision.
significant milestones achieved in fiscal year 2013 include the mid-february 2013 transfer of all of the morgan keegan financial advisors and client accounts from the morgan keegan platform to the rj&a platform. following that conversion and allowing time for the former morgan keegan financial advisors to become proficient in the use of the rj&a platform, in the june 2013 quarter we implemented staff reductions. these reductions occurred mainly within our information technology groups where there was significant overlap in historic morgan keegan and rj&a support staffing that we had elected to maintain through the platform conversion date in order to ensure the continued high levels of service to financial advisors and clients while we operated on two different platforms. retention levels remain very high for the legacy morgan keegan financial advisors. the morgan keegan capital markets businesses were also integrated (primarily fixed income and public finance investment banking) during fiscal year 2013, and further staff reductions were made. given these accomplishments, as of september 30, 2013 our various morgan keegan integration initiatives have been substantially and successfully completed.
a summary of the most significant items impacting our financial results in fiscal year 2013 compared to the prior year, in addition to the impact of twelve months of morgan keegan operations in fiscal year 2013 compared to six months in the prior year, are as follows:
   our private client group segment generated net revenues of $2.9 billion in fiscal year 2013, an 18% increase, while pre-tax income increased 7% to $230 million. the increase in revenues is primarily attributable to increased securities commissions and fee revenues, predominately arising from fee-based accounts. pre-tax income in fiscal year 2013 was negatively impacted by an increase in commission expenses (driven primarily by the increase in corresponding commission revenues) as well as an increase in communication and information processing expense. client assets under administration of the private client group increased 9% over the prior year, to $402.6 billion at september 30, 2013.
   the capital markets segment generated net revenues of $938 million in fiscal year 2013, a 15% increase, while pre-tax income increased 35% to $102 million. we experienced significant increases in institutional fixed income commission revenues, merger and acquisition fees, and fixed income investment banking revenues. equity capital markets commission levels increased as a result of improved equity market conditions. results from our equity capital markets investment banking business were uneven throughout fiscal year 2013, characterized by intermittent periods of significant activity, and ending the year with strong results. our fixed income operations improved overall, but were negatively impacted during times of adverse fixed income market conditions. these adverse conditions resulted from medium and longer term interest rate volatility, which negatively impacted our trading results.
   our asset management segment generated revenues of $293 million in fiscal year 2013, a 23% increase, while pre-tax income increased 43% to $96 million. assets under management in managed programs increased 31% to a record $56 billion as of september 30, 2013. strong net inflows of client assets in managed programs, including from legacy mk &amp; co. branches, market appreciation, and our acquisition of an interest in clarivest, contributed to the increase.
(1)   refer to the discussion and reconciliation of the gaap results to the non-gaap results in the "reconciliation of the gaap results to the non-gaap measures" section of this md&amp;a.
35
index
   rj bank generated $268 million in pre-tax income in fiscal year 2013, an 11% increase over the prior year. the increase resulted primarily from the significant decrease in the loan loss provision expense and an increase in net interest income. the decrease in the loan loss provision expense resulted from an improved credit environment, the favorable resolution of certain problem loans, and a significant reduction in residential mortgage delinquent loans. the increase in net interest income was primarily the result of an increase in average loans outstanding.
   in our non-operating other segment, our fiscal year 2013 results reflect a $6 million increase in our pre-tax loss. this segment includes certain corporate expenses, our principal capital and our private equity activities. our results were favorably impacted by the sale of our indirect investment in albion in april, 2013. the albion investment generated an increase of $18 million in pre-tax income (net of noncontrolling interests). we also experienced other less significant increases on other investments in our private equity portfolio. those increases were more than offset by additional acquisition and integration related costs incurred from the morgan keegan acquisition, and a full year's interest expense associated with debt financings executed in march 2012 to finance a portion of the acquisition.
   our earnings benefited from a favorable effective tax rate in fiscal year 2013. our effective tax rate in fiscal year 2013 decreased to 34.9% from 37.3% in fiscal year 2012. the tax rate decrease primarily resulted from a nonrecurring tax benefit resulting from a change in management's repatriation strategy of certain foreign earnings as well as a significant increase in nontaxable income associated with the change in market value of company-owned life insurance.
36
index segments the following table presents our consolidated and segment gross revenues, net revenues and pre-tax income (loss), the latter excluding noncontrolling interests, for the years indicated:
year ended september 30,
2014                                                                    2013                           % change   2012                           % change
(in thousands)
total company revenues                                               $4,965,460              $4,595,798              8      %          $3,897,900             18      %
net revenues                                            4,861,369               4,485,427              8      %           3,806,531             18      %
pre-tax income excluding noncontrolling interests         748,045                 564,187             33      %             471,525             20      %
private client group revenues                                                3,276,566               2,930,603             12      %           2,484,670             18      %
net revenues                                            3,266,946               2,918,978             12      %           2,473,631             18      %
pre-tax income                                            330,278                 230,315             43      %             215,091              7      %
capital markets revenues                                                  981,572                 955,955              3      %             828,435             15      %
net revenues                                              966,152                 937,886              3      %             812,146             15      %
pre-tax income                                            130,565                 102,171             28      %              75,755             35      %
asset management revenues                                                  369,690                 292,817             26      %             237,224             23      %
net revenues                                              369,666                 292,809             26      %             237,137             23      %
pre-tax income                                            128,286                  96,300             33      %              67,241             43      %
rj bank revenues                                                  360,317                 356,130              1      %             345,693              3      %
net revenues                                              351,770                 346,906              1      %             336,034              3      %
pre-tax income                                            242,834                 267,714             (9     )%             240,158             11      %
other revenues                                                   42,203                 126,401            (67     )%              58,412            116      %
net revenues                                              (35,253   )              45,923           (177     )%              (3,937   )         nm pre-tax loss                                              (83,918   )            (132,313   )         37      %            (126,720   )         (4     )%
intersegment eliminations revenues                                                  (64,888   )             (66,108   )                               (56,534   )
net revenues                                              (57,912   )             (57,075   )                               (48,480   )
reconciliation of the gaap results to the non-gaap measures we believe that the non-gaap measures provide useful information by excluding material items that may not be indicative of our core operating results and that the gaap and the non-gaap measures should be considered together. there are no non-gaap adjustments in the year ended september 30, 2014, as we no longer separately report acquisition and integration related costs since our integration of morgan keegan was substantially complete as of september 30, 2013. the non-gaap adjustments for the prior year periods presented are comprised of the one-time acquisition and integration costs incurred (primarily associated with the morgan keegan acquisition) and other non-recurring expenses, net of applicable taxes. refer to the footnotes to the following table for further explanation of each non-recurring item.
37
index the following table provides a reconciliation of the gaap basis to the non-gaap measures:
year ended september 30,
2013                                                                                                                                                   2012
($ in thousands, except per share amounts)
net income attributable to rjf, inc. - gaap basis                                                     $367,154                            $295,869
non-gaap adjustments:
acquisition related expenses (1)                                                                        73,454                              59,284
rjf's share of rjes goodwill impairment expense (2)                                                      4,564                                   -
rjes restructuring expense (3)                                                                           1,902                                   -
interest expense (4)                                                                                         -                               1,738
pre-tax non-gaap adjustments                                                                            79,920                              61,022
tax effect of non-gaap adjustments (5)                                                                 (27,908        )                    (22,731        )
adjusted net income attributable to rjf, inc. - non-gaap basis                                        $419,166                            $334,160
non-gaap adjustments to common shares outstanding:
effect of the february 2012 share issuance on weighted average common shares outstanding (6)                 -                              (1,396        )
non-gaap earnings per common share:
non-gaap basic                                                                                           $3.01                               $2.53
non-gaap diluted                                                                                         $2.95                               $2.51
average equity - gaap basis (7)                                                                     $3,465,323                          $3,037,789
average equity - non-gaap basis (8)                                                                 $3,483,531                          $3,027,259
return on equity                                                                                          10.6        %                        9.7        %
return on equity - non-gaap basis (9)                                                                     12.0        %                       11.0        %
(1)   the non-gaap adjustment adds back to pre-tax income one-time acquisition and integration expenses associated with acquisitions that were incurred during each respective fiscal year.
(2)   the non-gaap adjustment adds back to pre-tax income rjf's share of the total goodwill impairment expense associated with our rjes reporting unit.
(3)   the non-gaap adjustment adds back to pre-tax income restructuring expenses associated with our rjes operations.
(4)   the non-gaap adjustment adds back to pre-tax income the incremental interest expense incurred during the march 31, 2012 quarter on debt financings that occurred in march 2012, prior to and in anticipation of, the closing of the morgan keegan acquisition.
(5)   the non-gaap adjustment reduces net income for the income tax effect of all the pre-tax non-gaap adjustments, utilizing the effective tax rate applicable to the respective year.
(6)   the non-gaap adjustment to the weighted average common shares outstanding in the basic and diluted non-gaap earnings per share computation reduces the actual shares outstanding for the effect of the 11,075,000 common shares issued by rjf in february 2012 as a component of our financing of the morgan keegan acquisition.
(7)   computed by adding the total equity attributable to rjf, inc. as of each quarter-end date during the indicated fiscal year, plus the beginning of the year total, divided by five.
(8)   the calculation of non-gaap average equity includes the impact on equity of the non-gaap adjustments described in the table above, as applicable for each respective year.
(9)   computed by utilizing the adjusted net income attributable to rjf, inc.-non-gaap basis and the average equity-non-gaap basis, for each respective year. see footnotes (7) and (8) above for the calculation of average equity-non-gaap basis.
38
index net interest analysis we have certain assets and liabilities, not only held in our rj bank segment but also held in our pcg, capital markets and other segments, which are subject to changes in interest rates; these changes in interest rates have an impact on our overall financial performance. given the relationship of our interest sensitive assets to liabilities held in each of these segments, an increase in short-term interest rates would result in an overall increase in our net earnings (we currently have more assets than liabilities with a yield that would be affected by a change in short-term interest rates).  a gradual increase in short-term interest rates would have the most significant favorable impact on our pcg and rj bank segments (refer to the table in item 7a - interest rate risk in this report, which presents an analysis of rj bank's estimated net interest income over a 12 month period based on instantaneous shifts in interest rates using the asset/liability model applied by rj bank).
based upon our latest analysis performed as of september 30, 2014, we estimate that a 100 basis point instantaneous rise in short-term interest rates would result in an increase in our pre-tax income of approximately $150 million over a twelve month period. approximately half of such an increase would be reflected in account and service fee revenues (resulting from an increase in the fees generated in lieu of interest income from our multi-bank sweep program with unaffiliated banks and the discontinuance of money market fee waivers) which are reported in the pcg segment, and the remaining portion of the increase would be reflected in net interest income reported primarily in our pcg and rj bank segments. this estimate is based on static balances as of september 30, 2014 and a conservative assumption related to interest credited to our clients on their cash balances in such an interest rate environment. the actual amount of any increase we would realize in the future will ultimately be based on a number of factors including, but not limited to, the actual change in balances, the rapidity and magnitude of the increase in interest rates, the competitive landscape at such time, and the returns on comparable investments which will factor into the interest rates we pay on client cash balances. the vast majority of any incremental benefit to pre-tax income from a rise in short-term interest rates would be expected to arise from the first 100 basis point increase, as we presume that a significant portion of any further incremental increase in short-term interest rates would be passed along to clients, and thus such additional interest revenues and interest sensitive fees would be offset by increases of similar amounts in our interest expense.
39
index the following table presents our consolidated average interest-earning asset and liability balances, interest income and expense balances, and the average yield/cost, for the years indicated:
year ended september 30,
2014                                                                                                                                                        2013                                                                             2012
averagebalance(1)          interestinc./exp.          averageyield/cost          averagebalance(1)          interestinc./exp.          averageyield/cost          averagebalance(1)          interestinc./exp.          averageyield/cost
($ in thousands)
interest-earning assets:
margin balances                                                                $1,764,305                      $68,454                    3.88   %                $1,775,251                    $60,931                    3.43   %                $1,695,197                    $60,104                    3.55          %
assets segregated pursuant to regulations and other segregated assets           2,783,598                       15,441                    0.55   %                 3,554,917                     17,251                    0.49   %                 3,236,290                     16,050                    0.50          %
bank loans, net of unearned income (2)                                         10,048,719                      343,942                    3.39   %                 8,605,013                    335,964                    3.90   %                 7,501,832                    319,211                    4.26          %
available for sale securities                                                     648,515                        6,560                    1.01   %                   739,976                      8,005                    1.08   %                   659,053                      9,076                    1.38          %
trading instruments(3)                                                            630,295                       17,883                    2.84   %                   742,991                     20,089                    2.70   %                   764,365                     20,977                    2.74          %
stock loan                                                                        423,466                        8,731                    2.06   %                   349,285                      8,271                    2.37   %                   577,879                      9,110                    1.58          %
loans to financial advisors (3)                                                   413,600                        6,427                    1.55   %                   421,645                      6,510                    1.54   %                   342,858                      4,797                    1.40          %
corporate cash and all other (3)                                                2,113,313                       13,448                    0.64   %                 3,076,912                     16,578                    0.54   %                 2,415,466                     13,933                    0.58          %
total                                                                         $18,825,811                     $480,886                    2.55   %               $19,265,990                   $473,599                    2.46   %               $17,192,940                   $453,258                    2.64          %
interest-bearing liabilities:
brokerage client liabilities                                                   $3,967,811                        1,269                    0.03   %                $4,866,091                     $2,049                    0.04   %                $4,258,197                     $2,213                    0.05          %
bank deposits (2)                                                              10,119,433                        7,959                    0.09   %                 9,133,260                      9,032                    0.10   %                 8,032,768                      9,484                    0.12          %
trading instruments sold but not yet purchased (3)                                243,737                        4,327                    1.78   %                   241,334                      3,595                    1.49   %                   173,458                      2,437                    1.40          %
stock borrow                                                                      114,404                        2,869                    2.51   %                   125,507                      2,158                    1.72   %                   163,262                      1,976                    1.21          %
borrowed funds                                                                    259,568                        3,939                    1.52   %                   361,317                      4,724                    1.31   %                   314,975                      5,915                    1.88          %
senior notes                                                                    1,148,947                       76,038                    6.62   %                 1,148,759                     76,113                    6.63   %                   877,066                     58,523                    6.67          %
loans payable of consolidated variable interest entities (3)                       51,518                        2,900                    5.63   %                    70,325                      3,959                    5.63   %                    88,762                      5,032                    5.67          %
other (3)                                                                         319,328                        4,790                    1.50   %                   336,226                      8,741                    2.60   %                   282,359                      5,789                    2.05          %
total                                                                         $16,224,746                     $104,091                    0.64   %               $16,282,819                   $110,371                    0.68   %               $14,190,847                    $91,369                    0.64          %
net interest income                                                                                           $376,795                                                                         $363,228                                                                         $361,889
(1)   represents average daily balance, unless otherwise noted.
(2)   see results of operations - rj bank in this md&amp;a for further information.
(3)   average balance is calculated based on the average of the end of month balances for each month within the period.
40
index year ended september 30, 2014 compared with the year ended september 30, 2013 - net interest analysis net interest income increased $14 million, or 4%, compared to the prior year. net interest income is earned primarily by our pcg and rj bank segments, which are discussed separately below.
net interest income in the pcg segment increased $4 million, or 5%, primarily resulting from the increase in margin interest rates we implemented as of october 1, 2013, offset by a slight decrease in average client margin balances outstanding.
the rj bank segment's net interest income increased $8 million, or 2%, primarily as a result of an increase in loans outstanding offset by a decrease in net interest margin.  refer to the discussion of the specific components of rj bank's net interest income in the rj bank section of this md&a.
interest income earned on the available for sale securities portfolio decreased $1 million, or 18%, from the prior year due to lower investment balances primarily resulting from sales and redemptions within the portfolio, and a slight decrease in yields (see note 7 of our notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information on our available for sale securities).
interest income earned on our trading instruments decreased $2 million, or 11%, compared to the prior year due to lower average trading security inventory levels (see note 6 of our notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information on our trading instruments).
year ended september 30, 2013 compared with the year ended september 30, 2012 - net interest analysis net interest income was relatively unchanged in fiscal year 2013 as compared to the prior year level. net interest income is earned primarily by our pcg and rj bank segments, which are discussed separately below.
net interest income in the pcg segment was also relatively unchanged in fiscal year 2013 as compared to the prior year. in the historically low rate interest environment that existed during fiscal year 2013, we earned a historically low interest spread on client cash balances, thus we experienced only a nominal favorable impact on our net interest revenues despite increases in client balances outstanding.
rj bank's net interest income in fiscal year 2013 increased $17 million, or 5%, primarily as a result of an increase in average loans outstanding, partially offset by a decrease in net interest margin.  refer to the discussion of the specific components of rj bank's net interest income in the rj bank section of this md&a.
interest income earned on our available for sale securities portfolio in fiscal year 2013 decreased from the prior year due to significantly lower yields on the portfolio which more than offset the increase resulting from higher investment balances. the average balance of the portfolio increased primarily as a result of the ars we acquired halfway through the prior year as a part of the morgan keegan acquisition. given the significantly lower yields from these securities, the weighted-average yield on the total available for sale securities portfolio declined.
interest expense on our senior notes in fiscal year 2013 increased approximately $18 million over the prior year.  the increase primarily results from our march 2012 issuances of $350 million 6.9% senior notes and $250 million 5.625% senior notes. both of the march 2012 debt offerings were part of our acquisition financing activities and other transactions associated with the morgan keegan acquisition.
41
index results of operations - private client group the following table presents consolidated financial information for our pcg segment for the years indicated:
year ended september 30,
2014                                                                            % change                  2013          % change                  2012
($ in thousands)
revenues:
securities commissions and fees:
equities                                                  $297,535              3   %             $289,395             10      %          $263,578
fixed income products                                       78,082            (21   )%              98,994             18      %            83,698
mutual funds                                               678,577              9   %              621,459             21      %           514,146
fee-based accounts                                       1,261,267             24   %            1,016,340             26      %           808,361
insurance and annuity products                             354,629              5   %              338,666             12      %           303,628
new issue sales credits                                     88,341             (3   )%              90,747             10      %            82,811
sub-total securities commissions and fees                2,758,431             12   %            2,455,601             19      %         2,056,222
interest                                                    99,147              2   %               96,926              1      %            95,866
account and service fees:
client account and service fees                            162,057              -                  162,283              9      %           148,873
mutual fund and annuity service fees                       212,342             26   %              168,055             23      %           136,514
client transaction fees                                     17,124              1   %               16,932            (21     )%            21,547
correspondent clearing fees                                  3,022             (1   )%               3,059              9      %             2,812
account and service fees - all other                           293              4   %                  282             29      %               219
sub-total account and service fees                         394,838             13   %              350,611             13      %           309,965
other                                                       24,150            (12   )%              27,465             21      %            22,617
total revenues                                           3,276,566             12   %            2,930,603             18      %         2,484,670
interest expense                                            (9,620   )        (17   )%             (11,625   )          5      %           (11,039   )
net revenues                                             3,266,946             12   %            2,918,978             18      %         2,473,631
non-interest expenses:
sales commissions                                        2,002,831             13   %            1,765,933             18      %         1,491,286
admin &amp; incentive compensation and benefit costs       490,453              2   %              481,253             14      %           420,553
communications and information processing                  153,076             (6   )%             163,125             43      %           113,931
occupancy and equipment                                    118,503              4   %              113,573             19      %            95,551
business development                                        80,950             23   %               65,679              -                   65,505
clearance and other                                         90,855             (8   )%              99,100             38      %            71,714
total non-interest expenses                              2,936,668              9   %            2,688,663             19      %         2,258,540
pre-tax income                                            $330,278             43   %             $230,315              7      %          $215,091
margin on net revenues                                        10.1   %                                 7.9   %                                 8.7   %
revenues of the pcg segment are correlated with total pcg client assets under administration, which include assets in fee-based accounts, and the overall u.s. equities markets. pcg client asset balances are as follows as of the dates indicated:
as of september 30,
2014                                                        % change      2013                    % change      2012
($ in billions)
total pcg assets under administration      $450.6       12         %             $402.6       9          %             $367.7
pcg assets in fee-based accounts           $167.7       20         %             $139.9       21         %             $115.7
total pcg assets under administration increased 12% over september 30, 2013 primarily as a result of favorable equity markets and an increase net client inflows during fiscal year 2014. total pcg assets in fee-based accounts increased 20% compared
42
index to september 30, 2013. increased client assets under administration typically result in higher fee-based account revenues and mutual fund and annuity service fees. improved equity markets not only result in increased assets under administration, but also generally lead to more client activity and therefore improved financial advisor productivity. higher client cash balances generally lead to increased interest income and account fee revenues, depending upon the interest rates realized in our client interest program and rjbdp.
the following table presents a summary of pcg financial advisors and the total number of pcg branch locations as of the periods indicated:
employees            independent contractors          september 30, 2014 total          september 30, 2013 total rj&amp;a                   2,462                        -                            2,462                             2,443
rjfs                       -                        3,329                            3,329                             3,275
rj ltd.                    172                        219                              391                               406
rjis                       -                           83                               83                                73
total financial advisors   2,634                    3,631                            6,265                             6,197
total branch locations                                                               2,569                             2,518
year ended september 30, 2014 compared with the year ended september 30, 2013 - private client group net revenues increased $348 million, or 12%, to a record $3.3 billion while pre-tax income increased $100 million, or 43%, to a record $330 million. pcg's pre-tax margin on net revenues increased to 10.1% as compared to 7.9% in fiscal year 2013.
securities commissions and fees increased $303 million, or 12%.  the increase results predominately from growth in client assets under administration. the year over year increase in client assets was driven by the equity market conditions in the u.s., which were generally improved as compared to the prior year, and increased financial advisor productivity. the most significant increases in these revenues arose from revenues earned on fee-based accounts, which increased $245 million, or 24%, and commission revenues on mutual fund products which increased $57 million, or 9% (primarily due to increases in trailing commissions on mutual fund products), partially offset by a $21 million, or 21%, decrease in commissions on fixed income products. commission earnings on fixed income products decreased primarily due to historically low interest rates and a general lack of volatility of benchmark interest rates. securities commissions and fee revenues generated by our canadian operations increased 5% over the prior year.
total account and service fee revenues increased $44 million, or 13%, over the prior year. mutual fund and annuity service fees increased $44 million, or 26%, primarily as a result of an increase in mutual fund omnibus fees and education and marketing support ("ems") fees (which include no-transaction-fee ("ntf") program revenues), all of which are paid to us by the mutual fund companies whose products we distribute.  we continue to implement changes in the data sharing arrangements with many mutual fund companies, converting from a networking to an omnibus arrangement.  the fees earned from omnibus arrangements are greater than those under networking arrangements in order to compensate us for the additional reporting requirements performed by the broker-dealer under omnibus arrangements.  during fiscal year 2014, we implemented technology changes in our ems program and standardized tiered service levels provided to many mutual fund companies, resulting in increased fees earned from ems arrangements. in addition, effective with our mid-february 2013 platform integration, the former morgan keegan client mutual fund investments became eligible for our omnibus and ems programs resulting in an increase in this fee revenue.
pcg net interest increased $4 million, or 5%, primarily resulting from an increase in margin interest rates despite a slight decrease in average margin balances. growth in margin loans in fiscal year 2014 has been negatively impacted by the popularity of our securities based lending product offered by rj bank. as a result of the extremely low rate interest environment that existed during fiscal year 2014 and the related low net interest spreads earned, there was only a nominal impact on our net interest revenues resulting from changes in client cash balances. refer to the discussion of how the pre-tax income of this segment could be favorably impacted by a 100 basis point instantaneous rise in short-term interest rates, in the net interest section of this md&a.
total segment revenues increased 12%. the portion of total segment revenues that we consider to be recurring is approximately 72% at september 30, 2014, as contrasted to 68% at september 30, 2013.  recurring commission and fee revenues include asset-based fees, trailing commissions from mutual funds and variable annuities/insurance products, mutual fund service fees, fees earned on funds in our multi-bank sweep program, and interest.
43
index non-interest expenses increased $248 million, or 9%, over the prior year.  sales commission expense increased $237 million, or 13%, consistent with the 12% increase in commission and fee revenues.  business development expenses increased $15 million, or 23%, due to increases in advertising, recruiting, incoming account transfer fee expenses, and conference costs.
year ended september 30, 2013 compared with the year ended september 30, 2012 - private client group net revenues in fiscal year 2013 increased $445 million, or 18%, over the prior year, while pre-tax income increased $15 million, or 7%. pcg's pre-tax margin on net revenues decreased to 7.9% as compared to 8.7% in fiscal year 2012.
a full year of mk & co. private client group operations are included in the fiscal year 2013 results as compared to six months in fiscal year 2012. therefore, comparisons of our legacy private client group operations to our fiscal year 2013 operations are not meaningful. as of mid-february 2013, all of the mk & co. financial advisors and client accounts from the mk & co. platform were transferred to, and integrated with, the rj&a platform.
securities commissions and fees in fiscal year 2013 increased $399 million, or 19%.  a significant portion of this increase resulted from our acquisition of morgan keegan on april 2, 2012, which brought over 900 financial advisors into pcg, 863 of whom were retained through the february 2013 integration of the morgan keegan operations into those of rj&a. securities commissions and fee revenues generated by our canadian operations increased 6% over the prior year. despite a small decrease in the total number of pcg financial advisors at september 30, 2013 compared to september 30, 2012, the average productivity per financial advisor for the same comparable period has increased 9%. client assets under administration of $402.6 billion in the pcg segment increased $34.9 billion, or 9%, as compared to september 30, 2012, primarily resulting from equity market appreciation in the u.s.
client account and service fee revenues in fiscal year 2013 increased $13 million, or 9%, over the prior year. the increase primarily results from an increase in the fees we receive, in lieu of interest earnings, from our multi-bank sweep program. balances in this program increased primarily as a result of the transfer of mk & co. client accounts to the raymond james program. additional mk & co. client accounts also resulted in an increase in service fee income, which increased as a result of the additional client account volume. in addition, we realized an increase in fees resulting from assets invested in alternative investment funds.
mutual fund and annuity service fees in fiscal year 2013 increased $32 million, or 23%, primarily as a result of an increase in mutual fund omnibus fees, ems fees, and ntf program revenues, all of which are paid to us by the mutual fund companies whose products we distribute.  in addition to an increase in the mutual fund assets on which these fees are generally paid, during fiscal year 2013 we implemented changes in the data sharing arrangements with many mutual fund companies, converting from a networking to an omnibus arrangement.  the fees earned from omnibus arrangements are greater than those under networking arrangements in order to compensate us for the additional reporting requirements performed by the broker-dealer under omnibus arrangements.  the offsetting increased costs we have incurred to third parties to provide the additional information is included in communications and information processing expenses discussed below. effective with our mid-february 2013 platform integration, the former morgan keegan client mutual fund investments became eligible for our omnibus and ems programs, further increasing this revenue.
partially offsetting the increases in revenues described in the preceding two paragraphs, client transaction fees in fiscal year 2013 decreased $5 million, or 21%, primarily as a result of certain mutual fund relationships converting during fiscal year 2013 to a ntf program and an april 2012 reduction in transaction fees associated with certain non-discretionary asset-based programs.  under the mutual fund ntf program, we receive increased fees from mutual fund companies which are included within mutual fund and annuity service fee revenue described above, but our clients no longer pay us transaction fees on mutual fund trades within certain of our managed programs.
other revenues in fiscal year 2013 increased by $5 million, or 21%, primarily as a result of spreads earned on cross-currency transactions within our canadian operations.
total segment revenues in fiscal year 2013 increased 18%. the portion of total segment revenues that we consider to be recurring is approximately 68% at september 30, 2013, as contrasted to the september 30, 2012 level of 64%. recurring commission and fee revenues include asset-based fees, trailing commissions from mutual funds and variable annuities/insurance products, mutual fund service fees, fees earned on funds in our multi-bank sweep program, and interest. assets in fee-based accounts as of september 30, 2013 were $139.9 billion (a majority of which is included in our asset management programs) an increase of 21% as compared to the $115.7 billion of assets in fee-based accounts at september 30, 2012.
the amount of net interest in the pcg segment in fiscal year 2013 was nearly unchanged from the prior year level. increases in client margin balances and client cash balances outstanding over the year were nearly completely offset by further decreases
44
index in interest rates. as a result of the extremely low rate interest environment that existed during fiscal year 2013, there was only a nominal impact on our net interest revenues resulting from the client cash balance increase as the interest spread earned on client balances were at historically low levels.
non-interest expenses in fiscal year 2013 increased $430 million, or 19%, over the prior year.  sales commission expense increased $275 million, or 18%, consistent with the 19% increase in commission and fee revenues.  administrative and incentive compensation expenses increased $61 million, or 14%. this increase resulted primarily from the impact of a full year of salaries and benefits expense associated with the increased support staff and information technology and operations headcount arising from the addition of the morgan keegan associates.
communications and information processing expense in fiscal year 2013 increased $49 million, or 43%. computer software development costs and other information technology related costs, which include consulting expenses, increased over $42 million as compared to the prior year as a result of various information technology enhancements to existing platforms, costs associated with operating two platforms for a portion of the year, additional reporting requirements including regulatory requirements, and expenses associated with omnibus arrangements (refer to the increase in mutual fund and annuity service fee revenue arising from these arrangements discussed above).
occupancy and equipment expense in fiscal year 2013 increased $18 million, or 19%, primarily due to a full year's rent and other facility related expenses associated with the increase of approximately 140 branch office locations resulting from the morgan keegan acquisition.
clearance and other expenses in fiscal year 2013 increased $27 million, or 38%. these expense increases can generally be attributed to clearing and floor brokerage expenses resulting from the additional volume of client accounts and transactions arising from the morgan keegan acquisition, growth in our legacy operations, and the application of differing clearing charge allocation methodologies between segments than within the historic mk & co. operations, which impacts prior year comparisons.
45
index results of operations - capital markets the following table presents consolidated financial information for our capital markets segment for the years indicated:
year ended september 30,
2014                                                                                                              % change   2013                         % change   2012
($ in thousands)
revenues:
institutional sales commissions:
equity                                                                                      $260,934              6      %          $246,588              7      %          $230,080
fixed income                                                                                 246,131            (25     )%           326,792             22      %           266,884
sub-total institutional sales commissions                                                    507,065            (12     )%           573,380             15      %           496,964
equity underwriting fees                                                                     100,091             14      %            87,466             14      %            76,446
merger and acquisitions fees                                                                 151,000             19      %           126,864             61      %            78,761
fixed income investment banking revenues                                                      55,275             15      %            48,133             30      %            36,987
tax credit funds syndication fees                                                             34,473             40      %            24,656            (22     )%            31,693
investment advisory fees                                                                      22,966             20      %            19,202             52      %            12,644
net trading profit                                                                            59,701            112      %            28,117            (44     )%            50,426
interest                                                                                      20,746             (6     )%            22,145             (3     )%            22,930
other                                                                                         30,255             16      %            25,992             20      %            21,584
total revenues                                                                               981,572              3      %           955,955             15      %           828,435
interest expense                                                                             (15,420   )        (15     )%           (18,069   )         11      %           (16,289   )
net revenues                                                                                 966,152              3      %           937,886             15      %           812,146
non-interest expenses:
sales commissions                                                                            192,774            (13     )%           222,424             22      %           181,809
admin &amp; incentive compensation and benefit costs                                         453,190              6      %           428,215             10      %           388,755
communications and information processing                                                     67,835              3      %            65,728             13      %            58,305
occupancy and equipment                                                                       34,859             (4     )%            36,435             14      %            31,865
business development                                                                          40,409              3      %            39,308              3      %            38,019
losses and non-interest expenses of real estate partnerships held by consolidated vies        41,072             57      %            26,083             27      %            20,579
impairment of goodwill associated with rjes                                                        -           (100     )%             6,933            100      %                 -
clearance and all other                                                                       50,060             12      %            44,774             (9     )%            49,435
total non-interest expenses                                                                  880,199              1      %           869,900             13      %           768,767
income before taxes and including noncontrolling interests                                    85,953             26      %            67,986             57      %            43,379
noncontrolling interests                                                                     (44,612   )                             (34,185   )                             (32,376   )
pre-tax income excluding noncontrolling interests                                           $130,565             28      %          $102,171             35      %           $75,755
year ended september 30, 2014 compared with the year ended september 30, 2013 - capital markets net revenues increased $28 million, or 3%, while pre-tax income increased $28 million, or 28%.
institutional equity sales commissions increased $14 million, or 6%, resulting from both favorable equity markets throughout the year, and an active new issue market environment at certain times during fiscal year 2014. the active new issue market resulted in a 14% increase in equity underwriting fee revenues to $100 million. underwriting fee revenues increased in both our domestic as well as our canadian equity capital markets operations. the sectors in which we generated the most significant amounts of underwriting fee revenues in fiscal year 2014 were real estate, financial services and energy.
institutional fixed income sales commissions decreased $81 million, or 25%, primarily due to the challenging fixed income market conditions throughout fiscal year 2014 resulting from economic uncertainty, the continuation of historically low interest rates, periods of relatively low volatility of benchmark interest rates, and the resulting decreased customer trading volumes. despite such conditions, trading results were solid and steady during the year, resulting in a $32 million, or 112%, improvement over the
46
index prior year, which included a quarter (the third quarter of fiscal year 2013) which was particularly negative. these trading profits are generated primarily from fixed income securities. these favorable trading results in fiscal year 2014 were achieved even as we continued to maintain relatively lower average balances of trading securities in response to the market uncertainty (refer to the table of average interest earning asset and liability balances in the net interest section of this md&a for information on our average levels of trading instruments held during each respective year).
merger and acquisitions and advisory fee revenues increased $24 million, or 19%, compared to the prior year. the current year includes increases in revenues in both our domestic and canadian operations. the sectors in which we generated the most significant amounts of such fee revenues in fiscal year 2014 were technology services, healthcare, energy, financial services, technology, and general industrials.
tax credit fund syndication fee revenues increased by $10 million, or 40%, due to a 16% increase in the volume of tax credit fund partnership interests sold during the current year and current year recognition of certain revenues that were associated with partnership interests sold in prior years which had been deferred in those years. current year recognition of these previously deferred revenues result from the favorable resolution of certain conditions associated with the partnership interests which, once favorably resolved, result in the recognition of previously deferred revenues.
non-interest expenses increased $10 million, or 1%, compared to the prior year. administrative and incentive compensation and benefit expense increased $25 million, or 6%, compared to the prior year offset by a decrease in sales commission expense of $30 million, or 13%, which is directly correlated with the 12% decrease in overall institutional sales commission revenues. incentive compensation expense increases are primarily the result of higher volumes of underwriting, mergers & acquisitions and advisory fees, investment banking and tax credit fund syndication fee revenues, as well as to a lesser extent, annual salary increases applicable to all of our operations. the prior year included goodwill impairment expense of $7 million related to our rjes operations which did not recur in the current year.
losses of real estate partnerships held by consolidated vies result directly from the consolidation of certain low-income housing tax credit funds, and reflect an increase of $15 million, or 57%, over the prior year. since we only hold an insignificant interest in these consolidated funds, nearly all of these losses are attributable to others and are therefore included in the offsetting noncontrolling interests. refer to note 11 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for further information on the consolidation of vies.
noncontrolling interests includes the impact of consolidating certain low-income housing tax credit funds, which impacts other revenue, interest expense, and the losses of real estate partnerships held by consolidated vies (as described in the preceding paragraph), and rjes for the first six months of the prior year period (thereafter, we acquired the interests previously held by others), and reflects the portion of these consolidated entities which we do not own.  total segment expenses attributable to others increased by $10 million compared to the prior year. the increase in expenses associated with noncontrolling interests resulting from losses of real estate partnerships held by consolidated vies discussed above, are offset by the impact of the prior year consolidation of rjes. as a result of our april 2013 acquisition of the rjes interest previously held by others, there is no comparable noncontrolling interest impact from the consolidation of rjes in the current year.
year ended september 30, 2013 compared with the year ended september 30, 2012 - capital markets pre-tax income in fiscal year 2013 in the capital markets segment increased $26 million, or 35%, over the prior year.
certain of the capital markets businesses of morgan keegan were immediately integrated into rj&a's operations on the date of acquisition. other morgan keegan capital markets businesses were integrated into rj&a over time and were completed by mid-february 2013. a full year of morgan keegan equity capital markets and fixed income operations are included in fiscal year 2013 results, as compared to only six months in fiscal year 2012, impacting comparisons of our legacy capital markets results, especially fixed income operations, to fiscal year 2013 results.
our fixed income revenues in fiscal year 2013 were significantly higher as compared to the prior year primarily due to the inclusion of a full year's morgan keegan results. the combination of our former fixed income operations with morgan keegan's fixed income operations results in a combined department that is approximately three times the size of our legacy fixed income business.
net revenues in fiscal year 2013 increased by $126 million, or 15%. total institutional sales commissions increased 15% over the prior year. equity institutional sales commissions increased $17 million, or 7%, primarily due to improved equity market conditions. the $60 million, or 22%, increase in fixed income institutional sales commissions over the prior year is primarily due to the increased size of our fixed income operations after the morgan keegan acquisition and the inclusion of twelve months of
47
index the combined entities operations in the current year as compared to only six months in the prior year. our significantly larger public finance fixed income operations as a result of the morgan keegan acquisition favorably impacted both our investment banking revenues and our securities commissions and fees.
the number of lead and co-managed equity underwritings, as well as merger & acquisition transactions, during fiscal year 2013 increased significantly in our u.s. operations as compared to the prior year.  in the latter part of the first quarter of our fiscal 2013, concerns related to the then pending fiscal cliff crisis had, at least in part, a favorable impact on our equity capital markets business as underwriting and merger and acquisition activity improved significantly as issuers sought to complete certain equity transactions in advance of any anticipated tax law changes. the activity levels experienced in the first quarter of fiscal year 2013 slowed considerably thereafter until a very active fourth quarter. for fiscal year 2013, the sectors in which we generated the most significant amounts of merger and acquisition fees were technology services, energy, technology, financial services, healthcare, and general industrials. capital markets activities in our canadian operations have remained sluggish throughout fiscal year 2013, continuing to reflect the adverse market conditions which existed throughout the prior fiscal year, particularly in the businesses in which we focus such as natural resources.
the primary contributor to our fixed income investment banking revenues in fiscal year 2013 is our public finance investment banking operations. the volume of our lead and co-managed public finance underwritings increased significantly over the prior year. this favorable comparison is in part due to the positive impact of the inclusion of the public finance operations we acquired from morgan keegan in our results for an entire year.
the decrease in tax credit syndication fee revenues in fiscal year 2013 results from an increase in the amount of fee revenues that have been deferred, to be recognized at later dates upon completion of certain revenue recognition criteria. the volume of tax credit fund partnership interests sold during fiscal year 2013 is slightly higher than in the prior year.
despite our increase in fixed income trading capacity resulting from the morgan keegan acquisition, our trading profit results for fiscal year 2013, while positive overall, were unfavorably impacted by adverse conditions in the municipal fixed income market. this market was impacted during fiscal year 2013 by a number of factors. municipal fixed income markets were negatively impacted during the first quarter by discussions and rumors regarding potential changes in the tax laws pertaining to limits, or caps, on the tax-exempt advantages of municipal fixed income instruments (the "fiscal cliff"). in response to these uncertainties, interest rates on municipal securities increased during december 2012, which negatively impacted our trading results. during the third quarter, the 10-year benchmark interest rate increased over 60 basis points in a very short period of time (may through june 30, 2013), resulting in very little demand for municipal fixed income securities in the market and valuation losses on municipal securities held in inventory, which negatively impacted our third quarter trading results. during the fourth quarter interest rates retreated somewhat back to their early may 2013 levels, and our trading results were strong, especially in municipal products, during that period. all of these factors, considered in conjunction with what were strong municipal fixed income trading results in the prior year, resulted in unfavorable trading profits in year-over-year comparisons.
non-interest expenses in fiscal year 2013 increased $101 million, or 13%, over the prior year primarily driven by the inclusion of twelve months of the morgan keegan fixed income operations.  sales commission expense increased $41 million, or 22%, which is correlated with the increase in overall institutional sales commission revenues of 15%, and includes the impact of the shift to a higher proportion of commissions being fixed income sales which are paid higher commissions including certain retention-related expenses implemented as part of the morgan keegan acquisition. administrative and incentive compensation and benefit expense increased $39 million, or 10%, primarily driven by the significant increase in personnel from the morgan keegan acquisition. communications and information processing expense increased $7 million, or 13%, as a result of new technology initiatives and a full year of morgan keegan expenses. goodwill impairment expense associated with rjes of $7 million (see discussion below) and a $6 million increase in losses of real estate partnerships held by consolidated variable interest entities (discussed below) contributed to the increase in other expense. these increases are partially offset by a decrease in clearance and other expense of $5 million, or 9%. the decrease results primarily from the application of differing clearing charge allocation methodologies between the capital markets and the pcg segments within rj&a as compared to the historic mk & co. operations which favorably impact prior year comparisons (refer to the pcg results of operations herein for a discussion of an offsetting unfavorable prior year comparison within that segment).
during the second quarter of fiscal year 2013, we incurred impairment expense associated with the rjes operations of $6.9 million. however, since we did not own 100% of rjes as of march 31, 2013, $2.3 million of this expense is attributable to others and is included in the offsetting noncontrolling interests amount attributable to others. therefore the net impact of this goodwill impairment on the pre-tax results after consideration of amounts attributable to noncontrolling interests is $4.6 million. refer to the goodwill section of this item 7 and note 13 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for further information on this goodwill impairment expense.
48
index losses of real estate partnerships held by consolidated vies result directly from the consolidation of certain low-income housing tax credit funds. since we only hold an insignificant interest in these consolidated funds, nearly all of these losses are attributable to others and are therefore included in the offsetting noncontrolling interests. refer to note 11 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for further information on the consolidation of vies.
noncontrolling interests include the consolidation of rjes (for periods prior to april 2013, the period in which we acquired the interests previously held by others) as well as the impact of consolidating certain low-income housing tax credit funds, which impacts other revenue, interest expense, and losses of real estate partnerships held by consolidated vies (as described in the previous paragraph) by including the portion of these consolidated entities which we do not own.  total segment expenses attributable to noncontrolling interests in fiscal year 2013 increased by $2 million as compared to the prior year in part as a result of the portions of the rjes goodwill impairment expense attributable to others as well as the increase in losses of real estate partnerships held by vies.
results of operations - asset management the following table presents consolidated financial information for our asset management segment for the years indicated:
year ended september 30,
2014                                                                                  % change   2013                         % change   2012
($ in thousands)
revenues:
investment advisory fees                                        $318,244             29      %          $247,162             25      %          $198,369
other                                                             51,446             13      %            45,655             18      %            38,855
total revenues                                                   369,690             26      %           292,817             23      %           237,224
expenses:
admin &amp; incentive compensation and benefit costs             102,674             12      %            91,994             13      %            81,418
communications and information processing                         21,861             15      %            19,056             16      %            16,378
occupancy and equipment                                            4,587              5      %             4,364             23      %             3,536
business development                                               9,208             11      %             8,288              5      %             7,885
investment sub-advisory fees                                      46,674             41      %            33,183             25      %            26,563
other                                                             49,495             33      %            37,342             12      %            33,353
total expenses                                                   234,499             21      %           194,227             15      %           169,133
income before taxes and including noncontrolling interests       135,191             37      %            98,590             45      %            68,091
noncontrolling interests                                           6,905                                   2,290                         850
pre-tax income excluding noncontrolling interests               $128,286             33      %           $96,300             43      %           $67,241
managed programs as of september 30, 2014, approximately 81% of investment advisory fees recorded in this segment are earned from assets held in managed programs.  of these revenues, approximately 60% of our investment advisory fees recorded each quarter are determined based on balances at the beginning of a quarter, approximately 25% are based on balances at the end of the quarter and the remaining 15% are computed based on average assets throughout the quarter.
on december 24, 2012, eagle acquired a 45% interest in clarivest, an acquisition that bolstered our platform in the large-cap investment objective. see note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information regarding the clarivest acquisition.
49
index the following table reflects fee-billable financial assets under management in managed programs at the dates indicated:
september 30,
2014                                                            2013                2012
(in millions)
assets under management:
eagle asset management, inc. (1)                  $28,752             $27,886             $19,986
raymond james consulting services                  13,085              11,385               9,443
unified managed accounts ("uma")                    7,587               4,962               2,855
freedom accounts &amp; other managed programs      19,944              16,555              11,884
sub-total assets under management                  69,368              60,788              44,168
less: assets managed for affiliated entities       (4,811   )          (4,799   )          (4,185   )
sub-total net assets under management              64,557              55,989              39,983
mk &amp; co. managed fee-based assets (2)               -                   -               2,801
total financial assets under management           $64,557             $55,989             $42,784
(1)   september 30, 2014 and 2013 amounts include the assets under management of clarivest, which eagle acquired on december 24, 2012.
(2)   revenues generated from the closing date of the morgan keegan acquisition through mid-february 2013 (the platform conversion date to rj&amp;a) arising from assets in what were during such time mk &amp; co. managed fee-based programs, were included in the pcg segment. these assets were managed by unaffiliated portfolio managers.
the following table summarizes the activity impacting the total financial assets under management in managed programs (excluding activity in assets managed for affiliated entities and mk & co. managed fee-based assets for the periods prior to the conversion of mk & co. accounts to the rj&a platform) for the periods indicated:
year ended september 30,
2014                                                                                                           2013                  2012
(in millions)
assets under management at beginning of year                                                    $60,788               $44,168               $35,648
net inflows of client assets                                                                      4,688                 4,873                 2,999
net market appreciation in asset values                                                           3,892                 6,233                 5,521
inflow resulting from the clarivest acquisition (1)                                                   -                 3,113                     -
inflows resulting from the conversion of mk &amp; co. accounts to the rj&amp;a platform (2)           -                 2,401                     -
assets under management at end of year                                                          $69,368               $60,788               $44,168
(1)   eagle acquired a 45% interest in clarivest on december 24, 2012.
(2)   in mid-february 2013, the client accounts of mk &amp; co. were converted onto the rj&amp;a platform.
non-discretionary asset-based programs as of september 30, 2014, approximately 19% of investment advisory fees revenue recorded in this segment are earned for administrative services on assets held in non-discretionary asset-based programs. such assets totaled $81.3 billion and $64.7 billion as of september 30, 2014 and 2013, respectively. including the mk & co. assets held in non-discretionary asset-based programs prior to the fiscal year 2013 conversion of mk & co. accounts to the rj&a platform, assets held in these programs as of september 30, 2012 totaled $55.1 billion. all investment advisory fees associated with these programs are determined based on balances at the beginning of the quarter.
50
index the following table summarizes the activity impacting the fee-billable financial assets in non-discretionary asset-based programs (excluding activity in mk & co. non-discretionary asset-based programs for the periods prior to the conversion of mk & co. accounts to the rj&a platform) for the periods indicated:
year ended september 30,
2014                                                                                                           2013                              2012(1)
(in millions)
assets in non-discretionary asset-based programs at beginning of year                           $64,681               $48,368               $37,601
net inflows of client assets                                                                     10,442                 6,421                 6,264
net market appreciation in asset values                                                           6,178                 3,265                 4,503
inflows resulting from the conversion of mk &amp; co. accounts to the rj&amp;a platform (2)           -                 6,627                     -
assets in non-discretionary asset-based programs at end of year                                 $81,301               $64,681               $48,368
(1)   excludes the activity of mk &amp; co. non-discretionary asset-based programs. such programs held $6.8 billion of assets as of september 30, 2012.
(2)   in mid-february 2013, the client accounts of mk &amp; co. were converted onto the rj&amp;a platform.
year ended september 30, 2014 compared with the year ended september 30, 2013 - asset management pre-tax income in the asset management segment increased $32 million, or 33%, over the prior year.
investment advisory fee revenue increased by $71 million, or 29%, primarily generated by an increase in assets under management and increased performance fees from certain managed funds. performance fees, which are earned by managed funds for exceeding certain performance targets, increased $8 million over the amount earned in the prior year. assets in both managed and non-discretionary asset-based programs have increased substantially since the prior year. refer to the tables above for information regarding the increases in the balances of assets held in our programs.
other revenue increased by $6 million, or 13%, primarily resulting from an increase in fee income generated by our rj trust subsidiary reflecting a 16% increase in rj trust client assets compared to the prior year, to $3.38 billion as of september 30, 2014.
expenses increased by approximately $40 million, or 21%, primarily resulting from a $13 million, or 41%, increase in investment sub-advisory fees, a $12 million, or 33%, increase in other expenses. and an $11 million, or 12%, increase in administrative and performance based incentive compensation. the increase in investment sub-advisory fee expense is directly related to the increase in assets in programs managed by external managers. such assets are included within the uma and raymond james consulting services program asset under management balances. the increase in other expense is primarily due to increases in the costs incurred so that certain funds sponsored by eagle are available as investment choices on the platforms of other broker-dealers and increases in expenses of rj trust resulting from the increase in client assets. the increase in administrative and performance based incentive compensation is a result of: the combination of increases in performance compensation which is directly related to the increase in investment advisory fee revenues and the performance fees earned during the year; increases in salary and related expenses resulting from the addition of clarivest on december 24, 2012; and annual salary increases and certain additions to staff associated with our operations.
noncontrolling interests includes the impact of the consolidation of certain subsidiary investment advisors and other subsidiaries (including clarivest). total segment net income attributable to others increased by $5 million as compared to the prior year since certain of the current year performance fees were earned by certain of these subsidiaries, and therefore a portion is attributable to others.
year ended september 30, 2013 compared to the year ended september 30, 2012 - asset management pre-tax income in the asset management segment in fiscal year 2013 increased $29 million, or 43%, over the prior year. investment advisory fee revenue increased by $49 million, or 25%, generated by an increase in assets under management.
assets under management in managed programs at september 30, 2013 increased $13.2 billion, or 31%, over the prior year. the increase results from a combination of net inflows, inflows resulting from our acquisition of an interest in clarivest, inflows resulting from the conversion of mk & co. accounts to the rj&a platform, and market appreciation in asset values.
51
index assets in non-discretionary asset-based programs at september 30, 2013 increased $9.6 billion, or 17%, over the prior year. the increase results from a combination of net inflows, inflows resulting from the conversion of mk & co. accounts to the rj&a platform, and market appreciation in asset values.
other revenue in fiscal year 2013 increased by $7 million, or 18%, primarily resulting from an increase in fee income generated by rj trust reflecting a 19% increase in rj trust client assets as compared to the prior year, to $2.92 billion as of september 30, 2013.
expenses in fiscal year 2013 increased by approximately $25 million, or 15%, resulting from a $11 million, or 13%, increase in administrative and incentive compensation and benefits costs, a $7 million, or 25%, increase in investment sub-advisory fees, a $4 million, or 12%, increase in other expenses and a $3 million, or 16%, increase in communications and information processing expense.  the increase in administrative and incentive compensation expense is a result of the combination of increases in salary expenses resulting from the addition of clarivest, annual increases and additions to staff associated with our legacy operations, as well as an increase in performance compensation which is directly related to the increase in investment advisory fee revenues. the increase in investment sub-advisory fee expense is directly related to the increase in advisory fees paid to the external managers associated with certain assets included within the uma and raymond james consulting services programs. the increase in other expense is primarily due to increases in the costs incurred so that certain funds sponsored by eagle are available as investment choices on the platforms of other broker-dealers and increases in the expenses of rj trust resulting from the increase in client assets. the increase in communication and information processing expense is primarily a result of the addition of clarivest operations and costs associated with the implementation of a new back-office system supporting this segment.
results of operations - rj bank the following table presents consolidated financial information for rj bank for the years indicated:
year ended september 30,
2014                                                                 % change   2013                         % change   2012
($ in thousands)
revenues:
interest income                                $355,304              2   %             $348,068              5      %          $331,683
interest expense                                 (8,547   )         (7   )%              (9,224   )         (5     )%            (9,659   )
net interest income                             346,757              2   %              338,844              5      %           322,024
other income                                      5,013            (38   )%               8,062            (42     )%            14,010
net revenues                                    351,770              1   %              346,906              3      %           336,034
non-interest expenses:
compensation and benefits                        25,430             16   %               21,835             18      %            18,432
communications and information processing         4,234             39   %                3,043              7      %             2,835
occupancy and equipment                           1,274              9   %                1,168             28      %   912
loan loss provision                              13,565            429   %                2,565            (90     )%            25,894
fdic insurance premiums                          10,026             75   %                5,716              5      %             5,435
affiliate deposit account servicing fees         33,758             14   %               29,650             10      %            26,852
other                                            20,649             36   %               15,215             (2     )%            15,516
total non-interest expenses                     108,936             38   %               79,192            (17     )%            95,876
pre-tax income                                 $242,834             (9   )%            $267,714             11      %          $240,158
52
index the tables below present certain credit quality trends for corporate loans and residential/consumer loans:
year ended september 30,
2014                                                    2013                    2012
(in thousands)
net loan (charge-offs)/recoveries:
c&amp;i loans                          $(1,829     )         $(696         )         $(10,486      )
commercial real estate ("cre") loans   64                    (7,919        )         (926          )
residential mortgage loans             (17         )         (4,472        )         (12,727       )
sbl                                    35                    (222          )         (75           )
total                                  $(1,747     )         $(13,309      )         $(24,214      )
as of september 30,
2014                                                                                                  2013                    2012
(in thousands)
allowance for loan losses:
loans held for investment:
c&amp;i loans                                                         $103,179                 $95,994                 $92,409
cre construction loans                                                   1,594                   1,000                     739
cre loans                                                               25,022                  19,266                  27,546
tax-exempt loans                                                         1,380                       -                       -
residential mortgage loans                                              14,350                  19,126                  26,138
sbl                                                                      2,049                   1,115                     709
total                                                                 $147,574                $136,501                $147,541
nonperforming assets:
nonperforming loans:
c&amp;i loans                                                               $-                     $89                 $19,517
cre loans                                                               18,876                  25,512                   8,404
residential mortgage loans:
residential mortgage loans                                              61,391                  75,889                  78,372
home equity loans/lines                                                    398                     468                     367
total nonperforming loans                                               80,665                 101,958                 106,660
other real estate owned:
cre                                                                          -                       -                   4,902
residential first mortgage                                               5,380                   2,434                   3,316
total other real estate owned                                            5,380                   2,434                   8,218
total nonperforming assets                                             $86,045                $104,392                $114,878
total nonperforming assets, net as a % of rj bank total assets            0.69   %                0.99   %                1.18   %
total loans:
loans held for sale, net(1)                                            $45,988                $110,292                $160,515
loans held for investment:
c&amp;i loans                                                        6,422,347               5,246,005               5,018,831
cre construction loans                                                  94,195                  60,840                  49,474
cre loans                                                            1,689,163               1,283,046                 936,450
tax-exempt loans                                                       122,218                       -                       -
residential mortgage loans                                           1,751,747               1,745,650               1,691,986
sbl                                                                  1,023,748                 555,805                 352,495
net unearned income and deferred expenses                              (37,533   )             (43,936   )             (70,698   )
total loans held for investment                                     11,065,885               8,847,410               7,978,538
total loans                                                        $11,111,873              $8,957,702              $8,139,053
(1)   net of unearned income and deferred expenses.
53
index the following table presents rj bank's allowance for loan losses by loan category:
as of september 30,
2014                                                                                                     2013                                                                                                                                                     2012
allowance          loan category as a % of total loans receivable               allowance          loan category as a % of total loans receivable               allowance          loan category as a % of total loans receivable
($ in thousands)
loans held for sale                   $-                                   -                                          $-                                   1                         %                $-                                   2                         %
c&amp;i loans                     87,551                                  49                         %            81,733                                  50                         %            85,916                                  56                         %
cre construction loans             1,307                                   1                         %   674                                               -                                         458                                   -
cre loans                         21,061                                  13                         %            16,566                                  12                         %            26,381                                  10                         %
tax-exempt loans                   1,380                                   1                         %                 -                                   -                                           -                                   -
residential mortgage loans        14,340                                  16                         %            19,117                                  20                         %            26,126                                  21                         %
sbl                                2,044                                   9                         %             1,112                                   6                         %               705                                   4                         %
foreign loans                     19,891                                  11                         %            17,299                                  11                         %             7,955                                   7                         %
total                           $147,574                                 100                         %          $136,501                                 100                         %          $147,541                                 100                         %
as of september 30,
2011                                                                                                                                                                              2010
allowance          loan category as a % of total loans receivable               allowance          loan category as a % of total loans receivable
($ in thousands)
loans held for sale                   $5                                   2                         %               $23                                   -
c&amp;i loans                     79,687                                  59                         %            59,744                                  51                         %
cre construction loans               490                                   -                                       4,473                                   1                         %
cre loans                         30,752                                  11                         %            47,771                                  15                         %
residential mortgage loans        33,194                                  26                         %            34,283                                  32                         %
sbl                                   20                                   -                                          56                                   -
foreign loans                      1,596                                   2                         %               734                                   1                         %
total                           $145,744                                 100                         %          $147,084                                 100                         %
information on foreign assets held by rj bank:
changes in the allowance for loan losses with respect to loans rj bank has made to borrowers who are not domiciled in the u.s. are as follows:
year ended september 30,
2014                                                                                          2013                2012                2011                2010
(in thousands)
allowance for loan losses attributable to foreign loans, beginning of year:     $17,299              $7,955              $1,596           $734                $568
provision for loan losses - foreign loans                                         3,337               9,696               6,242       862                 166
foreign loan charge-offs:
c&amp;i loans                                                                         -                 (56   )               -           -                   -
foreign exchange translation adjustment                                            (745   )            (296   )   117                     -                   -
allowance for loan losses attributable to foreign loans, end of year            $19,891             $17,299              $7,955           $1,596              $734
54
index cross-border outstandings represent loans (including accrued interest), interest-bearing deposits with other banks, and any other monetary assets which are cross-border claims according to bank regulatory guidelines for the country exposure report. the following table sets forth the country where rj bank's total cross-border outstandings exceeded 1% of total rjf assets as of each respective period:
banks                        c&amp;i loans      cre construction loans                   cre loans          residential mortgage loans              sbl          total cross-border outstandings (1)
(in thousands)
september 30, 2014:
canada   $64,363                    $397,743             $-                                  $112,325                           $586                     $37                           $575,054
september 30, 2013:
canada   $44,196                    $352,221             $8,093                               $63,456                         $1,013                     $48                           $469,027
september 30, 2012:
canada   $20,706                    $155,503             $-                                   $25,099                         $1,032                    $179                           $202,519
(1)   excludes any hedged, non-u.s. currency amounts.
year ended september 30, 2014 compared with the year ended september 30, 2013 - rj bank pre-tax income in the rj bank segment decreased $25 million, or 9%, compared to the prior year.  the decrease in pre-tax income was primarily attributable to a $19 million, or 24%, increase in non-interest expenses (excluding the provision for loan losses) and an increase of $11 million, or 429%, in the provision for loan losses, offset by a $5 million increase in net revenues. the increase in net revenues was attributable to an $8 million increase in net interest income offset by a $3 million decrease in other income.
net interest income increased $8 million as a result of a $1.2 billion increase in average interest-earning banking assets offset by a decrease in the net interest margin. the increase in average interest-earning banking assets was driven by a $1.4 billion increase in average loans with average corporate loans increasing $1.1 billion, or 17%, and average sbl increasing $337 million, or 76%. the net interest margin decreased to 2.98% from 3.25% primarily as a result of the decrease in the yield of the average interest-earning assets. the yield on interest-earning banking assets decreased to 3.04% from 3.34% due to a decline in the loan portfolio yield. the loan portfolio yield decreased primarily due to a reduction in the corporate loan portfolio yield resulting from lower yields on new loans and refinancings as well as lower corporate loan fee income. the residential mortgage loan portfolio yield declined due to adjustable rate loans resetting at lower rates.
corresponding to the increase in average interest-earning banking assets, average interest-bearing banking liabilities increased $1.2 billion to $10.5 billion.
the decrease in other income as compared to the prior year was primarily due to a $3 million decline in gains from the sale of held for sale loans due to lower residential mortgage loan originations, and a $2 million increase in foreign currency losses, which were partially offset by a $2 million increase in bank-owned life insurance valuation gains.
the increase in provision for loan losses resulted from significant loan portfolio growth, which was partially offset by a decrease in corporate criticized loans, the favorable resolution of corporate problem loans, lower loan-to-value ("ltv") ratios in the residential mortgage loan portfolio, and a reduction in delinquent residential mortgage loans. these credit characteristics reflected the positive impact from improved economic conditions, which have resulted in a decline in the criticized loan balance and nonperforming assets as a percentage of total assets. in addition, net loan charge-offs decreased $12 million, or 87%, to $2 million, which was primarily attributable to improved credit characteristics within both the cre and residential mortgage loan portfolios.
the $19 million increase in non-interest expenses (excluding the provision for loan losses) as compared to the prior year was primarily attributable to a $4 million, or 14%, increase in affiliate deposit account servicing fees related to increased deposit balances, a $4 million or 75% increase in fdic insurance premiums due to higher deposit balances and assessment rates, a $4 million, or 16%, increase in compensation and benefits related to staff additions, a $2 million increase in sbl affiliate fees, and a $1 million, or 39%, increase in communications and information processing expense.
55
index year ended september 30, 2013 compared to the year ended september 30, 2012 - rj bank pre-tax income generated by the rj bank segment in fiscal year 2013 increased $28 million, or 11%.  the improvement in pre-tax income was primarily attributable to an increase of $11 million, or 3%, in net revenues and a $23 million, or 90%, decrease in the provision for loan losses, offset by a $7 million, or 9%, increase in non-interest expenses (excluding the provision for loan losses). the $11 million increase in net revenues was attributable to a $17 million increase in net interest income, partially offset by a $6 million decrease in other income.
net interest income in fiscal year 2013 increased $17 million, or 5%, primarily as a result of a $1.3 billion increase in average interest-earning banking assets. this increase in average interest-earning banking assets was driven by a $1.1 billion increase in average loans as well as increases in both average investments and cash. the significant increase in average loans resulted from a strong corporate lending market, including our canadian lending operation (which began in late february 2012), and growth in the recently introduced securities based lending product. the yield on interest-earning banking assets decreased to 3.34% from 3.61% due to declines in both the loan and investment yields. the loan portfolio yield decreased to 3.86% from 4.20% due to a reduction in the corporate loan portfolio yield resulting from tightened credit spreads and the repricing of existing loans at lower rates. in addition, the yield of the residential mortgage loan portfolio declined as a result of adjustable rate loans resetting at lower rates as well as lower rates on new production. primarily as a result of the decrease in the yield of the average interest-earning assets, the net interest margin decreased to 3.25% from 3.50%.
corresponding to the increase in interest-earning banking assets in fiscal year 2013, average interest-bearing banking liabilities increased $1.2 billion to $9.3 billion.
the decrease in other income in fiscal year 2013 was primarily due to a $7 million decrease in foreign currency gains/losses from prior year levels, a $2 million loss in the valuation of rj bank's bank-owned life insurance, and a prior year gain of $2 million resulting from a settlement with a residential mortgage loan servicer. these were partially offset by a $3 million reduction in other-than-temporary impairment ("otti") losses on our available for sale securities portfolio and a $2 million increase in income from the sale of held for sale loans.
the significant reduction in the provision for loan losses in fiscal year 2013 resulted from improved credit quality in the loan portfolio including a decrease in corporate criticized loans, the favorable resolution of corporate problem loans, lower ltv ratios in the residential mortgage loan portfolio, and a significant reduction in residential mortgage delinquent loans. these credit characteristics reflected the positive impact from improved economic conditions. net loan charge-offs decreased $11 million, or 45%, to $13 million.
the $7 million increase in non-interest expenses in fiscal year 2013 (excluding the provision for loan losses) was primarily attributable to a $3 million, or 18%, increase in compensation and benefits expenses related to staff additions to support increased loan activity, a $3 million increase in affiliate deposit account servicing fee expenses resulting from increased deposit balances, and a $1 million increase in affiliate fee expenses related to our securities based lending business.
56
index the following table presents average balance, interest income and expense, the related interest yields and rates, and interest spreads for rj bank for the years indicated:
year ended september 30,
2014                                                                                                                                                                                                     2013                                                                              2012
averagebalance          interestinc./exp.          averageyield/cost            averagebalance          interestinc./exp.          averageyield/cost             averagebalance           interestinc./exp.          averageyield/cost
($ in thousands)
interest-earning banking assets:
loans, net of unearned income (1)
loans held for sale - all domestic                      $107,898                    $2,705                    2.51          %           $155,901                    $3,519                    2.26          %            $127,594                     $2,878                    2.25          %
loans held for investment:
domestic:
c&amp;i loans                                          4,854,911                   176,820                    3.61          %          4,520,070                   190,910                    4.19          %           4,342,000                    192,277                    4.36          %
cre construction loans                                    51,361                     2,346                    4.50          %             41,928                     2,140                    5.03          %              16,314                        708                    4.27          %
cre loans                                              1,249,124                    37,156                    2.93          %            935,058                    30,515                    3.22          %             776,908                     25,832                    3.27          %
tax-exempt loans (2)                                      44,150                     1,454                    5.07          %                  -                         -                       -                              -                          -                       -
residential mortgage loans                             1,751,584                    51,409                    2.90          %          1,711,968                    52,285                    3.01          %           1,732,498                     57,220                    3.25          %
sbl                                                      779,872                    21,843                    2.76          %            443,042                    13,143                    2.93          %              87,906                      2,668                    2.98          %
foreign:
c&amp;i loans                                            945,799                    38,778                    4.04          %            623,554                    31,799                    5.01          %             324,320                     23,571                    7.15          %
cre construction loans                                    42,594                     2,763                    6.40          %             21,240                     1,488                    6.91          %              21,488                      4,392                   20.10          %   (3)
cre loans (4)                                            217,461                     8,537                    3.87          %            148,768                    10,036                    6.65          %              70,866                      9,590                   13.31          %
residential mortgage loans                                 2,099                        64                    3.00          %              1,869                        66                    3.49          %               1,534                         59                    3.79          %
sbl                                                        1,866                        67                    3.57          %              1,615                        63                    3.88          %                 404                         16                    3.90          %
total loans, net                                      10,048,719                   343,942                    3.39          %          8,605,013                   335,964                    3.86          %           7,501,832                    319,211                    4.20          %
agency mbs                                               297,933                     2,622                    0.88          %            346,665                     2,902                    0.84          %             266,768                      2,211                    0.83          %
non-agency collateralized mortgage obligations           127,022                     3,164                    2.49          %            154,933                     4,155                    2.68          %             180,246                      5,527                    3.07          %
cash and cash equivalents                                979,978                     2,558                    0.28          %          1,109,857                     2,812                    0.25          %             997,877                      2,453                    0.24          %
fhlb stock, frb stock, and other                          95,806                     3,018                    3.15          %             85,811                     2,235                    2.60          %             125,587                      2,281                    1.81          %
total interest-earning banking assets                 11,549,458                  $355,304                    3.04          %         10,302,279                  $348,068                    3.34          %           9,072,310                   $331,683                    3.61          %
non-interest-earning banking assets:
allowance for loan losses                               (140,544      )                                                                 (146,474      )                                                                  (146,263      )
unrealized loss on available for sale securities          (9,338      )                                                                  (11,723      )                                                                   (38,863      )
other assets                                             289,322                                                                         268,471                                                                          247,805
total non-interest-earning banking assets                139,440                                                                         110,274                                                                           62,679
total banking assets                                 $11,688,898                                                                     $10,412,553                                                                       $9,134,989
(continued on next page)
57
index year ended september 30,
2014                                                                                                                                                                                     2013                                                                               2012
averagebalance           interestinc./exp.           averageyield/cost             averagebalance           interestinc./exp.           averageyield/cost             averagebalance           interestinc./exp.           averageyield/cost
($ in thousands)(continued from previous page)
interest-bearing banking liabilities:
deposits:
certificates of deposit                                                                                        $329,176                     $6,126                     1.86          %            $305,293                     $6,239                     2.04          %            $296,674                     $6,501                     2.19          %
money market, savings, and now accounts (5)                                                                   9,790,257                      1,833                     0.02          %           8,827,966                      2,793                     0.03          %           7,736,094                      3,060                     0.04          %
fhlb advances and other                                                                                         337,603          588                                   0.17          %             129,144          192                                   0.15          %              51,834          98                                    0.19          %
total interest-bearing banking liabilities                                                                   10,457,036                     $8,547                     0.08          %           9,262,403                     $9,224                     0.10          %           8,084,602                     $9,659                     0.12          %
non-interest-bearing banking liabilities                                                                         36,827                                                                             57,604                                                                             76,000
total banking liabilities                                                                                    10,493,863                                                                          9,320,007                                                                          8,160,602
total banking shareholder's equity                                                                            1,195,035                                                                          1,092,546                                                                            974,387
total banking liabilities and shareholders' equity                                                          $11,688,898                                                                        $10,412,553                                                                         $9,134,989
excess of interest-earning banking assets over interest-bearing banking liabilities/net interest income      $1,092,422                   $346,757                                              $1,039,876                   $338,844                                                $987,708                   $322,024
bank net interest:
spread                                                                                                                                                                 2.97          %                                                                    3.24          %                                                                    3.49          %
margin (net yield on interest-earning banking assets)                                                                                                                  2.98          %                                                                    3.25          %                                                                    3.50          %
ratio of interest-earning banking assets to interest-bearing banking liabilities                                                                                     110.45          %                                                                  111.23          %                                                                  112.22          %
return on average:
total banking assets                                                                                                                                                   1.35          %                                                                    1.63          %                                                                    1.69          %
total banking shareholder's equity                                                                                                                                    13.21          %                                                                   15.49          %                                                                   15.84          %
average equity to average total banking assets                                                                                                                        10.22          %                                                                   10.49          %                                                                   10.67          %
(1)   nonaccrual loans are included in the average loan balances. payment or income received on impaired nonaccrual loans are applied to principal. income on other nonaccrual loans is recognized on a cash basis. fee income on loans included in interest income for the years ended september 30, 2014, 2013 and 2012 was $34 million, $48 million, and $51 million, respectively.
(2)   the yield is presented on a tax-equivalent basis utilizing the federal statutory tax rate of 35%.
(3)   the cre construction yield was positively impacted by a loan payoff with a significant unearned discount.
(4)   the cre yield for the year ended september 30, 2014 as compared to prior years was negatively impacted by lower fee income.
(5)   negotiable order of withdrawal ("now") account.
58
index increases and decreases in interest income and interest expense result from changes in average balances (volume) of interest-earning banking assets and liabilities, as well as changes in average interest rates. the following table shows the effect that these factors had on the interest earned on rj bank's interest-earning assets and the interest incurred on its interest-bearing liabilities. the effect of changes in volume is determined by multiplying the change in volume by the previous period's average yield/cost. similarly, the effect of rate changes is calculated by multiplying the change in average yield/cost by the previous year's volume. changes applicable to both volume and rate have been allocated proportionately.
year ended september 30,
2014 compared to 2013                                              2013 compared to 2012
increase (decrease) due to                                         increase (decrease) due to volume                    rate                 total               volume                    rate                 total
(in thousands)
interest revenue:
interest-earning banking assets:
loans, net of unearned income:
loans held for sale - all domestic                 $(1,084    )               $270                 $(814    )            $638                      $3                  $641
loans held for investment:
domestic:
c&amp;i loans                                       14,142                 (28,232    )          (14,090    )           7,886                  (9,253    )           (1,367    )
cre construction loans                                 482                    (276    )              206                1,112                     320                 1,432
cre loans                                           10,249                  (3,608    )            6,641                5,258                    (575    )            4,683
tax-exempt loans                                     1,454                       -                 1,454                    -                       -                     -
residential mortgage loans                           1,210                  (2,086    )             (876    )            (678    )             (4,257    )           (4,935    )
sbl                                                  9,992                  (1,292    )            8,700               10,778                    (303    )           10,475
foreign:
c&amp;i loans                                       16,433                  (9,454    )            6,979               21,748                 (13,520    )            8,228
cre construction loans                               1,496                    (221    )            1,275                  (51    )             (2,853    )           (2,904    )
cre loans                                            4,634                  (6,133    )           (1,499    )          10,542                 (10,096    )              446
residential mortgage loans                               8                     (10    )               (2    )              13                      (6    )                7
sbl                                                      9                      (5    )                4                   47                       -                    47
agency mbs                                            (408    )                128                  (280    )             662                      29                   691
non-agency collateralized mortgage obligations        (748    )               (243    )             (991    )            (776    )               (596    )           (1,372    )
cash and cash equivalents                             (329    )                 75                  (254    )             275                      84                   359
fhlb stock, frb stock, and other                       260                     523                   783                 (722    )                676                   (46    )
total interest-earning banking assets               57,800                 (50,564    )            7,236               56,732                 (40,347    )           16,385
interest expense:
interest-bearing banking liabilities:
deposits:
certificates of deposit                                488                    (601    )             (113    )             189                    (451    )             (262    )
money market, savings and now accounts                 304                  (1,264    )             (960    )             432                    (699    )             (267    )
fhlb advances and other                                310                      86                   396                  146                     (52    )               94
total interest-bearing banking liabilities           1,102                  (1,779    )             (677    )             767                  (1,202    )             (435    )
change in net interest income                      $56,698                $(48,785    )           $7,913              $55,965                $(39,145    )          $16,820
59
index results of operations - other the following table presents consolidated financial information for the other segment for the years indicated:
year ended september 30,
2014                                                                                 % change   2013                         % change   2012
($ in thousands)
revenues:
interest income                                                 $12,549            (19     )%           $15,404             43   %              $10,763
investment banking                                                    -           (100     )%             3,000            555   %      458
investment advisory fees                                          1,340       6             %             1,262              1   %                1,248
other                                                            28,314            (73     )%           106,735            132   %               45,943
total revenues                                                   42,203            (67     )%           126,401            116   %               58,412
interest expense                                                 77,456             (4     )%            80,478             29   %               62,349
net revenues                                                    (35,253   )       (177     )%            45,923             nm                   (3,937   )
non-interest expenses:
compensation and other expenses                                  43,055              -                   43,164             21   %               35,577
acquisition related expenses                                          -           (100     )%            73,454             24   %               59,284
total non-interest expenses                                      43,055            (63     )%           116,618             23   %               94,861
loss before taxes and including noncontrolling interests:       (78,308   )        (11     )%           (70,695   )         28   %              (98,798   )
noncontrolling interests                                          5,610                                  61,618                                  27,922
pre-tax loss excluding noncontrolling interests                $(83,918   )   37            %          (132,313   )         (4   )%            (126,720   )
among the items impacting this segment, as more fully described in item 1 in this report, the other segment results include our principal capital and private equity activities.
year ended september 30, 2014 compared to the year ended september 30, 2013 - other the pre-tax loss generated by this segment decreased by approximately $48 million, or 37%, compared to the prior year.
net revenues in this segment decreased $81 million, or 177%. the decrease is primarily attributable to a decrease in revenues in the current year arising from our private equity portfolio investments. approximately $74 million of prior year revenues were associated with our indirect investment in albion, an investment which was sold in april 2013 and therefore such revenues did not recur in the current year. revenues associated with the remainder of our private equity portfolio have decreased $6 million compared to the prior year. offsetting these decreases, we realized a $6 million increase in the current year from gains on redemptions or sales of ars, most notably arising from the current year redemption of jefferson county alabama sewer revenue refunding warrants ars.
non-interest expenses decreased $74 million, or 63%. the decrease is primarily a result of a decrease in acquisition related expenses since our integration of morgan keegan was substantially complete as of september 30, 2013. the acquisition related expenses incurred in the prior year were primarily comprised of expenses associated with the integration of morgan keegan's operations into our own (see note 3 of our notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information on the components of the prior year expense).
the portion of revenue attributable to noncontrolling interests decreased by nearly $56 million compared to the prior year. of the prior year albion revenues received, approximately $51 million related to the portion of that investment which we did not own.
year ended september 30, 2013 compared to the year ended september 30, 2012 - other the pre-tax loss generated by this segment in fiscal year 2013 increased by approximately $6 million, or 4%.
total revenues in fiscal year 2013 increased $68 million, or 116%. the increase primarily resulted from a $44 million increase in other revenues associated with our indirect investment in albion, which was sold in april 2013. fiscal year 2013 includes $74 million of favorable valuation adjustments and distributions received from albion ($65 million of favorable valuation adjustments and $9 million of dividends received), compared to $30 million of favorable valuation adjustments and dividends received on
60
index albion in the prior fiscal year. revenues resulting from either distributions received or valuation adjustments related to certain private equity investments we acquired as part of the morgan keegan acquisition increased $16 million over the prior year.
interest expense in fiscal year 2013 increased $18 million, or 29% over the prior year.  the increase primarily results from our march 2012 issuances of $350 million 6.9% senior notes and $250 million 5.625% senior notes, as well as interest expense associated with borrowings under certain credit agreements with regions bank (as more fully described in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k). both of the march 2012 debt offerings and the borrowings from regions bank were part of our acquisition financing activities and other transactions associated with the morgan keegan acquisition.
acquisition related expenses in fiscal year 2013 increased $14 million, or 24%, over the prior year. these expenses are almost entirely comprised of expenses associated with our acquisition and integration of morgan keegan. these expenses include information systems integration and conversion costs, other integration related costs, occupancy and equipment costs which include costs incurred to abandon certain leased facilities that resulted from our integration activities, and severance related expenses (see note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information).
compensation and other expenses in fiscal year 2013 increased $8 million, or 21%, over the prior year primarily as a result of an increase in incentive compensation expense.
the noncontrolling interest line item captures the pre-tax income generated from investments included in this segment of which we do not own 100%. the income before tax attributable to noncontrolling interests in fiscal year 2013 increased $34 million over the prior year. this increase primarily resulted from the increase in revenues generated from the albion investment, which resulted in a $26 million increase over the prior year in the attribution of pre-tax income to others. the remaining $8 million increase over the prior year resulted from increases in the pre-tax income generated by the other investments we hold in our private equity portfolio of which we do not own 100%.
certain statistical disclosures by bank holding companies as a financial holding company, we are required to provide certain statistical disclosures by bank holding companies pursuant to the sec's industry guide 3.  certain of those disclosures are as follows for the fiscal year indicated:
year ended september 30,
2014         2013           2012
rjf return on average assets (1)             2.1%           1.7%           1.5%
rjf return on average equity (2)            12.3%          10.6%           9.7%
average equity to average assets (3)        18.1%          17.3%          16.8%
dividend payout ratio(4)                    19.3%          21.7%          23.6%
(1)   computed as net income attributable to rjf, inc. for the year indicated, divided by average assets (the sum of total assets at the beginning and end of the year, divided by two).
(2)   computed by utilizing the net income attributable to rjf, inc. and the average equity for each respective fiscal year. average equity is computed by adding the total equity attributable to rjf, inc. as of each quarter-end date during the indicated fiscal year, plus the beginning of the year total, divided by five.
(3)   computed as average equity (the sum of total equity at the beginning and end of the fiscal year, divided by two), divided by average assets (the sum of total assets at the beginning and end of the fiscal year, divided by two).
(4)   computed as dividends declared per common share during the fiscal year as a percentage of diluted earnings per common share.
refer to the rj bank section of this md&a and the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for the other required disclosures.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity is essential to our business.  the primary goal of our liquidity management activities is to ensure adequate funding to conduct our business over a range of market environments.
senior management establishes our liquidity and capital policies. these policies include senior management's review of short- and long-term cash flow forecasts, review of monthly capital expenditures, the monitoring of the availability of alternative sources of financing, and the daily monitoring of liquidity in our significant subsidiaries. our decisions on the allocation of capital to our
61
index business units consider, among other factors, projected profitability and cash flow, risk and impact on future liquidity needs. our treasury departments assist in evaluating, monitoring and controlling the impact that our business activities have on our financial condition, liquidity and capital structure as well as maintain our relationships with various lenders. the objectives of these policies are to support the successful execution of our business strategies while ensuring ongoing and sufficient liquidity.
liquidity is provided primarily through our business operations and financing activities.  financing activities could include bank borrowings, repurchase agreement transactions or additional capital raising activities under our "universal" shelf registration statement.
cash provided by operating activities during the year ended september 30, 2014 was $508 million. cash generated by successful operating results over the period resulted in a $586 million increase in cash.  significant changes in various other asset and liability balances which impact cash include: a $1.58 billion decrease in assets segregated pursuant to regulations and other segregated assets, which results in an increase in cash. brokerage client payables and other accounts payable decreased $1.8 billion which results in an offsetting decrease in cash. both of these activities are largely the result of a decrease in client cash deposits, refer to the discussion of the impact of an increase in the capacity to re-deposit client cash with unaffiliated banks who participate in our rjbdp, as described in the statement of financial condition analysis that follows within this item 7, for more information regarding these activities. other significant activities that impacted operating cash include: a decrease in securities purchased under agreements to resell, net of securities sold under agreements to repurchase, resulted in a $207 million increase in operating cash. rj ltd. significantly reduced the balances in secured call loans receivable during the fiscal year, and instead invested such balances in depository accounts with third party canadian financial institutions. accrued compensation, commissions and benefits balances increased resulting in a $72 million increase in operating cash. the increased accrual primarily results from the significant increase in both revenues and profits over the prior year. an increase in the stock loaned, net of stock borrowed balances resulted in a $51 million increase in operating cash. proceeds from sales of loans held for sale, net of purchases, resulted in a $46 million increase in operating cash. partially offsetting these activities which resulted in increases of cash, decreases in cash resulted from the following activities: brokerage client receivables increased $160 million primarily due to an increase in end of year client margin balances (end of year client margin balances increased, however as noted in the analysis of net interest within this item 7, average client margin balances outstanding decreased this fiscal year). trading instruments held increased $47 million. we used $34 million in cash to fund loans provided to financial advisors, net of repayments. all other components of operating activities combined to net an $12 million source of cash.
investing activities resulted in the use of $2.10 billion of cash during the year ended september 30, 2014.  the primary investing activity was the use of $2.21 billion in cash to fund an increase in bank loans, net of proceeds from sales of loans held for investment.  we received proceeds from the maturation, repayment, redemption or sale of securities in our available for sale security portfolio of $153 million, net of purchases of additional securities. all other components of investing activities combined to net a $42 million use of cash.
financing activities provided $1.22 billion of cash during the year ended september 30, 2014.  increases in rj bank deposits provided $734 million. proceeds from borrowed funds, net of repayments, have resulted in a $567 million increase in cash. rj bank's advances from the fhlb are the primary source of these borrowings (see note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information regarding these borrowings). we used $88 million in payment of dividends to our shareholders. all other components of financing activities combined to net an $11 million source of cash.
we believe our existing assets, most of which are liquid in nature, together with funds generated from operations and committed and uncommitted financing facilities, should provide adequate funds for continuing operations at current levels of activity.
62
index sources of liquidity approximately $1.21 billion of our total september 30, 2014 cash and cash equivalents (a portion of which is invested on behalf of the parent company by rj&a, and a portion of which is maintained in a deposit account at rj bank) was available to us without restrictions.  the cash and cash equivalents held were as follows:
cash and cash equivalents:              september 30, 2014
(in thousands)
rjf (1)                                  $778,855
rj&amp;a(2)                               561,594
rj bank (1)                               313,364
rj ltd.                                   265,857
other subsidiaries                        279,393
total cash and cash equivalents        $2,199,063
(1)   rjf maintains a depository account at rj bank which has a balance of $500 million as of september 30, 2014. this cash balance is reflected in the rjf total, and is excluded from the rj bank total, since this balance is available to rjf on-demand and without restriction.
(2)   rjf has loaned $458 million to rj&amp;a as of september 30, 2014, which rj&amp;a has invested on behalf of rjf in cash and cash equivalents.
in addition to the liquidity on hand described above, we have other various potential sources of liquidity which are described below.
liquidity available from subsidiaries liquidity is principally available to the parent company from rj&a and rj bank.
rj&a is required to maintain net capital equal to the greater of $1 million or 2% of aggregate debit items arising from client transactions. covenants in rj&a's committed secured financing facilities require its net capital to be a minimum of 10% of aggregate debit items.  at september 30, 2014, rj&a significantly exceeded both the minimum regulatory and its financing covenants net capital requirements. at that date, rj&a had excess net capital of approximately $406 million, of which approximately $168 million is available for dividend while still maintaining the targeted net capital ratio of 15% of aggregate debit items.  there are also limitations on the amount of dividends that may be declared by a broker-dealer without finra approval.
rj bank may pay dividends to the parent company without prior approval by its regulator as long as the dividend does not exceed the sum of rj bank's current calendar year and the previous two calendar years' retained net income, and rj bank maintains its targeted capital to risk-weighted assets ratios.  at september 30, 2014, rj bank was operating at its targeted total capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 12.5%.
liquidity available to us from our subsidiaries, other than rj&a and rj bank, is relatively insignificant and in certain instances may be subject to regulatory requirements.
63
index borrowings and financing arrangements the following table presents our financing arrangements with third party lenders that we generally utilize to finance a portion of our fixed income securities trading instruments held, and the outstanding balances related thereto, as of september 30, 2014:
committed secured(1)                                       uncommitted secured (1)(2)                                  uncommitted unsecured (1)(2)                                                                               total financing amount             outstanding balance           financing amount              outstanding balance           financing amount               outstanding balance                financing amount      outstanding balance
($ in thousands)
rj&amp;a                     $300,000                     $35,000                       $1,750,000                    $201,194                      $375,000                       $-                               $2,425,000              $236,194
rj ltd.(3)                   -                            -                             39,714                        -                             -                              -                                    39,714              -
rj securities, inc. (4)      92,387                       5,000                         -                             -                             -                              -                                    92,387              5,000
rjf                          -                            -                             -                             -                             100,000                        -                                   100,000              -
total                        $392,387                     $40,000                       $1,789,714                    $201,194                      $475,000                       $-                               $2,657,101              $241,194
total number of agreements   4                                                       7                                                           8                                                            19
(1)   our ability to borrow is dependent upon compliance with the conditions in the various committed loan agreements and collateral eligibility requirements.
(2)   lenders are under no contractual obligation to lend to us under uncommitted credit facilities.
(3)   this financing arrangement is primarily denominated in canadian currency, amounts presented in the table have been converted to u.s. dollars at the currency exchange rate in effect as of september 30, 2014.
(4)   rj securities, inc. is the borrower under the "regions credit facility," see note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for discussion of the terms of this committed secured borrowing facility.
the committed domestic financing arrangements are in the form of either tri-party repurchase agreements or a secured line of credit.  the uncommitted domestic financing arrangements are in the form of secured lines of credit, secured bilateral or tri-party repurchase agreements, or unsecured lines of credit.
we maintain three unsecured settlement lines of credit available to our argentine joint venture in the aggregate amount of $12 million. of the aggregate amount, one settlement line for $9 million is guaranteed by rjf. borrowings outstanding on these lines of credit as of september 30, 2014 amounted to approximately $310 thousand.
rj bank had $500 million in fhlb advances outstanding at september 30, 2014, comprised of two $250 million floating-rate advances, both of which are secured by a blanket lien on rj bank's residential loan portfolio (see note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information regarding these borrowings). the interest rate applicable to the fhlb advances resets on either a monthly or a quarterly basis. rj bank has the option to prepay each advance without penalty on each interest reset date. rj bank has $641 million in immediate credit available from the fhlb as of september 30, 2014 and total available credit of 30% of total assets, with the pledge of additional collateral to the fhlb. on october 9, 2013, rj bank entered into a forward-starting advance transaction with the fhlb to borrow $25 million on october 13, 2015. once funded, this borrowing will bear interest at the rate of 3.4%, and will mature on october 13, 2020.
rj bank is eligible to participate in the fed's discount-window program; however, rj bank does not view borrowings from the fed as a primary means of funding.  the credit available in this program is subject to periodic review, may be terminated or reduced at the discretion of the fed, and would be secured by pledged c&i loans.
from time to time we purchase short-term securities under agreements to resell ("reverse repurchase agreements") and sell securities under agreements to repurchase ("repurchase agreements").  we account for each of these types of transactions as collateralized financings with the outstanding balances on the repurchase agreements included in securities sold under agreements to repurchase.  at september 30, 2014, collateralized financings outstanding in the amount of $244 million are included in securities sold under agreements to repurchase on the consolidated statements of financial condition. of this total, outstanding balances on the committed and uncommitted repurchase agreements (which are reflected in the table of financing arrangements above) were $35 million and $51 million, respectively, as of september 30, 2014.  such financings are generally collateralized by non-customer, rj&a owned securities.  the required market value of the collateral associated with the committed secured facilities ranges from 102% to 133% of the amount financed.
64
index the average daily balance outstanding during the five most recent successive quarters, the maximum month-end balance outstanding during the quarter and the period end balances for repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements of rjf are as follows:
repurchase transactions                                                                                                                                 reverse repurchase transactions for the quarter ended:         average daily balance outstanding            maximum month-end balance outstanding during the quarter              end of period balance outstanding            average daily balance outstanding            maximum month-end balance outstanding during the quarter              end of period balance outstanding
(in thousands)
september 30, 2014                        $238,841                                                     $260,323                                              $244,495                                     $458,158                                                     $495,286                                              $446,016
june 30, 2014                              371,573                                                      420,327                                               286,924                                      556,806                                                      707,170                                               508,005
march 31, 2014                             316,581                                                      377,677                                               377,677                                      685,402                                                      674,694                                               637,486
december 31, 2013                          328,867                                                      363,845                                               345,701                                      642,940                                                      658,244                                               638,893
september 30, 2013                         267,984                                                      300,933                                               300,933                                      643,422                                                      709,120                                               709,120
at september 30, 2014, in addition to the financing arrangements described above, we had corporate debt of $1.2 billion. the balance is comprised of $350 million outstanding on our 6.90% senior notes due 2042, $249 million outstanding on our 5.625% senior notes due 2024, $300 million outstanding on our 8.60% senior notes due august 2019, $250 million outstanding on our 4.25% senior notes due april 2016, and $42 million outstanding on a mortgage loan for our home-office complex.
our current senior long-term debt ratings are:
rating agency                                        rating   outlook standard &amp; poor's ratings services ("s&amp;p")   bbb      stable moody's investors services ("moody's")               baa2     stable the s&p rating and outlook reflected above are as presented in their december, 2013 report.
the moody's rating and outlook reflected above are as presented in their july, 2014 report.
our current long-term debt ratings depend upon a number of factors including industry dynamics, operating and economic environment, operating results, operating margins, earnings trends and volatility, balance sheet composition, liquidity and liquidity management, our capital structure, our overall risk management, business diversification and our market share, and competitive position in the markets in which we operate. deteriorations in any of these factors could impact our credit ratings.  any rating downgrades could increase our costs in the event we were to pursue obtaining additional financing.
should our credit rating be downgraded prior to a public debt offering it is probable that we would have to offer a higher rate of interest to bond holders.  a downgrade to below investment grade may make a public debt offering difficult to execute on terms we would consider to be favorable.  one of our committed secured financing agreements having a maximum borrowing in the amount of $100 million, includes as an event of default, the failure of rjf as a guarantor of the repayment of the loan, to maintain an investment grade rating on its unsecured senior debt.  otherwise, none of our credit agreements contain a condition or event of default related to our credit ratings.  a downgrade below investment grade could also result in the termination of certain derivative contracts and the counterparties to the derivative instruments could request immediate payment or demand immediate and ongoing overnight collateralization on our derivative instruments in liability positions (see note 18 of our notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information). a credit downgrade could create a reputational issue and could also result in certain counterparties limiting their business with us, result in negative comments by analysts and potentially impact investor perception of us, and resultantly impact our stock price and/or our clients' perception of us.
other sources of liquidity we own life insurance policies which are utilized to fund certain non-qualified deferred compensation plans and other employee benefit plans. the policies which we could readily borrow against have a cash surrender value of approximately $220 million as of september 30, 2014 and we are able to borrow up to 90%, or $198 million of the september 30, 2014 total, without restriction.  there are no borrowings outstanding against any of these policies as of september 30, 2014.
65
index on may 24, 2012 we filed a "universal" shelf registration statement with the sec to be in a position to access the capital markets if and when necessary or perceived by us to be opportune.
see the "contractual obligations" section below for information regarding our contractual obligations.
potential impact of morgan keegan matters subject to indemnification by regions on our liquidity as more fully described in note 3 in the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k, the spa provides that in addition to customary indemnity for breaches of representations and warranties and covenants, regions will indemnify rjf for losses incurred in connection with any litigation or similar matter related to pre-closing actions. as a result of these indemnifications, we do not anticipate the resolution of any pre-closing date morgan keegan litigation matters to negatively impact our liquidity (see notes 3 and 21 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k, and part i item 3 - legal proceedings, in this report for further information regarding the indemnifications and the nature of the pre-closing date matters).
potential impact of on our liquidity from the scheduled maturity of corporate debt one of our senior note issuances, the 4.25% senior notes with an aggregate principal amount of $250 million, matures in april, 2016. at the present time, we do not intend to refinance this offering on or prior to its maturity date. should we ultimately elect not to refinance, the repayment of the principal on the maturity date would reduce our excess liquidity.
statement of financial condition analysis the assets on our consolidated statement of financial condition consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents (a large portion of which is segregated for the benefit of clients), receivables including bank loans, financial instruments held for either trading purposes or as investments, and other assets.  a significant portion of our assets are liquid in nature, providing us with flexibility in financing our business.
total assets of $23.3 billion at september 30, 2014 are approximately $140 million, or 1% more than our total assets as of september 30, 2013. net bank loans receivable increased $2.1 billion due to significant growth of rj bank's net loan portfolio during the year. offsetting this increase, segregated assets pursuant to federal regulations at september 30, 2014 decreased $1.58 billion compared to september 30, 2013, resulting from an increase during the current year in the capacity of the unaffiliated banks who participate in our rjbdp to accept client cash balances under the program. with the increase in rjbdp capacity, we increased the client cash balances re-deposited with such unaffiliated banks, which reduces the amount of brokerage client liabilities carried on our financial statements. securities purchased under agreements to resell and other collateralized financings decreased $263 million, as rj ltd. reduced its amount of secured call loans receivable (which is considered to be an other collateralized financing), and redirected such short-term investments to cash deposits with large canadian financial institutions (which are included in our cash balance). the investment balance associated with our available for sale securities portfolio decreased $137 million primarily as a result of redemptions, maturations, or sales of certain securities in the portfolio. receivables from brokers-dealers and clearing organizations decreased $136 million as certain receivable balances associated with our broker-dealer subsidiaries in the normal course of their businesses which were outstanding as of september 30, 2013 were settled during the year and did not recur. cash and cash equivalents decreased $398 million, refer to the discussion of the various sources and uses of cash during the period in the preceding liquidity and capital resources section of this md&a.
our liabilities at september 30, 2014 of $18.9 billion are $295 million, or 2% less than our liabilities as of september 30, 2013. the decrease in liabilities at september 30, 2014 compared to september 30, 2013 is primarily due to the following: a $1.99 billion decrease in brokerage client payables, which occurred due to the increase in capacity with unaffiliated banks in our rjbdp program and the resultant increase in client cash balances that were re-deposited with unaffiliated banks, which reduces the amount of brokerage client payable balances carried on our financial statements (refer to the related decrease in segregated assets pursuant to federal regulations discussed in the preceding paragraph). offsetting the decrease, bank deposit liabilities increased $734 million, reflecting increased deposits at rj bank, and our net borrowings increased by $571 million, primarily resulting from $500 million in borrowings rj bank made from the fhlb during the current year (refer to note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for information regarding these borrowings).
66
index contractual obligations the following table sets forth our contractual obligations:
year ended september 30, total   2015                  2016                  2017                  2018                                 2019                thereafter
(in thousands)
long-term debt obligations:
corporate debt (1)                                                             $1,190,836                $4,086              $254,171                $4,578                $4,846              $305,105                $618,050
loans payable of consolidated variable interest entities(2)                        43,877                17,949                13,331                 8,240                 3,668                   689                       -
long-term portion of other borrowings(3)                                          505,216                 5,000                     -               500,000       216                                 -                       -
committed borrowing by rj bank (4)                                                      -                     -               (25,000   )                 -                     -                     -                  25,000
sub-total long-term debt obligations                                            1,739,929                27,035               242,502               512,818                 8,730               305,794                 643,050
estimated interest on long-term debt (5)                                          973,030                77,929                78,528                67,651                66,391                66,108                 616,423
operating lease obligations (6)                                                   398,031                77,309                71,073                61,187                49,093                40,176                  99,193
purchase obligations (7)                                                          134,164                62,015                45,333                21,734                 1,023                   650                   3,409
long-term liabilities:
time deposits (8)                                                                 344,703                77,438                61,088                79,371                46,663                80,143                       -
deferred compensation programs (9)                                                315,477                44,282                48,810                62,974                52,308                55,343                  51,760
legal liabilities associated with matters subject to indemnification (10)         154,364                51,455                51,455                51,454                     -                     -                       -
low income housing tax credit guarantee obligation (11)                            28,421                 3,969                 3,910                 4,757                 5,247                 5,388                   5,150
sub-total long-term liabilities                                                   842,965               177,144               165,263               198,556               104,218               140,874                  56,910
total contractual obligations                                                  $4,088,119              $421,432              $602,699              $861,946              $229,455              $553,602              $1,418,985
(1)   see note 17 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information.
(2)   loans which are non-recourse to us. see further discussion in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
(3)   see note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information.
(4)   rj bank entered into a forward-starting advance transaction with the fhlb to borrow $25 million on october 13, 2015.
(5)   interest computation includes scheduled interest on our senior notes, the mortgage note payable, rj bank's fhlb advances (assuming no change in the variable interest rate from that as of september 30, 2014), and rj bank's committed borrowing from the fhlb, see note 15 and note 17 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for information regarding the borrowings.
(6)   primarily comprised of outstanding obligations on long-term leases for office space.
(7)   in the normal course of our business, we enter into contractual arrangements whereby we commit to future purchases of products or services from unaffiliated parties. purchase obligations for purposes of this table, include amounts associated with agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms including: minimum quantities to be purchased, fixed, minimum or variable price provisions, and the approximate timing of the transaction. our most significant purchase obligations are vendor contracts for communication services, processing services and software contracts. most of our contracts have provisions for early termination, for purposes of this table we have assumed we would not pursue early termination of such contracts.
(8)   see note 14 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information.
see the following page for the continuation of the explanations to the footnotes in the above table.
67
index continuation of the footnote explanations pertaining to the table on the previous page:
(9)   includes obligations, presented on a gross basis, of our long-term incentive plan, our wealth accumulation plan, our voluntary deferred compensation program, and certain historic deferred compensation plans of mk &amp; co. see notes 24 and 25 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information regarding such plans. we own life insurance policies that are not presented in this table which are utilized to fund certain of these obligations. see note 10 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for information regarding our investments in company-owned life insurance. we also hold other investments that are not presented in this table to fund obligations of the historic deferred compensation plans of mk &amp; co., see note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for information regarding the fair value of such investments.
(10)   regions has provided an indemnification to rjf for losses incurred in connection with morgan keegan legal proceedings pending as of the closing date of our morgan keegan acquisition, or commenced after the closing date and related to pre-closing date matters. see note 21 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for further discussion. amounts presented in this table represent the gross liabilities for such matters, and do not reflect the related and offsetting indemnification asset. see note 10 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for information regarding the indemnification asset. these liabilities do not have defined maturity dates, however since we expect that all such matters will be resolved within three years, we have assigned an equal amount of such liability balance to each of the following three years as our estimate of the timing associated with the resolution of such matters.
(11)   rjtcf has provided a guaranteed return on investment to a third party investor in one of its fund offerings, see note 21 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for further discussion. amounts presented in this table represent the gross liability associated with this guarantee obligation, and do not reflect the related and offsetting financing asset. see note 10 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for information regarding the offsetting financing asset.
we have made a number of investment commitments, either as commitments to fund low income housing tax credit ("lihtc") project partnerships, or to venture capital or private equity partnerships. we have also made commitments to provide loans to prospective financial advisors who have either accepted our offer, or recently recruited advisors, which have not yet been funded. see note 21 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for further information on these and other commitments.
rj bank has entered into commitments to extend credit such as unfunded loan commitments, standby letters of credit, open end consumer and commercial lines of credit. see note 27 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for further information on these and other outstanding off-balance credit-related commitments.
we are authorized by the board of directors to repurchase our common stock for general corporate purposes. there is no formal stock repurchase plan at this time. from time to time our board of directors has authorized specific dollar amounts for repurchases at the discretion of our board's securities repurchase committee. as of september 30, 2014 the unused portion of the current authorization was $49.4 million.
in the normal course of business, certain subsidiaries of ours act as general partner and may be contingently liable for activities of various limited partnerships. these partnerships engage primarily in real estate activities. in our opinion, such liabilities, if any, for the obligations of the partnerships will not in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position.
regulatory refer to the discussion of the regulatory environment in which rjf and its subsidiaries operate, and the potential impact on our operations the various new rules and regulations arising from the dodd-frank act, which include the volcker rule and the basel iii regulatory capital rules, may have on our business, in the item 1 business, regulation section in this report.
rj&a, rjfs, eagle fund distributors, inc. and raymond james (usa) ltd. all had net capital in excess of minimum requirements as of september 30, 2014.
rj ltd. is subject to the minimum capital rule (dealer member rule no. 17 of iiroc and the early warning system (dealer member rule no. 30 of iiroc)). see the discussion in note 26 where each of these rules is described. rj ltd. is not in early warning level 1 or level 2 at september 30, 2014.
rjf and rj bank are subject to various regulatory and capital requirements. under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, rjf and rj bank met the requirements to be categorized as "well capitalized" as of september 30, 2014. one of rj bank's u.s. subsidiaries is an agreement corporation and is also subject to regulation by the fed. as of september 30, 2014, this rj bank subsidiary met the capital adequacy guideline requirements.
68
index the maintenance of certain risk-based regulatory capital levels could impact various capital allocation decisions impacting one or more of our businesses.  however, due to the strong capital position of rjf and its regulated subsidiaries, we do not anticipate these capital requirements will have any negative impact on our future business activities.
see note 26 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for further information on regulatory and capital requirements.
critical accounting estimates the consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with gaap, which require us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during any reporting period in our consolidated financial statements. management has established detailed policies and control procedures intended to ensure the appropriateness of such estimates and assumptions and their consistent application from period to period. for a description of our significant accounting policies, see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
we believe that of our accounting estimates and assumptions, those described below involve a high degree of judgment and complexity. due to their nature, estimates involve judgment based upon available information. actual results or amounts could differ from estimates and the difference could have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. therefore, understanding these critical accounting estimates is important in understanding the reported results of our operations and our financial position.
valuation of certain financial instruments, investments and other assets the use of fair value to measure financial instruments, with related gains or losses recognized in our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, is fundamental to our financial statements and our risk management processes.
"trading instruments" and "available for sale securities" are reflected in the consolidated statements of financial condition at fair value or amounts that approximate fair value. unrealized gains and losses related to these financial instruments are reflected in our net income or our total comprehensive income, depending on the underlying purpose of the instrument.
we measure the fair value of our financial instruments in accordance with gaap, which defines fair value, establishes a framework that we use to measure fair value and provides for certain disclosures we provide about our fair value measurements included in our financial statements. refer to notes 5 and 6 in our notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for these disclosures.
fair value is defined by gaap as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between willing market participants on the measurement date. we determine the fair values of our financial instruments and any other assets and liabilities required by gaap to be recognized at fair value in the financial statements as of the close of business of each financial statement reporting period. these fair value determination processes also apply to any of our impairment tests or assessments performed for nonfinancial instruments such as goodwill, identifiable intangible assets, certain real estate owned and other long-lived assets.
in determining the fair value of our financial instruments in accordance with gaap, we use various valuation approaches, including market and/or income approaches. fair value is a market-based measure considered from the perspective of a market participant. as such, even when assumptions from market participants are not readily available, our own assumptions reflect those that we believe market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. gaap provides for the following three levels to be used to classify our fair value measurements:
level 1-financial instruments included in level 1 are highly liquid instruments with quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. these include equity securities traded in active markets and certain u. s. treasury securities, other governmental obligations, or publicly traded corporate debt securities.
level 2-financial instruments reported in level 2 include those that have pricing inputs that are other than quoted prices in active markets, but which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date (i.e. prices for similar instruments). instruments that are generally included in this category are equity securities that are not actively traded, corporate obligations infrequently traded, certain government and municipal obligations, interest rate swaps, certain asset-backed securities ("abs"),
69
index certain collateralized mortgage obligations ("cmos"), certain mbs, our derivative instruments, corporate loans and nonrecurring fair value measurements for certain loans held for sale, impaired loans and other real estate owned ("oreo").
level 3-financial instruments reported in level 3 have little, if any, market activity and are measured using our best estimate of fair value, where the inputs into the determination of fair value are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable. these valuations require significant judgment or estimation. instruments in this category generally include: equity securities with unobservable inputs such as those investments made in our principal capital activities, certain non-agency abs, i/o strips, certain municipal and corporate obligations which include ars, and nonrecurring fair value measurements for certain impaired loans.
gaap requires that we maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when performing our fair value measurements. the availability of observable inputs can vary from instrument to instrument and in certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. in such cases, an instrument's level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement of an instrument requires judgment and consideration of factors specific to the instrument.
see notes 5, 6, 7 and 18 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information on our financial instruments.
level 3 assets and liabilities as of september 30, 2014, 9% of our total assets and 3% of our total liabilities are instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis, which are nearly unchanged from such measures as of september 30, 2013.
financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis categorized as level 3 amount to $417 million as of september 30, 2014 and represent 21% of our assets measured at fair value. of the level 3 assets as of september 30, 2014, our private equity investments comprise $212 million, or 51% of the total, and our ars positions comprise $201 million, or 48% of the total.  our level 3 assets decreased $52 million, or 11% as compared to the september 30, 2013 level, primarily as a result of sales and redemptions of ars which generated proceeds of $51.2 million and a gain of $7.1 million in the year ended september 30, 2014 (see note 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for additional information). level 3 assets represent 9.4% of total equity as of september 30, 2014, reflecting a decrease from the 11.7% of total equity measure as of september 30, 2013.
financial instruments which are liabilities categorized as level 3 amount to $58 thousand as of september 30, 2014 and represent less than 1% of liabilities measured at fair value, which is unchanged from such measure at september 30, 2013.
valuation techniques the fair value for certain of our financial instruments is derived using pricing models and other valuation techniques that involve significant management judgment. the price transparency of financial instruments is a key determinant of the degree of judgment involved in determining the fair value of our financial instruments. financial instruments for which actively quoted prices or pricing parameters are available will generally have a higher degree of price transparency than financial instruments that are thinly traded or not quoted. in accordance with gaap, the criteria used to determine whether the market for a financial instrument is active or inactive is based on the particular asset or liability. for equity securities, our definition of actively traded is based on average daily volume and other market trading statistics. we have determined the market for certain other types of financial instruments, including certain cmos, abs, certain collateralized debt obligations and ars, to be volatile, uncertain or inactive as of both september 30, 2014 and 2013. as a result, the valuation of these financial instruments included significant management judgment in determining the relevance and reliability of market information available. we considered the inactivity of the market to be evidenced by several factors, including a continued decreased price transparency caused by decreased volume of trades relative to historical levels, stale transaction prices and transaction prices that varied significantly either over time or among market makers.
the specific valuation techniques utilized for the categorization of certain financial instruments with the most significant carrying values that are presented in our consolidated statements of financial condition as of september 30, 2014 are described below.
70
index trading instruments and trading instruments sold but not yet purchased trading securities are comprised primarily of the financial instruments held by our broker-dealer subsidiaries (see note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for more information). when available, we use quoted prices in active markets to determine the fair value of these securities. such instruments are classified within level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. examples include exchange traded equity securities and liquid government debt securities. as of september 30, 2014, 7% our gross trading security assets and 70% of our gross trading securities sold but not yet purchased, are classified as level 1 of the fair value hierarchy.
when instruments are traded in secondary markets and quoted market prices do not exist for such securities, we utilize valuation techniques, including matrix pricing, to estimate fair value. matrix pricing generally utilizes spread-based models periodically re-calibrated to observable inputs such as market trades, or to dealer price bids in similar securities in order to derive the fair value of the instruments. valuation techniques may also rely on other observable inputs such as yield curves, interest rates and expected principal repayments, and default probabilities. instruments valued using these inputs are typically classified within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. examples include certain municipal debt securities, corporate debt securities, agency mbs, and restricted equity securities in public companies. we utilize prices from independent services to corroborate our estimate of fair value. depending upon the type of security, the pricing service may provide a listed price, a matrix price, or use other methods including broker-dealer price quotations. as of september 30, 2014, 93% our gross trading security assets and 30% of our gross trading securities sold but not yet purchased, are classified as level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.
positions in illiquid trading securities that do not have readily determinable fair values require significant judgment or estimation. for these securities, we use pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques. assumptions utilized by these techniques include estimates of future delinquencies, loss severities, defaults and prepayments, or redemptions. securities valued using these techniques are classified within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. for certain cmos, where there has been limited activity or less transparency around significant inputs to the valuation, such as assumptions regarding performance of the underlying mortgages, these securities are currently classified within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. as of september 30, 2014, less than 1% of our gross trading security assets, and none of our trading instruments sold but not yet purchased, are classified as level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
we enter into derivatives contracts as part of our fixed income operations in either over-the-counter market activities, or through "matched book" activities. see note 18 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for more information.
fair values for the interest rate derivative contracts arising from our over-the-counter market activities are obtained from internal pricing models that consider current market trading levels and the contractual prices for the underlying financial instruments, as well as time value, yield curve and other volatility factors underlying the positions. since our model inputs can be observed in a liquid market and the models do not require significant judgment, such derivative contracts are classified within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. we utilize values obtained from third party counterparty derivatives dealers to corroborate the output of our internal pricing models. the fair value of any cash collateral exchanged as part of the interest rate swap contract is netted, by counterparty, against the fair value of the derivative instrument.
fair value for our matched book derivatives are determined using an internal model which includes inputs from independent pricing sources to project future cash flows under each underlying derivative contract. the cash flows are discounted to determine the present value. since any changes in fair value are completely offset by an opposite change in the offsetting transaction position, there is no net impact on our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income from changes in the fair value of these derivative instruments. we record the value of each matched book derivative position held at fair value, as either an asset or an offsetting liability, presented as "derivative instruments associated with offsetting matched book positions" as applicable, on our consolidated statements of financial condition.
rj bank enters into three month forward foreign exchange contracts to hedge the risk related to their investment in their canadian subsidiary. these derivatives are recorded at fair value on the consolidated statements of financial condition, the majority of which are designated as net investment hedges. the fair value of rj bank's forward foreign exchange contracts is determined by obtaining valuations from a third party pricing service. these third party valuations are based on observable inputs such as spot rates, foreign exchange rates and both u.s. and canadian interest rate curves. we validate the observable inputs utilized in the third party valuation model by preparing an independent calculation using a secondary, third party valuation model. these forward foreign exchange contracts are classified within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.
71
index available for sale securities available for sale securities are comprised primarily of mbs, cmos, and other equity securities held predominately by rj bank (the "rj bank afs securities"), and ars held by a non-broker-dealer subsidiary of rjf (collectively referred to as the "rjf afs securities"). of the rjf afs securities, 64% of the portfolio is classified as level 2 and 36% is classified as level 3, of the fair value hierarchy.
debt and equity securities classified as available for sale are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses, net of deferred taxes, recorded through other comprehensive (loss) income and thereafter presented in shareholders' equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ("aoci") unless the loss is considered to be other-than-temporary, in which case the related credit loss portion is recognized as a loss in other revenue. realized gains and losses on sales of such securities are recognized using the specific identification method and reflected in other revenue in the period they are sold.
the fair value of agency and senior non-agency securities included within the rj bank afs securities is determined by obtaining third party pricing service bid quotations from two independent pricing services. third party pricing service bid quotations are based on either current market data, or for any securities traded in markets where the trading activity has slowed such as the cmo market, the most recently available market data. the third party pricing services provide comparable price evaluations utilizing available market data for similar securities. the market data the third party pricing services utilize for these price evaluations includes observable data comprised of benchmark yields, reported trades, broker-dealer quotes, issuer spreads, two-sided markets, benchmark securities, bids, offers, reference data including market research publications, and loan performance experience. in order to validate that the pricing information used by the primary third party pricing service is observable, we request, on a quarterly basis, some of the key market data available for a sample of senior securities and compare this data to that which we observed in our independent accumulation of market information. securities valued using these valuation techniques are classified within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.
for senior non-agency securities within the rj bank afs securities where a significant difference exists between the primary third party pricing service bid quotation and the secondary third party pricing service, we utilize a discounted cash flow analysis to determine which third party price quote is more representative of fair value under the current market conditions. the fair values for most senior non-agency securities at september 30, 2014 were based on the respective primary third party pricing service bid quotation. securities measured using these valuation techniques are generally classified within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.
ars are long-term variable rate securities tied to short-term interest rates that were intended to be reset through a "dutch auction" process, which generally occurs every seven to 35 days. holders of ars were previously able to liquidate their holdings to prospective buyers by participating in the auctions. during 2008, the dutch auction process failed and holders were no longer able to liquidate their holdings through the auction process. the fair value of the ars holdings is estimated based on internal pricing models. the pricing model takes into consideration the characteristics of the underlying securities, as well as multiple inputs including the issuer and its credit quality, data from any recent trades, the expected timing of redemptions and an estimated yield premium that a market participant would require over otherwise comparable securities to compensate for the illiquidity of the ars. these inputs require significant management judgment and, accordingly, these securities are classified within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
for any rjf afs securities in an unrealized loss position at the reporting period end, we make an assessment whether these securities are impaired on an other-than-temporary basis. in order to evaluate our risk exposure and any potential impairment of these securities, on at least a quarterly basis, we review the characteristics of each security owned such as, where applicable, collateral type, delinquency and foreclosure levels, credit enhancement, projected loan losses, collateral coverage, the presence of u.s. government or government agency guarantees, and issuer credit rating. the following factors are considered to determine whether an impairment is other-than-temporary: our intention to sell the security, our assessment of whether it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before the recovery of its amortized cost basis, and whether the evidence indicating that we will recover the amortized cost basis of a security in full outweighs evidence to the contrary. evidence considered in this assessment includes the reasons for the impairment, the severity and duration of the impairment, changes in value subsequent to period end, recent events specific to the issuer or industry, and forecasted performance of the security. securities on which there is an unrealized loss that is deemed to be other-than-temporary are written-down to fair value with the credit loss portion of the write-down recorded as a realized loss in other revenue and the non-credit portion of the write-down recorded net of deferred taxes in other comprehensive (loss) income and are thereafter presented in equity as a component of aoci. the credit loss portion of the write-down is the difference between the present value of the cash flows expected to be collected and the amortized cost basis of the security. the previous amortized cost basis of the security less the other-than-temporary impairment recognized in earnings establishes the new cost basis for the security.
72
index for any rjf afs securities, we estimate the portion of loss attributable to credit using a discounted cash flow model. for rj bank afs securities, our discounted cash flow model utilizes relevant assumptions such as prepayment rate, default rate, and loss severity on a loan level basis. these assumptions are subject to change depending on a number of factors such as economic conditions, changes in home prices, and delinquency and foreclosure statistics, among others. events that may trigger material declines in fair values or additional credit losses for these securities in the future would include, but are not limited to, deterioration of credit metrics, significantly higher levels of default and severity of loss on the underlying collateral, deteriorating credit enhancement and loss coverage ratios, or further illiquidity.
private equity investments private equity investments, held in our other segment, consist of various direct and third party private equity and merchant banking investments and comprise 51% of all of our level 3 assets as of september 30, 2014. the valuation of these investments requires significant management judgment due to the absence of quoted market prices, inherent lack of liquidity and long-term nature of these assets. as a result, these values cannot be determined with precision and the calculated fair value estimates may not be realizable in a current sale or immediate settlement of the instrument.
private equity investments are carried at estimated fair value. they are valued initially at the transaction price until significant transactions or developments indicate that a change in the carrying values of these investments is appropriate. the carrying values of these investments are adjusted based on financial performance, investment-specific events, financing and sales transactions with third parties and/or discounted cash flow models incorporating changes in market outlook. investments in funds structured as limited partnerships are generally valued based on our proportionate share of the net assets of the partnership as provided by the fund manager. investments valued using these valuation techniques are classified within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
goodwill impairment goodwill, under gaap, must be allocated to reporting units and tested for impairment at least annually. the annual goodwill impairment testing involves the application of significant management judgment, especially when estimating the fair value of its reporting units.
we perform goodwill testing on an annual basis or when an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value.  we have elected december 31 as our annual goodwill impairment evaluation date. during the quarter ended march 31, 2014, we performed a qualitative assessment evaluating the balances as of december 31, 2013 for each reporting unit that includes an allocation of goodwill to determine whether it is more likely than not that the carrying value of such reporting unit, including the recorded goodwill, is in excess of the fair value of the reporting unit. in any instance in which we are unable to qualitatively conclude that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds the reporting unit carrying value including goodwill, a quantitative analysis of the fair value of the reporting unit would be performed. based upon the outcome of our qualitative assessment, we determined that no quantitative analysis of the fair value of any reporting unit as of december 31, 2013 was required, and we concluded that none of the goodwill allocated to any of our reporting units as of december 31, 2013 was impaired. no events have occurred since december 31, 2013 that would cause us to update our latest annual impairment testing.
of our total september 30, 2014 goodwill balance of $295 million: $230 million arose from our fiscal year 2012 acquisition of morgan keegan (now part of rj&a, see note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for further information regarding the morgan keegan acquisition), $33 million arose from our fiscal year 2001 acquisition of goepel mcdermid, inc. (now rj ltd.), $30 million arose from our fiscal year 1999 acquisition of roney & co. (now part of rj&a), and $2 million arose from our fiscal year 2011 acquisition of howe barnes hoefer & arnett (now a part of rj&a). this goodwill was allocated to reporting units; $174.6 million is included in the pcg segment and $120.9 million is included in the capital markets segment.
deterioration in economic market conditions, especially those impacting revenues reported in our pcg and capital markets segments, as well as increased costs arising from the effects of recent regulatory or legislative changes, may result in declines in reporting unit performance beyond management's current expectations. declines in reporting unit performance, increases in equity capital requirements, or increases in the estimated cost of equity, could cause the estimated fair values of our reporting units or their associated goodwill to decline, which could result in a material impairment charge to earnings in a future period related to some portion of the associated goodwill.
73
index loss provisions loss provisions arising from legal proceedings the recorded amount of liabilities related to legal proceedings is subject to significant management judgment. for a description of the significant estimates and judgments associated with establishing legal liabilities, see the "legal liabilities" section of note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
loss provisions arising from operations of our broker-dealers the recorded amount of liabilities associated with brokerage client receivables and loans to financial advisors and certain key revenue producers, is subject to significant management judgment. for a description of the significant estimates and judgments associated with establishing these broker-dealer related liabilities, see the "brokerage client receivables, loans to financial advisors and allowance for doubtful accounts" section of note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
loan loss provisions arising from operations of rj bank rj bank provides an allowance for loan losses which reflects our continuing evaluation of the probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio. refer to note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for discussion of rj bank's policies regarding the allowance for loan losses, and refer to note 9 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for quantitative information regarding the allowance balances as of september 30, 2014.
the provision for loan losses in fiscal year 2014 includes $1.6 million resulting from the impact of our internal corporate loan classification changes as a result of the banking regulators' annual shared national credit ("snc") examination. the snc exam included a review which represented 83% of the total held for investment corporate portfolio at such time. the impact of the snc exam results from differences in judgment applicable to a limited number of the credits reviewed in the annual exam. we incorporate all regulatory trends observed during each annual snc exam into our internal ratings methodology. the limited number of loans with ratings differences, the lengthy period between snc exams, and the lack of a consistent pattern of credit characteristics leading to the loan ratings differences from year to year will cause the results of any year's exam to be unpredictable and result in some changes from our internal ratings. based on these factors, however, we do not believe the snc exam results to be indicative of current policies resulting in inaccurate loan classifications that need to be changed, rather, are differences in judgment and are not indicative of future trends in the subsequent year. we do not always incorporate loan classification upgrades that result from the snc exam. thus, based on this policy, the results of the annual snc exam on our portfolio may result in an increase to our provision for loan losses for the respective period these results become known. given the relatively high percentage of snc loans in our total corporate loan portfolio and the probability that regulators are likely to have a different view on some loans in our portfolio, the impact from each annual snc exam may be material to any fiscal year's provision for loan losses should the credit ratings changes resulting from such exam be numerous, significant (meaning more than a one notch classification change), or associated with considerably large loans in our portfolio.
the provision for loan losses in fiscal year 2013 included $5.6 million resulting from the impact of the respective period's annual snc exam. this prior year exam included a review which which represented 80% of the total held for investment corporate loan portfolio at such time.
at september 30, 2014, the amortized cost of all rj bank loans was $11.1 billion and an allowance for loan losses of $147.6 million was recorded against that balance. the total allowance for loan losses is equal to 1.33% of the amortized cost of the loan portfolio.
the uncertainty of the real estate and credit markets continues to influence the complexity involved in estimating the losses inherent in rj bank's loan portfolio. if our underlying assumptions and judgments prove to be inaccurate, the allowance for loan losses could be insufficient to cover actual losses. in such an event, any losses would result in a decrease in our net income as well as a decrease in the level of regulatory capital at rj bank.
74
index income taxes the objectives of accounting for income taxes are to recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year. we utilize the asset and liability method to provide income taxes on all transactions recorded in the consolidated financial statements. this method requires that income taxes reflect the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities for book and tax purposes. accordingly, a deferred tax asset or liability for each temporary difference is determined based on the tax rates that we expect to be in effect when the underlying items of income and expense are realized. judgment is required in assessing the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns, including the repatriation of undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries. variations in the actual outcome of these future tax consequences could materially impact our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. see note 20 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k for further information on our uncertain tax positions.
effects of recently issued accounting standards, and accounting standards not yet adopted in march 2013, the fasb issued new guidance intended to clarify the applicable guidance for the release of the cumulative translation adjustment when either an entity ceases to have a controlling financial interest in a subsidiary or involving an equity method investment that is a foreign entity. the new guidance is intended to resolve the diversity in current practice in the accounting for the release of the cumulative translation adjustment into net income for sales or transfers of a controlling financial interest that is in a foreign entity. this new guidance is first effective for our financial report covering the quarter ended december 31, 2014, however early adoption is permitted as long as an entity that adopts the guidance early applies the new guidance as of the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption. through september 30, 2014, we did not have any transactions with our foreign entities that fell within the scope of this clarifying guidance, therefore we did not adopt this guidance early. given that this guidance applies to entity specific transactions, we are unable to estimate the financial impact, if any, this clarifying guidance may have on our financial position or results of operations.
in june 2013, the fasb issued new guidance intended to amend the scope, measurement and disclosure requirements for investment companies.  the new guidance is intended to change the approach to the investment company assessment, clarify the characteristics of an investment company, require an investment company to measure noncontrolling ownership interests in other investment companies at fair value and requires additional disclosures about the investment company.  this new guidance is first effective for our financial report covering the quarter ending december 31, 2014, early adoption is prohibited.  we do not anticipate that the adoption of this new guidance will have any material impact on our financial position, results of operations or disclosures.
in january 2014, the fasb issued new guidance which allows investors in low income housing tax credit programs that meet specified conditions to present the net tax benefits (net of amortization of the cost of the investment) within income tax expense. the cost of the investments that meet the specified conditions will be amortized in proportion to (and over the same period as) the total expected tax benefits, including tax credits and other tax benefits as they are realized on the tax return. this new guidance is first effective for our financial report covering the quarter ending december 31, 2015, early adoption is permitted. based upon the nature of our current investments in lihtc programs, we do not expect to meet the specified conditions which allow for election of this accounting treatment and thus this new guidance is not anticipated to have any impact on our financial position and results of operations.
in january 2014, the fasb issued new guidance which clarifies when banks and similar institutions (creditors) should reclassify mortgage loans collateralized by residential real estate properties from the loan portfolio to oreo. this guidance defines when an in-substance repossession or foreclosure has occurred and when a creditor is considered to have received physical possession of residential real estate property collateralizing a consumer mortgage loan. this new guidance is first effective for our financial report covering the quarter ending december 31, 2015, early adoption is permitted. we do not anticipate that this new guidance will have any material impact on our financial position and results of operations, however, depending on the materiality upon the adoption of this new guidance, it may impact certain of our oreo disclosures.
in april 2014, the fasb issued new guidance which changes the prior guidance regarding the requirements for reporting discontinued operations. under the new guidance, a disposal of a component of an entity or a group of components of an entity, are required to be reported in discontinued operations if the disposal represents a strategic shift that has (or will have) a major effect on an entity's operations and financial results when any of the following occurs: 1) the component of an entity or group of components of an entity meets certain criteria to be classified as held for sale. 2) the component of an entity or group of components of an entity is disposed of by sale. 3) the component of an entity or group of components of an entity is disposed of other than by sale (for example by abandonment or in a distribution to owners in a spinoff). the new guidance requires additional disclosures about discontinued operations that meet the above criteria. this new guidance is first effective prospectively, for all disposals of components of an entity that occur commencing with the beginning of our fiscal year 2016, however early adoption is permitted in certain circumstances.  to the extent that we have any disposals of an entity or a group of components of an entity that fall
75
index within the scope of this clarifying guidance, we will evaluate the option of adopting this guidance early. given that this guidance applies to entity specific transactions, we are unable to estimate the impact, if any, this new guidance may have on our financial position or results of operations.
in may 2014, the fasb issued new guidance regarding revenue recognition. the new guidance is a comprehensive new revenue recognition model that requires a company to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer at an amount that reflects the consideration it expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. this new guidance is first effective for our financial report covering the quarter ending december 31, 2017, early adoption is not permitted. upon adoption, we may use either a full retrospective or a modified retrospective approach with respect to presentation of comparable periods prior to the effective date, we are currently evaluating which transition approach to use. in addition, we are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this new guidance will have on our financial position and results of operations.
in june 2014, the fasb issued amended guidance regarding "repo-to-maturity" transactions, as well as repurchase agreements and securities lending agreements accounted for as secured borrowings. the new guidance requires a transferor to disclose more information about certain transactions, including those in which it retains substantially all of the exposure to the economic returns of the underlying transferred asset over the transaction's term. this new guidance is first effective for our interim financial report covering the quarter ending march 31, 2015, early adoption is not permitted. we are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this new guidance will have on our financial position and results of operations.
in june 2014, the fasb issued amended guidance for the accounting for share-based payments when the terms of an award provide that a performance target could be achieved after the requisite service period. the new guidance requires that a performance target that affects vesting of an award and that could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition. this new guidance is first effective for our interim financial report covering the quarter ending december 31, 2016, early adoption is permitted. we are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this new guidance will have on our financial position and results of operations.
in august 2014, the fasb issued amended guidance that requires an entity's management to evaluate whether there are conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern. the new guidance: (1) provides for a definition of substantial doubt, (2) requires an evaluation every reporting period including interim periods, (3) provides principles for considering the mitigating effect of management's plans, (4) require certain disclosures when substantial doubt is alleviated as a result of consideration of managements plans, (5) require an express statement and other disclosures when substantial doubt is not alleviated, and (6) require an assessment for a period of one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or available to be issued). this new guidance is first effective for our interim financial report covering the quarter ending after december 31, 2016, with early adoption permitted. the adoption of this guidance is not anticipated to have any impact on our consolidated financial statements or related disclosures.
in november 2014, the fasb issued amended guidance regarding the accounting for hybrid financial instruments (which in this context would apply to any shares of rjf stock that include embedded derivative features such as conversion rights, redemption rights, voting rights, and liquidation and dividend payment preferences) issued in the form of a share. the new guidance clarifies how current gaap should be interpreted in evaluating the economic characteristics and risks of a host contract in a hybrid financial instrument that is issued in the form of a share. this new guidance is first effective for our interim financial report covering the quarter ending december 31, 2016, early adoption is permitted. we are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this new guidance will have on our financial position and results of operations.
in november 2014, the fasb issued guidance that provides an acquired entity with an option to apply pushdown accounting in its separate financial statements in the reporting period in which a change-in-control event occurs. this new guidance is effective on november 18, 2014. after the effective date, an acquired entity can make an election to apply the guidance to future change-in-control events. the adoption of this guidance is not anticipated to have any impact on our consolidated financial statements or related disclosures, but could impact certain separately issued financial statements of our subsidiaries.
off-balance sheet arrangements information concerning our off-balance sheet arrangements is included in note 27 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in this form 10-k.
76
index effects of inflation our assets are primarily liquid in nature and are not significantly affected by inflation. however, the rate of inflation affects our expenses, including employee compensation, communications and occupancy, which may not be readily recoverable through charges for services we provide to our clients.
