item 1a.  risk factors when evaluating our company and its subsidiaries, you should consider carefully the following risk factors and all other information contained in this report. these risk factors could materially adversely affect our actual results and cause such results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf. we may also be materially harmed by risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial. if any of the following occurs, our businesses, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects could be materially negatively impacted. in addition, the trading prices of our securities and those of our subsidiaries could substantially decline due to the occurrence of any of these risks. these risk factors should be read in conjunction with the other detailed information concerning our company set forth in the annual report, including, without limitation, the information set forth in the notes to consolidated financial statements and in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations." in this section, when we state that a risk or uncertainty may, could or will have a "material adverse effect" on us or may, could or will materially adversely affect us, we mean that the risk or uncertainty may, could or will have a material adverse effect on our businesses, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition, prospects and/or the trading prices of our securities.
sempra energy's cash flows, ability to pay dividends and ability to meet its debt obligations largely depend on the performance of its subsidiaries and the ability to utilize the cash flows from those subsidiaries.
sempra energy's ability to pay dividends and meet its debt obligations depends almost entirely on cash flows from its subsidiaries and, in the short term, its ability to raise capital from external sources. in the long term, cash flows from the subsidiaries depend on their ability to generate operating cash flows in excess of their own expenditures and long-term debt obligations. in addition, the subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities that are not obligated to pay dividends and could be precluded from making such distributions under certain circumstances, including, without limitation, as a result of legislation, regulation, court order, contractual restrictions or in times of financial distress.
a significant portion of our worldwide cash reserves are generated by, and therefore held in, foreign jurisdictions. some jurisdictions restrict the amount of cash that can be transferred to the united states or impose taxes and penalties on such transfers of cash, which reduces the cash available to us. in addition, we may be required to pay u.s. income taxes on earnings that are not repatriated if legislation being discussed on this matter is passed. to the extent we have excess cash in foreign locations that could be used in, or is needed by, our united states operations, we may incur significant u.s. and foreign taxes and/or penalties to repatriate these funds.
conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions generally may materially adversely affect us.
our businesses are capital intensive and we rely significantly on long-term debt to fund a portion of our capital expenditures and refund outstanding debt, and on short-term borrowings to fund a portion of day-to-day business operations.
the credit markets and financial services industry have in the past experienced periods of extreme world-wide turmoil characterized by the bankruptcy, failure, collapse or sale of many financial institutions and by extraordinary levels of government intervention and regulation.
limitations on the availability of credit and increases in interest rates or credit spreads may materially adversely affect our businesses, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects, as well as our ability to meet contractual and other commitments. in difficult credit market environments, we may find it necessary to fund our operations and capital expenditures at a higher cost or we may be unable to raise as much funding as we need to support business activities. this could cause us to reduce capital expenditures and could increase our cost of servicing debt, both of which could significantly reduce our short-term and long-term profitability.
the availability and cost of credit for our businesses may be greatly affected by credit ratings. if the credit ratings of socalgas or sdg&e were to be reduced, their cash flows and results of operations could be materially adversely affected, and any reduction in sempra energy's credit ratings could materially adversely affect the cash flows and results of operations of sempra energy and its non-california regulated utility subsidiaries. if the credit ratings of sempra energy or any of its subsidiaries were to decline, especially below investment grade, financing costs and the principal amount of borrowings would likely increase because certain counterparties may require collateral in the form of cash, a letter of credit or other forms of security for new and existing transactions. such amounts may be material and could adversely affect our cash flows, results of operations and financial condition.
sempra energy has substantial investments in mexico and south america which expose us to foreign currency, legal, tax, economic and management oversight risk.
we have foreign operations in mexico and south america. our foreign operations pose complex management, foreign currency, legal, tax and economic risks, which we may not be able to fully mitigate with our actions. these risks differ from and potentially may be greater than those associated with our domestic businesses. our international businesses are sensitive to changes in the priorities and budgets of international customers and to geo-political uncertainties, which may be driven by changes in threat environments and potentially volatile worldwide economic conditions, various regional and local economic and political factors, risks and uncertainties, as well as u.s. foreign policy. foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations may have an impact on our revenue, costs or cash flows from our international operations, which could materially adversely affect our financial performance. our primary currency exposures are to the mexican, peruvian and chilean currencies. our primary objective in reducing foreign currency risk is to preserve the economic value of our foreign investments and to reduce earnings volatility that would otherwise occur due to exchange rate fluctuations. we may attempt to offset material cross-currency transactions and earnings exposure through various means, including financial instruments and short-term investments. because we generally do not hedge our net investments in foreign countries, we are susceptible to volatility in other comprehensive income caused by exchange rate fluctuations.
risks related to all sempra energy subsidiaries our businesses are subject to complex government regulations and may be materially adversely affected by changes in these regulations or in their interpretation or implementation.
in recent years, the regulatory environment that applies to the electric power and natural gas industries has undergone significant changes, on the federal, state and local levels. these changes have affected the nature of these industries and the manner in which their participants conduct their businesses. these changes are ongoing, and we cannot predict the future course of changes in this regulatory environment or the ultimate effect that this changing regulatory environment will have on our businesses. moreover, existing regulations, laws and tariffs may be revised or reinterpreted, and new regulations, laws and tariffs may be adopted or become applicable to us and our facilities. special tariffs may also be imposed on components used in our businesses that could increase costs.
our businesses are subject to increasingly complex accounting and tax requirements, and the regulations, laws and tariffs that affect us may change in response to economic or political conditions. compliance with these requirements could increase our operating costs, and new tax legislation, regulations or other interpretations in the u.s. and other countries in which we operate could materially adversely affect our tax expense and/or tax balances. changes in regulations, laws and tariffs and changes in the way regulations, laws and tariffs are implemented and interpreted may have a material adverse effect on our businesses, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
our operations are subject to rules relating to transactions among the california utilities and other sempra energy operations. these rules are commonly referred to as the affiliate transaction rules. these businesses could be materially adversely affected by changes in these rules or to their interpretations, or by additional cpuc or ferc rules that further restrict our ability to sell electricity or natural gas, or to trade with the california utilities and with each other. affiliate transaction rules also could require us to obtain prior approval from the cpuc before entering into any such transactions with the california utilities. any such restrictions on or approval requirements for transactions among affiliates could materially adversely affect the lng terminals, natural gas pipelines, electric generation facilities, or other operations of our subsidiaries, which could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations and/or prospects.
our businesses require numerous permits, licenses and other governmental approvals from various federal, state, local and foreign governmental agencies; any failure to obtain or maintain required permits, licenses or approvals could cause our sales to materially decline and/or our costs to materially increase, and otherwise materially adversely affect our businesses, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
all of our existing and planned development projects require multiple approvals. the acquisition, construction, ownership and operation of lng terminals, natural gas pipelines and storage facilities, and electric generation and transmission facilities require numerous permits, licenses, certificates and other approvals from federal, state, local and foreign governmental agencies. once received, approvals may be subject to litigation, and projects may be delayed or approvals reversed or modified in litigation. in addition, permits, licenses, certificates, and other approvals may be modified, rescinded or fail to be extended by one or more of the governmental agencies and authorities that oversee our businesses. if there is a delay in obtaining any required regulatory approvals or failure to obtain or maintain any required approvals or to comply with any applicable laws or regulations, we may not be able to construct or operate our facilities, or we may be forced to incur additional costs. any such delay or failure to obtain or maintain the necessary permits, licenses, certificates and other approvals could cause our sales to materially decline, and/or our costs to materially increase, and otherwise materially adversely affect our businesses, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
our businesses have significant environmental compliance costs, and future environmental compliance costs could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows and results of operations.
our businesses are subject to extensive federal, state, local and foreign statutes, rules and regulations relating to environmental protection, including, in particular, climate change and greenhouse gas, or ghg, emissions. we are required to obtain numerous governmental permits, licenses, certificates and other approvals to construct and operate our businesses. additionally, to comply with these legal requirements, we must spend significant amounts on environmental monitoring, pollution control equipment, mitigation costs and emissions fees. in addition, we are generally responsible for all on-site liabilities associated with the environmental condition of our electric generation facilities and other energy projects, regardless of when the liabilities arose and whether they are known or unknown. our facilities are subject to regulations protecting migratory birds, which have recently been the subject of increased enforcement activity with respect to wind farms. failure to comply with applicable environmental laws may subject our businesses to substantial penalties and fines and/or significant curtailments of our operations, which could materially adversely affect our cash flows and/or results of operations.
the scope and effect of new environmental laws and regulations, including their effects on our current operations and future expansions, are difficult to predict. increasing international, national, regional and state-level concerns as well as new or proposed legislation and regulation may have substantial negative effects on our operations, operating costs, and the scope and economics of proposed expansion, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects. in particular, state-level laws and regulations, as well as proposed national and international legislation and regulation relating to the control and reduction of ghg emissions (including carbon dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide, hydrofluorocarbons, perfluorocarbons and sulfur hexafluoride), may materially limit or otherwise materially adversely affect our operations. the implementation of recent and proposed california and federal legislation and regulation may materially adversely affect our unregulated businesses by imposing, among other things, additional costs associated with emission limits, controls and the possible requirement of carbon taxes or the purchase of emissions credits. similarly, the california utilities may be materially adversely affected if these additional costs are not recoverable in rates. even if recoverable, the effects of existing and proposed greenhouse gas emission reduction standards may cause rates to increase to levels that substantially reduce customer demand and growth and may have a material adverse effect on the california utilities' cash flows. sdg&e may also be subject to significant penalties and fines if certain mandated renewable energy goals are not met.
in addition, existing and future laws and regulation on mercury, nitrogen and sulfur oxides, particulates, or other emissions could result in requirements for additional pollution control equipment or emission fees and taxes that could materially adversely affect our results of operations and/or cash flows. moreover, existing rules and regulations may be interpreted or revised in ways that may materially adversely affect our results of operations and/or cash flows.
we provide further discussion of these matters in notes 14 and 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in the annual report.
severe weather conditions, natural disasters, catastrophic accidents or acts of terrorism could materially adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects.
like other major industrial facilities, ours may be damaged by severe weather conditions, natural disasters such as earthquakes, tsunamis and fires, catastrophic accidents, or acts of terrorism. because we are in the business of using, storing, transporting and disposing of highly flammable and explosive materials, as well as radioactive materials, and operating highly energized equipment, the risks such incidents may pose to our facilities and infrastructure, as well as the risks to the surrounding communities are substantially greater than the risks such incidents may pose to a typical business. the facilities and infrastructure we own that may be subject to such incidents include, but are not limited to:
§ power generation plants           § natural gas, propane and ethane pipelines, storage and compression facilities

§ electric transmission and distribution   § nuclear fuel and nuclear waste storage facilities
§ lng terminals and storage                § nuclear power facilities
§ chartered lng tankers such incidents could result in severe business disruptions, significant decreases in revenues, and/or significant additional costs to us. any such incident could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects.
depending on the nature and location of the facilities and infrastructure affected, any such incident also could cause catastrophic fires, leaks, radioactive releases, explosions, spills or other significant damage to natural resources or property belonging to third parties, or cause personal injuries or fatalities. any of these consequences could lead to significant claims against us. in some cases, we may be liable for damages even though we are not at fault, and in cases where the concept of inverse condemnation applies, we may be liable for damages without being found to be at fault or to have been negligent. insurance coverage may significantly increase in cost or become unavailable for certain of these risks, and any insurance proceeds we receive may be insufficient to cover our losses or liabilities, which could materially adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects.
severe weather conditions may also impact our businesses. on january 17, 2014, the governor of california declared a state of emergency because of severe drought conditions in the state. the drought conditions in california and the western united states increase the risk of catastrophic wildfires in sdg&e's and socalgas' service territories, which could place third party property and our electric and natural gas infrastructure in jeopardy. the drought conditions also reduce the amount of power available from hydro-electric generation facilities in the northwest united states, which could adversely impact the availability of a reliable energy supply into the california electric grid managed by the california iso. if alternate supplies of electric generation are not available to replace the lower level of power available from hydro-electric generation facilities, this could result in temporary power shortages in sdg&e's service territory.
our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows may be materially adversely affected by the outcome of pending litigation against us.
sempra energy and its subsidiaries are defendants in numerous lawsuits and arbitration proceedings. we have spent, and continue to spend, substantial amounts of money and time defending these lawsuits and proceedings, and in related investigations and regulatory proceedings. we discuss these proceedings in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in the annual report. the uncertainties inherent in lawsuits, arbitrations and other legal proceedings make it difficult to estimate with any degree of certainty the costs and effects of resolving these matters. in addition, juries have demonstrated a willingness to grant large awards, including punitive damages, in personal injury, product liability, property damage and other claims. accordingly, actual costs incurred may differ materially from insured or reserved amounts and may not be recoverable in whole or in part from our customers, which in each case could materially adversely affect our businesses, cash flows, results of operations and/or financial condition.
we cannot and do not attempt to fully hedge our assets or contract positions against changes in commodity prices. in addition, for those contract positions that are hedged, our hedging procedures may not mitigate our risk as planned.
to reduce financial exposure related to commodity price fluctuations, we may enter into contracts to hedge our known or anticipated purchase and sale commitments, inventories of natural gas and lng, electric generation capacity, and natural gas storage and pipeline capacity. as part of this strategy, we may use forward contracts, physical purchase and sales contracts, futures, financial swaps, and options. we do not hedge the entire exposure to market price volatility of our assets or our contract positions, and the coverage will vary over time. to the extent we have unhedged positions, or if our hedging strategies do not work as planned, fluctuating commodity prices could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and/or financial condition.
in addition, certain of the contracts we use for hedging purposes are subject to fair value accounting. such accounting may result in gains or losses in earnings for that contract. in certain cases, these gains or losses may not reflect the associated losses or gains of the underlying position being hedged.
risk management procedures may not prevent losses.
although we have in place risk management systems and control systems that use advanced methodologies to quantify and manage risk, these systems may not always prevent material losses. risk management procedures may not always be followed as required by our businesses or may not always work as planned. in addition, daily value-at-risk and loss limits are based on historic price movements. if prices significantly or persistently deviate from historic prices, the limits may not protect us from significant losses. as a result of these and other factors, there is no assurance that our risk management procedures will prevent losses that would materially adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and/or financial condition.
the operation of our facilities depends on good labor relations with our employees.
several of our businesses have entered into and have in place collective bargaining agreements with different labor unions. our collective bargaining agreements are generally negotiated on a facility-by-facility basis.
any failure to reach an agreement on new labor contracts or to negotiate these labor contracts might result in strikes, boycotts or other labor disruptions. these potential labor disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations and/or cash flows. labor disruptions, strikes or significant negotiated wage and benefit increases, whether due to union activities, employee turnover or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations and/or cash flows.
new business technologies present a risk for attacks on our information systems and the integrity of our energy grid and our natural gas pipeline infrastructure and storage.
cybersecurity and the protection of our operations and other activities and our customer and employee information are a priority at sempra energy, sdg&e and socalgas. in addition to general information and cyber risks that all fortune 500 corporations face (e.g. malware, malicious intent by insiders and inadvertent disclosure of sensitive information), the utility industry faces evolving cybersecurity risks associated with protecting sensitive and confidential customer information, smart grid infrastructure, and natural gas pipeline and storage infrastructure. deployment of new business technologies represents a new and large-scale opportunity for attacks on our information systems and confidential customer information, as well as on the integrity of the energy grid and the natural gas infrastructure. while our computer systems have been, and will likely continue to be, subjected to computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access attempts, and cyber- or phishing-attacks, to date we have not experienced a material breach of cybersecurity. addressing these risks is the subject of significant ongoing activities across sempra energy's businesses, but we cannot ensure that a successful attack will not occur. an attack on our information systems, unauthorized access to confidential customer information, the integrity of the energy grid or the natural gas infrastructure, or one of our facilities could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
in the ordinary course of business, sempra energy and its subsidiaries collect and retain sensitive information, including personal identification information about customers and employees, customer energy usage and other information. the theft, damage or improper disclosure of sensitive electronic data can subject us to penalties for violation of applicable privacy laws, subject us to claims from third parties, require compliance with notification and monitoring regulations, and harm our reputation.
finally, as seen with recent cyber-attacks on u.s. corporations, the goal of a cyber-attack may be primarily to inflict large scale harm on a company and the places where it operates. any such cyber-attack could cause widespread disruptions to our operating and administrative systems, including the destruction of critical information and programming, that could materially adversely affect our business operations and the integrity of the power grid, and/or release confidential information about our company and our customers, employees and other constituents.
our businesses will need to continue to adapt to technological change which may cause us to incur significant expenditures to adapt to these changes and which efforts may not be successful.
we expect that emerging technologies may be superior to, or may not be compatible with, some of our existing technologies, investments and infrastructure, and may require us to make significant expenditures to remain competitive or result in the obsolescence of certain operating assets. our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate and successfully adapt to technological changes, to offer services that meet customer demands and evolving industry standards and to recover all, or a significant portion of, any unrecovered investment in obsolete assets. if we incur significant expenditures in adapting to technological changes, fail to adapt to significant technological changes, fail to obtain access to important new technologies, or fail to recover a significant portion of any remaining investment in obsolete assets, our businesses, operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. examples of technological changes that could impact our businesses include
§   california utilities-technologies that could change the utilization of natural gas distribution and electric generation, transmission and distribution assets including

□   efficient battery storage technology, combined with

□   the expanded cost-effective utilization of distributed generation (e.g., rooftop solar and community solar projects).

§   sempra u.s. gas &amp; power

□   at sempra renewables, technological advances in distributed and local power generation and energy storage could reduce the demand for large-scale renewable electricity generation. sempra renewables' power sales customers' ability to perform under long-term agreements could be impacted by changes in utility rate structures and advances in distributed and local power generation.

□   at sempra natural gas, technological advances in alternative fuels and other alternative energy sources could reduce the demand for natural gas.

□   at our lng businesses, technologies that lower global natural gas and lng consumption would have the greatest impact on the business. these technologies include cost effective batteries for renewable electricity generation, economic improvements to gas-to-liquids conversion processes, and advances associated with seabed or arctic gas hydrate exploitation.

risks related to the california utilities the california utilities are subject to extensive regulation by state, federal and local legislative and regulatory authorities, which may materially adversely affect us.
the cpuc regulates the california utilities' rates, except sdg&e's electric transmission rates which are regulated by the ferc. the cpuc also regulates the california utilities':
§ conditions of service       § rates of depreciation

§ capital structure       § long-term resource procurement
§ rates of return         § sales of securities the cpuc conducts various reviews and audits of utility performance, safety standards and practices, compliance with cpuc regulations and standards, affiliate relationships and other matters. these reviews and audits may result in disallowances, fines and penalties that could materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. socalgas and sdg&e may be subject to penalties or fines related to their operation of natural gas pipelines and, for sdg&e, electric operations, under new regulations concerning natural gas pipeline safety and new citation programs concerning both gas and electric safety, which could have a material adverse effect on their results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows. we discuss various cpuc proceedings relating to the california utilities' rates, costs, incentive mechanisms, and performance-based regulation in notes 13 and 14 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in the annual report.
the california utilities may invest a significant amount of money in a major capital project prior to receiving regulatory approval. if the project does not receive regulatory approval, if the regulatory approval is conditioned on major changes, or if management decides not to proceed with the project, they may be unable to recover all amounts invested in that project, which could materially adversely affect their financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects.
the cpuc periodically approves the california utilities' rates based on authorized capital expenditures, operating costs, including income taxes, and an authorized rate of return on investment. if actual capital expenditures and/or operating costs were to exceed the amounts approved by the cpuc, our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and/or prospects could be materially adversely affected. reductions in key benchmark interest rates may trigger automatic adjustment mechanisms which would reduce the california utilities' authorized rates of return, changes in which could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and/or prospects.
the cpuc applies performance-based measures and mechanisms to all california utilities. under these, earnings potential over authorized base margins is tied to achieving or exceeding specific performance and operating goals, and reductions in authorized base margins are tied to not achieving specific performance and operating goals. at both of the california utilities, the areas that are currently eligible for performance mechanisms are operational activities designated by the cpuc and energy efficiency programs; at sdg&e, electric reliability performance; and, at socalgas, natural gas procurement and unbundled natural gas storage and system operator hub services. although the california utilities have received incentive awards in the past, there can be no assurance that they will receive awards in the future, or that any future awards earned would be in amounts comparable to prior periods. additionally, if the california utilities fail to achieve certain minimum performance levels established under such mechanisms, they may be assessed financial disallowances, penalties and fines which could have a material adverse effect on their results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows.
the ferc regulates electric transmission rates, the transmission and wholesale sales of electricity in interstate commerce, transmission access, the rates of return on investments in electric transmission assets, and other similar matters involving sdg&e.
the california utilities may be materially adversely affected by new legislation, regulations, decisions, orders or interpretations of the cpuc, the ferc or other regulatory bodies. new legislation, regulations, decisions, orders or interpretations could change how they operate, could affect their ability to recover various costs through rates or adjustment mechanisms, or could require them to incur substantial additional expenses.
the construction and expansion of the california utilities' natural gas pipelines, socalgas' storage facilities, and sdg&e's electric transmission and distribution facilities require numerous permits, licenses and other approvals from federal, state and local governmental agencies. if there are delays in obtaining these approvals, or failure to obtain or maintain these approvals, or to comply with applicable laws or regulations, the california utilities' businesses, cash flows, results of operations, financial condition and/or prospects could be materially adversely affected. coordinating these projects so that they are on time and within budget requires competent execution from our employees and contractors, cooperation of third parties and the absence of litigation and regulatory delay. in the event that one or more of these major projects is delayed or experiences significant cost overruns, this could have a material adverse effect on the california utilities.
our california utilities are also affected by the activities of organizations such as the utility reform network (turn), utility consumers' action network (ucan) and other stakeholder and advocacy groups. operations that may be influenced by these groups include
§   the rates charged to our customers;

§   our ability to site and construct new facilities;

§   our ability to purchase or construct generating facilities;

§   safety;

§   the issuance of securities;

§   accounting matters;

§   transactions between affiliates;

§   the installation of environmental emission controls equipment;

§   our ability to decommission generating facilities and recover the remaining carrying value of such facilities and related costs;

§   the amount of certain sources of energy we must use, such as renewable sources, and programs to encourage reductions in energy usage by customers; and

§   the amount of costs associated with these operations that may be recovered from customers.

natural gas pipeline safety assessments may not be fully or adequately recovered in rates.
pending the outcome of various regulatory agency evaluations of natural gas pipeline safety regulations, practices and procedures, the california utilities may incur substantial incremental expense and capital investment associated with their natural gas pipeline operations and investments, including under sdg&e's and socalgas' pipeline safety enhancement plan (psep) currently estimated to be $2.1 billion ($1.6 billion for socalgas and $500 million for sdg&e) over 10 years for the first phase of this project.
in june 2014, the cpuc issued a final decision in the triennial cost allocation proceeding (tcap) addressing sdg&e's and socalgas' psep that approved the utilities' model for implementing psep, and established the criteria to determine the amounts related to psep that may be recovered from ratepayers and the processes for recovery of such amounts, including providing that such costs are subject to a reasonableness review. in july 2014, the cpuc office of ratepayer advocates (ora) and turn filed a joint application for rehearing of the cpuc's june 2014 final decision.
if the cpuc were to decide as part of any future reasonableness review that rate recovery not be allowed for certain gas pipeline safety costs incurred by sdg&e and socalgas, or if the cpuc were to decide in favor of the ora/turn joint application for rehearing, it could materially adversely affect the respective company's cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
we provide additional information in note 14 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in the annual report.
the california utilities are subject to increasingly stringent safety standards and the potential for significant penalties if regulators deem either sdg&e or socalgas to be out of compliance.
the california state senate passed legislation in 2013 (sb 291) which requires the cpuc to develop and maintain a safety enforcement program that includes procedures for monitoring, data tracking and analysis, and investigations, as well as delegates citation authority to cpuc staff personnel under the direction of the cpuc executive director. this legislation requires the cpuc to implement the enforcement program for natural gas safety by july 1, 2014 and for electric safety by january 1, 2015. in exercising the citation authority, the cpuc staff will take into account voluntary reporting of potential violations, voluntary resolution efforts undertaken, prior history of violations, the gravity of the violation, and the degree of culpability. the cpuc is planning to adopt an administrative limit on the maximum monetary penalty that may be set by the cpuc staff.
in may 2014, the cpuc initiated a rulemaking proceeding to develop the necessary enforcement programs pursuant to the requirements of sb 291, with the cpuc issuing a decision on the electric safety enforcement program in the fourth quarter of 2014. we expect a cpuc decision making future refinements to the electric and gas safety programs in 2015.
in december 2011, the cpuc adopted a natural gas safety citation program whereby natural gas distribution companies can be fined by cpuc staff for violations of the cpuc's safety standards or federal standards. each day of an ongoing violation may be counted as an additional offense. the maximum penalty is $50,000 per offense. in september 2013, the cpuc issued standard operating procedures setting forth its principles and management process for the gas safety citation program.
if the cpuc or its staff determine that either of sdg&e's or socalgas' operations and practices are not in compliance with the safety standards, the corrective actions required to be in conformance and any penalties imposed could materially adversely affect the respective company's cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
meaningful rate reform is necessary because the current multi-tiered electric rate design in california results in a disproportionately high amount of sdg&e's fixed cost of operating and maintaining its electric infrastructure being borne by higher use consumers in the residential customer class, which results in excessively high electric rates that indirectly subsidize lower use consumers in the residential customer class. the failure by the cpuc to reform sdg&e's rate structure in a relevant manner could have a material adverse effect on its business, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
the current electric rate structure in california places an undue burden on residential customers with higher electric use while subsidizing lower use customers. in addition, due to current rate structures and state policies, customers who self-generate their own power (primarily solar installations) currently do not pay their proportionate cost of maintaining and operating the electric transmission and distribution system, subject to certain limitations, while they still receive power from the system when their self-generation is inadequate to meet their electricity needs. as more higher electric use residential customers switch to self-generation or obtain local off-the-grid sources of power, the burden on the remaining higher electric use customers increases, which in turn encourages more self-generation and increases rate pressures. in addition, the increase of solar, other forms of self-generation and other local off-the-grid sources of power adversely impacts the reliability of the electric transmission and distribution system. over the mid- to long-term, this rate structure is unsustainable. on january 1, 2014, ab 327 became effective. this law restores to the cpuc the authority to establish electric rates for electric utility companies in california and removes the rate caps established in ab 1x adopted in early 2001 during california's energy crisis, as well as senate bill 695 adopted in 2009. additionally, the law provides the cpuc with the authority to adopt up to a $10.00 monthly fixed charge for all residential customers effective january 1, 2015. in february 2014, sdg&e filed comprehensive proposals with the cpuc that provide a roadmap to reforming electric residential rate base design beginning in 2015 and continuing through 2018, consistent with the provisions of ab 327. the cpuc will implement ab 327 through its current order instituting rulemaking proceeding regarding electric rate reform.
in july 2014, the cpuc initiated a rulemaking proceeding to develop a successor tariff to the state's existing net energy metering (nem) program pursuant to the provisions of ab 327, which require the cpuc to establish a revised nem tariff or similar program by december 31, 2015. the nem program is an electric billing tariff mechanism designed to promote the installation of on-site renewable generation. it was originally established in california in 1995 with the adoption of senate bill 656, as codified in section 2827 of the public utilities code. currently, customers who install and operate eligible renewable generation facilities of 1 megawatt or less may choose to participate in the nem program. under nem, customer-generators receive a full retail-rate bill credit for the power they generate that is fed back to the utility's power grid and during times when the customer's generation exceeds their own energy usage. meaningful rate reform is necessary to ensure that sdg&e is authorized to recover its costs in providing services to nem customers due to, among other issues, the increased power supply from renewable energy sources and the growth in distributed and local power generation.
if the cpuc fails to reform rate structures to maintain reasonable, cost-based electric rates that are competitive with alternative sources of power and adequate to maintain the reliability of the electric transmission and distribution system, such failure could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
recovery of 2007 wildfire litigation costs requires future regulatory approval.
sdg&e is seeking to recover in rates its reasonably incurred costs of resolving 2007 wildfire claims in excess of its liability insurance coverage and amounts recovered from third parties. through december 31, 2014, sdg&e's costs to settle these claims and its estimated future settlement costs and defense costs have exceeded its liability insurance coverage and the amounts recovered from third-parties. sdg&e has concluded that it is probable that sdg&e will be permitted to recover a substantial portion of these excess costs in rates, and at december 31, 2014, sempra energy's and sdg&e's consolidated balance sheets include assets of $373 million in other regulatory assets, of which $366 million is related to cpuc-regulated operations and $7 million is related to ferc-regulated operations, with respect to these excess costs. however, recovery of these amounts in rates will require future regulatory approval.
in december 2012, the cpuc issued a final decision allowing sdg&e to maintain its authorized memorandum account, enabling sdg&e to file applications with the cpuc requesting recovery of amounts properly recorded in the memorandum account, subject to reasonableness review, at a later date. for a description of this proceeding and information about 2007 wildfire litigation costs and their recovery, see notes 14 and 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in the annual report.
sdg&e will continue to assess the probability of recovery of these excess wildfire costs in rates. should sdg&e conclude that recovery in rates is no longer probable, sdg&e will record a charge against earnings at the time such conclusion is reached. if sdg&e had concluded that the recovery of regulatory assets related to cpuc-regulated operations was no longer probable or was less than currently estimated as of december 31, 2014, the resulting after-tax charge against earnings would have been up to $217 million.
as noted above, recovery of excess wildfire costs in rates will require future regulatory approval, and a failure to obtain all or a significant portion of the expected recovery, or a conclusion that recovery in rates is no longer probable, would likely have a material adverse effect on sempra energy's and sdg&e's cash flows, financial condition and/or results of operations. in addition, if recovery is permitted, the collection process may extend over a number of years. we discuss how we assess the probability of recovery of our regulatory assets in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in the annual report.
sdg&e may incur substantial costs and liabilities as a result of its partial ownership of a nuclear facility.
sdg&e has a 20-percent ownership interest in songs, a 2,150-mw nuclear generating facility near san clemente, california, operated by southern california edison company, or edison. the nrc has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing and safety-related requirements for the operation of nuclear generation facilities. on june 6, 2013, edison notified sdg&e that it had reached a decision to permanently retire songs' units 2 and 3 and seek approval from the nrc to start the decommissioning activities for the entire facility. although the facility will be decommissioned in the future, sdg&e's ownership interest in songs continues to subject it to the risks of owning a partial interest in a nuclear generation facility, which include
§   the potential that a natural disaster such as an earthquake or tsunami could cause a catastrophic failure of the safety systems in place that are designed to prevent the release of radioactive material. if such a failure were to occur, a substantial amount of radiation could be released and cause catastrophic harm to human health and the environment;

§   the potential harmful effects on the environment and human health resulting from the prior operation of nuclear facilities and the storage, handling and disposal of radioactive materials;

§   limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available to cover losses that might arise in connection with operations and the decommissioning of the facility; and

§   uncertainties with respect to the technological and financial aspects of decommissioning the facility.

in addition, sdg&e maintains two trusts for the purposes of providing funds to decommission songs. up to approximately 32 percent of the trust assets has been generally invested in equity securities, which are subject to market fluctuation. a decline in the market value of trust assets or an adverse change in the law regarding funding requirements for decommissioning trusts could increase the funding requirements for these trusts, which in each case may not be fully recoverable in rates. furthermore, cpuc approval is required in order to make withdrawals from these trusts. sdg&e may not receive these approvals during periods where cash is required to be expended for decommissioning, and approval for certain expenditures may be denied by the cpuc altogether if the cpuc determines that the expenditures are unreasonable. finally, decommissioning may be materially more expensive than we currently anticipate and therefore may exceed the amounts in the trust funds. recovery for those overruns would require cpuc approval, which may not occur.
the occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on sdg&e's and sempra energy's businesses, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
risks related to our sempra international and sempra u.s. gas & power businesses our businesses are exposed to market risks, including fluctuations in commodity prices, and our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects may be materially adversely affected by these risks. energy-related commodity prices impact lng liquefaction and regasification, the transport and storage of natural gas, and power generation from renewable and conventional sources, among other businesses that we operate.
we buy energy-related commodities from time to time, for power plants or for lng terminals to satisfy contractual obligations with customers, in regional markets and other competitive markets in which we compete. our revenues and results of operations could be materially adversely affected if the prevailing market prices for electricity, natural gas, lng or other commodities that we buy change in a direction or manner not anticipated and for which we had not provided adequately through purchase or sale commitments or other hedging transactions.
sempra mexico, sempra renewables and sempra natural gas generate electricity that they sell under long-term contracts and into the spot market or other competitive markets. sempra mexico and sempra natural gas purchase natural gas to fuel their power plants and may also purchase electricity in the open market to satisfy their contractual obligations. as part of their risk management strategy, they may hedge a substantial portion of their electricity sales and natural gas purchases to manage their portfolios, which subjects us to the risk that the counterparty to such hedge may be unable to fulfill its obligations. such a failure could materially adversely affect our cash flows, financial condition and/or results of operations. sempra natural gas' generation asset, the remaining 625-mw block of the mesquite power plant, is currently held for sale and we expect to complete a pending sale in the first half of 2015, subject to obtaining third party consents for the assignment of an associated 25-year power sales contract to the buyer. we discuss the pending sale in note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in the annual report.
unanticipated changes in market prices for energy-related commodities result from multiple factors, including:
§   weather conditions

§   seasonality

§   changes in supply and demand

§   transmission or transportation constraints or inefficiencies

§   availability of competitively priced alternative energy sources

§   commodity production levels

§   actions by oil and natural gas producing nations or organizations affecting the global supply of crude oil and natural gas

§   federal, state and foreign energy and environmental regulation and legislation

§   natural disasters, wars, embargoes and other catastrophic events

§   expropriation of assets by foreign countries

the ferc has jurisdiction over wholesale power and transmission rates, independent system operators, and other entities that control transmission facilities or that administer wholesale power sales in some of the markets in which we operate. the ferc may impose additional price limitations, bidding rules and other mechanisms, or terminate existing price limitations from time to time. any such action by the ferc may result in prices for electricity changing in an unanticipated direction or manner and, as a result, may have a material adverse effect on our businesses, cash flows, results of operations and/or prospects.
when our businesses enter into fixed-price long-term contracts to provide services or commodities, they are exposed to inflationary pressures such as rising commodity prices, and interest rate risks.
sempra mexico, sempra renewables and sempra natural gas generally endeavor to secure long-term contracts with customers for services and commodities to optimize the use of their facilities, reduce volatility in earnings, and support the construction of new infrastructure. however, if these contracts are at fixed prices, the profitability of the contract may be materially adversely affected by inflationary pressures, including rising operational costs, costs of labor, materials, equipment and commodities, and rising interest rates that affect financing costs. we may try to mitigate these risks by using variable pricing tied to market indices, anticipating an escalation in costs when bidding on projects, providing for cost escalation, providing for direct pass-through of operating costs or entering into hedges. however, these measures, if implemented, may not ensure that the increase in revenues they provide will fully offset increases in operating expenses and/or financing costs. the failure to so fully or substantially offset these increases could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows and/or results of operations.
business development activities may not be successful and projects under construction may not commence operation as scheduled or be completed within budget, which could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and/or prospects.
the acquisition, development, construction and expansion of lng terminals, natural gas, propane and ethane pipelines and storage facilities, electric generation and transmission facilities, and other energy infrastructure projects involve numerous risks. we may be required to spend significant sums for preliminary engineering, permitting, fuel supply, resource exploration, legal, and other expenses before we can determine whether a project is feasible, economically attractive, or capable of being built.
success in developing a particular project is contingent upon, among other things:
§   negotiation of satisfactory engineering, procurement and construction agreements

§   negotiation of supply and natural gas sales agreements or firm capacity service agreements

§   timely receipt of required governmental permits, licenses, authorizations, and rights of way and maintenance or extension of these authorizations

§   timely implementation and satisfactory completion of construction

§   obtaining adequate and reasonably priced financing for the project

successful completion of a particular project may be materially adversely affected by, among other factors:
§   unforeseen engineering problems

§   construction delays and contractor performance shortfalls

§   work stoppages

§   failure to obtain, maintain or extend required governmental permits, licenses, authorizations, and rights of way

§   equipment unavailability or delay and cost increases

§   adverse weather conditions

§   environmental and geological conditions

§   litigation

§   unsettled property rights

if we are unable to complete a development project or if we have substantial delays or cost overruns, this could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and/or prospects.
the operation of existing and future facilities also involves many risks, including the breakdown or failure of electric generation or natural gas regasification, liquefaction and storage facilities or other equipment or processes, labor disputes, fuel interruption, environmental contamination and operating performance below expected levels. in addition, weather-related incidents and other natural disasters can disrupt generation, regasification, liquefaction, storage and transmission systems. the occurrence of any of these events could lead to our facilities being idled for an extended period of time or our facilities operating well below expected capacity levels, which may result in lost revenues or increased expenses, including higher maintenance costs and penalties. such occurrences could materially adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and/or prospects.
with respect to our project to add lng export capability at the cameron lng facility, the newly formed joint venture, cameron lng holdings, llc (cameron lng holdings), has begun building an lng export facility consisting of three liquefaction trains with a total nameplate capacity of 13.5 million tonnes per annum (mtpa) of lng with an expected export capability of 12 mtpa of lng, or approximately 1.7 bcf per day. the anticipated incremental investment in the three-train liquefaction project is estimated to be approximately $7 billion, excluding capitalized interest and other financing costs. while our joint venture partners made a final investment decision to proceed, our joint venture became effective and financing was procured for the project, there are still a number of risks to completing this project. cameron lng holdings has a turnkey engineering, procurement and construction (epc) contract with a joint venture contractor comprised of subsidiaries of chicago bridge & iron company n.v. and chiyoda corporation, who are jointly and severally liable for performance under the contract. if the contractor becomes unwilling or unable to perform according to the terms and timetable of the epc contract, cameron lng holdings would be required to engage a substitute contractor, which would result in project delays and in increased costs. the construction of this facility requires a large and specialized work force, necessary equipment and materials, and sophisticated engineering. there can be no assurance that cameron lng holdings' contractor will not encounter delays due to disruptions in obtaining the necessary equipment and materials, inability to field the necessary workforce, or engineering issues that were not contemplated. as construction progresses, cameron lng holdings may decide or be forced to submit change orders to the contractor that could result in longer construction periods and higher construction costs or both. in addition, weather conditions, new regulation, labor disputes, breakdown or failure of equipment, and litigation, such as the lawsuit filed by the sierra club and gulf restoration network challenging the june 19, 2014 ferc order that approved the construction of the cameron lng liquefaction project, could substantially delay the project. as we do not control cameron lng holdings, we are dependent on reaching a consensus with one or more of our joint venture partners to resolve a variety of issues that could transpire. the inability to timely resolve issues, including construction issues, could cause substantial delays to the completion of this project. a substantial delay could result in cost overruns, substantially postpone the earnings we anticipate deriving from this facility, and require additional cash investments by us and our joint venture partners. the anticipated cost of this project is based on a number of assumptions that may prove incorrect, and the ultimate cost could significantly exceed the current estimate of approximately $7 billion of incremental investment, excluding capitalized interest and other financing costs. these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and/or prospects.
we face many challenges to develop and complete our contemplated lng export facilities.
in addition to the three-train cameron liquefaction facility described above, we are looking at several other lng export terminal development opportunities, including a greenfield project in port arthur, texas, a brownfield project at our existing energía costa azul regasification facility in baja california, mexico and an expansion of up to two additional liquefaction trains to the cameron facility. each of these contemplated projects faces numerous risks and must overcome significant hurdles before we can proceed with construction. common to all of these projects is the risk that an extended decline in current and forward projections of crude oil prices could reduce the demand for natural gas in some sectors and cause a corresponding reduction in projected global demand for lng. this could result in increased competition among those working on projects in an environment of declining lng demand, such as the sempra energy-sponsored export initiatives. such reduction in natural gas demand could also occur from higher penetration of coal in new power generation, which could also lead to increased competition among the lng suppliers for the declining lng demand. oil prices at certain moderate levels, could also make lng projects in other parts of the world still feasible and competitive with lng projects from north america, thus increasing supply and the competition for the available lng demand. a decline in natural gas prices outside the united states (which in many foreign countries are based on the price of crude oil) may also materially adversely affect the relative pricing advantage that has existed in recent years in favor of domestic natural gas prices (based on henry hub pricing). in addition, all of our proposed projects require the receipt of a number of permits and regulatory approvals, finding suitable partners and customers, obtaining financing, and negotiating suitable construction contracts.
expansion of the cameron lng facility beyond the first three trains is subject to certain restrictions and conditions under the joint venture project financing agreements. furthermore, there are a number of potential new projects contemplated by various developers in north america, in addition to ours, and given the projected global demand for lng, the vast majority of these projects likely will not be completed. with respect to our port arthur, texas project, this is a greenfield site, and therefore it may not have the cost advantages often associated with brownfield sites. the energía costa azul facility in mexico is subject to on-going land and permitting disputes that could make project financing difficult as well as finding suitable partners and customers. in addition, while we have completed the regulatory process for an lng export facility in the u.s., the regulatory process in mexico and the overlay of u.s. regulations for natural gas exports to an lng export facility in mexico are not well developed. there can be no assurance that such a facility could be permitted and constructed without facing significant legal challenges and uncertainties, which in turn could make project financing difficult as well as finding suitable partners and customers. finally, energía costa azul has profitable long-term regasification contracts for 100 percent of the facility, making the decision to pursue a new liquefaction facility dependent in part on whether the investment in a new liquefaction facility would be more profitable than just continuing to supply regasification services under our existing contracts.
there can be no assurance that our contemplated lng export facilities will be completed, and our inability to complete one or more of our contemplated lng export facilities could have a material adverse effect on our future cash flows, results of operations and prospects.
increased competition could materially adversely affect us.
the markets in which we operate are characterized by numerous strong and capable competitors, many of whom may have extensive and diversified developmental and/or operating experience (including both domestic and international) and financial resources similar to or greater than ours. further, in recent years, the natural gas pipeline, storage and lng market segments have been characterized by strong and increasing competition both with respect to winning new development projects and acquiring existing assets. in mexico, despite the commissioning of many new energy infrastructure projects by the federal electricity commission (comisión federal de electricidad, or cfe) and other governmental agencies in connection with energy reforms, competition for recent pipeline projects has been intense with numerous bidders competing aggressively for these projects. there can be no assurance that we will be successful in bidding for new development opportunities in the u.s., mexico or south america. in addition, as noted above, there are a number of potential new lng liquefaction projects contemplated by various developers in north america, including our contemplated new projects, and given the projected global demand for lng, the vast majority of these projects likely will not be completed. finally, our natural gas storage assets in the gulf coast region compete with other facilities for storage customers as existing contracts expire and for anchor customers that could support development of new capacity. these competitive factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects.
we may elect not to, or may not be able to, enter into, extend or replace expiring long-term supply and sales agreements or long-term firm capacity agreements for our projects, which would subject our revenues to increased volatility and our businesses to increased competition. such long-term contracts, once entered into, increase our credit risk if our counterparties fail to perform or become unable to meet their contractual obligations on a timely basis due to bankruptcy, insolvency, or otherwise.
the energía costa azul lng facility and the cameron lng facility (within the newly formed cameron lng holdings joint venture) have entered into long-term capacity agreements. under these agreements, customers pay capacity reservation and usage fees to receive, store and regasify the customer's lng. we also may enter into short-term and/or long-term supply agreements to purchase lng to be received, stored and regasified for sale to other parties. the long-term supply agreement contracts are expected to reduce our exposure to changes in natural gas prices through corresponding natural gas sales agreements or by tying lng supply prices to prevailing natural gas market price indices. if the counterparties, customers or suppliers to one or more of the key agreements for the lng facilities were to fail to perform or become unable to meet their contractual obligations on a timely basis, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects.
at cameron lng holdings, although the cameron lng terminal is partially contracted for regasification, there is a termination agreement in place that will result in the termination of this agreement at the point in the construction of the new liquefaction facilities where piping tie-ins to the existing regasification terminal become necessary, which we expect to occur during the first quarter of 2017.
sempra mexico's and sempra natural gas' ability to enter into or replace existing long-term firm capacity agreements for their natural gas pipeline operations are dependent on demand for and supply of lng and/or natural gas from their transportation customers, which may include our lng facilities. a significant sustained decrease in demand for and supply of lng and/or natural gas from such customers could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects.
sempra natural gas owns a 25-percent interest in rockies express pipeline llc (rockies express), a partnership that operates a natural gas pipeline, the rockies express pipeline (rex). rockies express has agreements for west-to-east capacity on rex that expire in 2019 and new contracting activity related to that capacity may not be sufficient to replace the revenues from the expiring agreements. sempra natural gas also has an agreement for such capacity that expires in 2019. the capacity costs are offset by revenues from releases of the capacity to third-parties. contracting activity related to that capacity has not been sufficient to offset all of our capacity payments to rockies express.
historically, the value of natural gas storage services has positively correlated with the difference between the seasonal prices of natural gas, among other factors. in general, over the past several years, seasonal differences in natural gas prices have declined, which have contributed to lower prices for storage services. as our legacy (higher rate) sales contracts mature at our bay gas storage company, ltd. (bay gas) and mississippi hub, llc (mississippi hub) facilities, replacement sales contract rates could be lower than has historically been the case. lower sales revenues may not be offset by cost reductions, which could lead to depressed asset values. in addition, our la storage, llc (la storage) development project may be unable to either attract cash flow commitments sufficient to support further investment or extend its ferc construction permit beyond its expiration date of june 2015. the la storage project also includes an existing 23.3-mile pipeline header system, the la storage pipeline, that is uncontracted. market conditions could result in the need to perform recovery testing of our recorded asset values. in the event such values are not recoverable, we would consider the fair value of these assets relative to their recorded value. to the extent the book value is in excess of the fair value, we would record an impairment charge. the book value of our equity in natural gas storage assets at december 31, 2014 was $1.3 billion, excluding intercompany loans to the projects totaling approximately $250 million. a significant impairment charge related to our natural gas storage assets would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in the period in which it is recorded. a noncash impairment charge would reduce our book basis in the associated assets.
the electric generation and wholesale power sales industries are highly competitive. as more plants are built and competitive pressures increase, wholesale electricity prices may become more volatile. without the benefit of long-term power sales agreements, our revenues may be subject to increased price volatility, and we may be unable to sell the power that sempra natural gas' and sempra mexico's facilities are capable of producing or to sell it at favorable prices, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects.
we provide information about these matters in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and in notes 4, 10 and 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in the annual report.
our businesses depend on counterparties, business partners, customers, and suppliers performing in accordance with their agreements. if they fail to so perform, we could incur substantial expenses and business disruptions and be exposed to commodity price risk and volatility, which could materially adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and/or prospects.
our businesses, and the businesses that we invest in, are exposed to the risk that counterparties, business partners, customers, and suppliers that owe money or commodities as a result of market transactions or other long-term agreements or arrangements will not perform their obligations in accordance with such agreements or arrangements. should they fail to so perform, we may be required to acquire alternative hedging arrangements or to honor the underlying commitment at then-current market prices. in such event, we may incur additional losses to the extent of amounts already paid to such counterparties or suppliers. in addition, many such agreements are important for the conduct and growth of our businesses. the failure of any of the parties to perform in accordance with these agreements could materially adversely affect our businesses, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and/or prospects. finally, we often extend credit to counterparties and customers. while we perform significant credit analyses prior to extending credit, we are exposed to the risk that we may not be able to collect amounts owed to us.
sempra mexico's and sempra natural gas' obligations and those of their suppliers for lng supplies are contractually subject to (1) suspension or termination for "force majeure" events beyond the control of the parties; and (2) substantial limitations of remedies for other failures to perform, including limitations on damages to amounts that could be substantially less than those necessary to provide full recovery of costs for breach of the agreements, which in either event could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows, financial condition and/or prospects.
legal actions challenging our property rights could materially adversely affect our businesses, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and/or prospects.
we are engaged in disputes regarding our title to the properties on and adjacent to our lng terminal in mexico, as we discuss in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in the annual report. in the event that we are unable to defend and retain title to the properties on which our lng terminal is located, we could lose our rights to occupy and use such properties and the related terminal, which could result in breaches of one or more permits or contracts that we have entered into with respect to such terminal. in addition, our ability to convert the lng terminal into an export facility may be hindered by these disputes, and they could make project financing such a facility and finding suitable partners and customers very difficult. if we are unable to occupy and use such properties and the related terminal, it could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and/or prospects.
we rely on transportation assets and services, much of which we do not own or control, to deliver electricity and natural gas.
we depend on electric transmission lines, natural gas pipelines, and other transportation facilities owned and operated by third parties to:
§   deliver the electricity and natural gas we sell to wholesale markets,

§   supply natural gas to our gas storage and electric generation facilities, and

§   provide retail energy services to customers.

sempra mexico and sempra natural gas also depend on natural gas pipelines to interconnect with their ultimate source or customers of the commodities they are transporting. sempra mexico and sempra natural gas also rely on specialized ships to transport lng to their facilities and on natural gas pipelines to transport natural gas for customers of the facilities. sempra natural gas, sempra renewables, sempra south american utilities and sempra mexico rely on transmission lines to sell electricity to their customers. if transportation is disrupted, or if capacity is inadequate, we may be unable to sell and deliver our commodities, electricity and other services to some or all of our customers. as a result, we may be responsible for damages incurred by our customers, such as the additional cost of acquiring alternative natural gas supplies and lng at then-current spot market rates, which could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and/or prospects.
our international businesses are exposed to different local, regulatory and business risks and challenges, which could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and/or prospects.
in mexico, we own or have interests in electricity generation, distribution and transmission facilities, natural gas, propane and ethane distribution, storage and transportation projects, and an lng terminal. in peru and chile, we own or have interests in electricity transmission and distribution facilities and operations. developing infrastructure projects, owning energy assets, and operating businesses in foreign jurisdictions subject us to significant political, legal, regulatory and financial risks that vary by country, including:
§   changes in foreign laws and regulations, including tax and environmental laws and regulations, and u.s. laws and regulations, in each case, that are related to foreign operations

§   governance by and decisions of local regulatory bodies, including setting of rates and tariffs that may be earned by our businesses

§   high rates of inflation

§   volatility in exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and currencies of the countries in which we operate

§   foreign cash balances that may be unavailable to fund u.s. operations, or available only at unfavorable u.s. and/or foreign tax rates upon repatriation of such amounts or changes in tax law

§   changes in government policies or personnel

§   trade restrictions

§   limitations on u.s. company ownership in foreign countries

§   permitting and regulatory compliance

§   changes in labor supply and labor relations

§   adverse rulings by foreign courts or tribunals, challenges to permits and approvals, difficulty in enforcing contractual and property rights, and unsettled property rights and titles in mexico and other foreign jurisdictions

§   expropriation of assets

§   adverse changes in the stability of the governments in the countries in which we operate

§   general political, social, economic and business conditions

§   compliance with the foreign corrupt practices act and similar laws

our international businesses also are subject to foreign currency risks. these risks arise from both volatility in foreign currency exchange and inflation rates and devaluations of foreign currencies. in such cases, an appreciation of the u.s. dollar against a local currency could materially reduce the amount of cash and income received from those foreign subsidiaries. we may or may not choose to hedge these risks, and any hedges entered into may or may not be effective. fluctuations in foreign currency exchange and inflation rates may result in significantly increased taxes in foreign countries and materially adversely affect our cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects.
we discuss litigation related to sempra mexico's energía costa azul lng terminal and other international energy projects in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements and in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in the annual report.
other risks sempra energy has substantial investments and other obligations in businesses that it does not control or manage or in which it shares control.
as described above, sdg&e holds a 20-percent ownership interest in songs, which is operated by edison. also, sempra natural gas owns a 25-percent interest in rockies express, a joint venture that operates a natural gas pipeline. our investment in rockies express is $340 million at december 31, 2014. at december 31, 2014, sempra renewables has investments totaling $911 million in several joint ventures to develop and operate renewable generation facilities. sempra mexico has a 50-percent interest in a joint venture with pemex that operates several natural gas pipelines and propane systems in northern mexico. sempra mexico also has a 50-percent interest in a renewables wind project in baja california. at december 31, 2014, these investments total $434 million. sempra energy has an investment balance of $71 million at december 31, 2014 that reflects remaining distributions expected to be received from the rbs sempra commodities llp (rbs sempra commodities) partnership as it is dissolved. the timing and amount of distributions may be impacted by the matters we discuss related to rbs sempra commodities in note 15 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in the annual report. the failure to collect all or a substantial portion of our remaining investment in the partnership could have a corresponding effect on our cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. we continue to make investments in entities that we do not control or manage or in which we share control.
on october 1, 2014, sempra natural gas and its joint venture project partners completed the formation of the cameron lng joint venture, cameron lng holdings, for their investment in the development, construction and operation of the three-train natural gas liquefaction export facility. our equity interest in cameron lng holdings was derived from our contribution of cameron lng to the joint venture at its historical carrying value. beginning october 1, 2014, cameron lng is no longer wholly owned by sempra natural gas, and sempra natural gas accounts for its investment in cameron lng holdings under the equity method. at december 31, 2014, sempra natural gas' investment in the joint venture is $1 billion.
sempra renewables and sempra natural gas have provided guarantees related to joint venture financing agreements, and sempra south american utilities and sempra mexico have provided loans to joint ventures in which they have investments and to other affiliates. we discuss the guarantees in notes 4, 5 and 15 and affiliate loans in note 1 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in the annual report.
we have limited influence over these ventures and other businesses in which we do not have a controlling interest. in addition to the other risks inherent in these businesses, if their management were to fail to perform adequately or the other investors in the businesses were unable or otherwise failed to perform their obligations to provide capital and credit support for these businesses, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and/or prospects. we discuss our investments further in notes 3, 4 and 10 of the notes to consolidated financial statements in the annual report.
market performance or changes in other assumptions could require sempra energy, sdg&e and/or socalgas to make significant unplanned contributions to their pension and other postretirement benefit plans.
sempra energy, sdg&e and socalgas provide defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefits to eligible employees and retirees. a decline in the market value of plan assets may increase the funding requirements for these plans. in addition, the cost of providing pension and other postretirement benefits is also affected by other factors, including the assumed rate of return on plan assets, employee demographics, discount rates used in determining future benefit obligations, rates of increase in health care costs, levels of assumed interest rates and future governmental regulation. an adverse change to any of these factors could cause a material increase in our funding obligations which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and/or prospects.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the information required by item 7 is set forth under "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in the annual report, on pages 2 through 81.
