item 1a.    risk factors the reader should carefully consider the following risk factors and the other information contained within this document. the risks set forth below are those that management believes are most likely to have a material adverse effect on us. we may also be subject to other risks or uncertainties not presently known to us. if any of the following risks or uncertainties actually occurs, it may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and prospects.
risks specific to our company the global beer industry is constantly evolving, and our position within the global beer industry and our markets in which we operate may fundamentally change. if we do not successfully transform along with the evolving industry and market dynamics, then the result could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.  the brewing industry has significantly evolved over the years becoming an increasingly global beer market. for many years, the industry operated primarily on local presence with modest international expansion achieved through export, license and partnership arrangements, whereas it has now become increasingly complex as the consolidation of brewers has occurred globally resulting in fewer major global market participants. at the same time, smaller local brewers within certain geographies are seeing accelerated growth as consumers increasingly place value on locally-produced, regionally-sourced products. as a result of the increased global consolidation of brewers and the dynamic of an expanding new segment within the industry with new market entrants, the markets in which we operate, particularly the more mature markets, may evolve at a disadvantage to our current market position and local governments may intervene, which may fundamentally accelerate transformational changes to such markets. for example, u.s. and canada beer markets have long consisted of a select number of significant market participants with government-regulated routes to market. however, recent evolution in these markets and emerging changes to consumer preferences have introduced a significant expansion of market entrants and resulted in increased consumer choice and market competition, as well as increased government scrutiny. specifically, in canada changes to the existing historical framework of regulations, distribution models, and packaging requirements, such as government-owned retail outlets and industry standard returnable bottles may be disadvantageous to us. currently, in ontario and other provinces, provincial governments are reviewing this historical foundation as a result of this market evolution and increased demand by some for government intervention to enhance competition and choice. as further described below, in addition to these risks related to growing competition and market evolution, the existing ontario distribution models may be changed in ways that are unfavorable to us and the industry standard returnable bottle agreement may change in ways that adversely impact our operating model across canada. if we are unsuccessful in evolving with, and navigating through, the changes to the markets in which we operate, the above risk could result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
competition in our markets could require us to reduce prices or increase capital and other expenditures or cause us to lose sales volume, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.    in most of our markets, our primary competitors have substantially greater financial, marketing, production and distribution resources than we do, and are more diverse in terms of their geographies and brand portfolios. in all of the markets in which we operate, aggressive marketing strategies, such as reduced pricing, brand positioning, and increased capital investments by these competitors could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. in addition, continuing consolidation among major global brewers may lead to stronger or new competitors, loss of partner brands, negative impacts on our distributor networks and predatory marketing and pricing tactics by competitors. further, distributor consolidation could reduce our ability to promote our brands in the market in a manner that enhances rather than diminishes their value, as well as reducing
15
our ability to manage our pricing effectively. these factors could result in lower margins or loss of market share, due to increased pressures for reduced pricing or difficulties in increasing prices while remaining competitive within our markets, as well as the need for increased capital investment, marketing and other expenditures. moreover, several of our major markets are mature, so growth opportunities may be more limited to us than to our competitors. the above risk, if realized, could result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
our success as an enterprise depends largely on the success of relatively few products in several mature markets specific to the beer industry; if consumer preferences shift away from our products or consumption of our products decline, our business and financial results could be materially adversely affected.    our coors light and molson canadian brands in canada, coors light and miller lite brands in the u.s., and carling, jelen, ozujsko and staropramen brands in europe represented half of each respective segment's sales volumes in 2014. additionally, several of our brands represent a significant share of their respective market, therefore volatility in these markets could disproportionately impact the performance of these brands. consequently, any material shift in consumer preferences away from these brands, or from the categories in which they compete, could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. consumer preferences and tastes may shift away from our brands or beer generally due to, among others, changing taste preferences, demographics, downturn in economic conditions or perceived value, as well as changes in consumers' perception of our brands due to negative publicity, regulatory actions or litigation. additionally, in some of our major markets, specifically canada and the u.s., there has been a recent shift in consumer preferences within the total beer market away from premium brands to "craft beer" produced by small, regional microbreweries, as well as a shift within the total alcohol beverage market from beer to wine and spirits. moreover, several of our major markets are mature and we have significant share, therefore small movements in consumer preference can disproportionately impact our results. as a result, a shift in consumer preferences away from our products or beer could result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
continued weak, or further weakening of, economic conditions in the markets in which we do business could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. beer consumption in many of our markets is closely tied to general economic conditions and a significant portion of our portfolio consists of premium and above premium brands. difficult macroeconomic conditions in our markets, such as decreases in per capita income and level of disposable income driven by increases to inflation, income taxes, the cost of living, unemployment levels, political or economic instability or other country specific factors could have an adverse effect on the demand for our products. for example, during the second quarter of 2014, the balkans region experienced significant flooding which further exacerbated the existing economic pressures in the area, resulting in an increased consumer trend toward value brands within the impacted markets. this trend, along with other contributing factors, led to a decrease in sales volumes in the region, as well as impairments of our jelen brand in serbia and ozujsko brand in croatia, which were recorded in the third quarter of 2014. a continuation of this trend or further deterioration of the current economic conditions could result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
we may incur impairments of the carrying value of our goodwill and other intangible assets.    in connection with various business combinations, we have historically allocated material amounts of the related purchase prices to goodwill and other intangible assets that are considered to have indefinite useful lives. these assets are tested for impairment at least annually, using estimates and assumptions affected by factors such as economic and industry conditions and changes in operating performance. additionally, in conjunction with the brand impairment tests, we also reassess each brand's indefinite-life classification. potential resulting charges from an impairment of goodwill or brand intangible, as well as reclassification of an indefinite-lived to a definite-lived brand intangible, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. for example, the results of our initial 2014 indefinite-lived intangible asset testing performed as of july 1, 2014, indicated that the fair value of our jelen and ozujsko indefinite-lived brand intangible assets within our europe segment were below their respective carrying values. as a result, we recorded an aggregate impairment charge of $360.0 million recorded within special items in our consolidated statements of operations during the third quarter of 2014.
our most recent impairment analysis, conducted as of october 1, 2014, the first day of our fiscal fourth quarter, indicated that the fair value of our europe and canada reporting units were at risk of failing step one of the goodwill impairment test. the fair value of the europe and canada reporting units were estimated at approximately 14% and 11% in excess of their carrying values, respectively. additionally, the fair value of the jelen, ozujsko and niksicko indefinite-lived brands in europe, and the molson core brands in canada, were also at risk of failing the quantitative analysis of the indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment test as of october 1, 2014. the europe and canada reporting units, and the jelen, ozujsko and niksicko brands in europe and molson core brands in canada, are therefore at risk of a future impairment in the event of significant unfavorable changes in the forecasted cash flows (including significant delays in projected macroeconomic recovery or prolonged adverse economic conditions), terminal growth rates, market transaction multiples and/or weighted-average cost of capital utilized in the discounted cash flow analysis. any future impairment of the europe or canada reporting units or jelen, ozujsko, niksicko, molson or other brands, or reclassification of indefinite-lived brands to definite-lived, may result in material charges that could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. additionally, the testing of our goodwill for impairment is predicated upon our determination of our reporting units. any change to the conclusion of our reporting units or the
16
aggregation of components within our reporting units could result in a different outcome to our annual impairment test. see part ii-item 7 management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, critical accounting estimates and part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 12, "goodwill and intangible assets" of the notes for additional information related to the results of our annual impairment testing.
termination of one or more manufacturer/distribution agreements could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.    we manufacture and/or distribute products of other beverage companies through various joint venture, licensing, distribution, contract brewing or other similar arrangements. the loss of one or more of these arrangements, as a result of industry consolidation or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. for example, during 2014 we entered into an agreement with miller brewing company ("miller") to terminate the license agreement between miller and mcc, which, when consummated in 2015, will have an adverse effect on our canadian volumes. additionally, subsequent to abi's acquisition of grupo modelo in 2013, we entered into an agreement to accelerate the termination of our mmi joint venture that imports, distributes and markets the modelo beer brand portfolio across all canadian provinces and territories, which resulted in an adverse impact on our 2014 canadian volumes upon final termination in the first quarter of 2014.
changes in various supply chain standards or agreements could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.    our business includes various joint venture and industry agreements which standardize parts of the supply chain system. an example includes our warehousing and customer delivery systems organized under joint venture agreements with other brewers. any negative change in these agreements or material terms within these agreements could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
we rely on a small number of suppliers to obtain the packaging materials we need to operate our business. the inability to obtain materials could unfavorably affect our ability to produce our products.    we purchase certain types of packaging materials including aluminum cans and bottles, glass bottles and paperboard from a small number of suppliers. consolidation of packaging materials suppliers has reduced local supply alternatives and increased risks of supply disruptions. the inability of any of these suppliers to meet our production requirements without sufficient time to develop an alternative source could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
risks associated with operating our joint ventures may materially adversely affect our business and financial results. we have entered into several joint ventures, including our millercoors joint venture in the united states and puerto rico with sabmiller. we may enter into additional joint ventures in the future. our joint venture partners may at any time have economic, business or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with our goals or with the goals of the joint venture. in addition, we compete against our joint venture partners in certain of our other markets. disagreements with our business partners may impede our ability to maximize the benefits of our partnerships. our joint venture arrangements may require us, among other matters, to pay certain costs or to make certain capital investments or to seek our joint venture partner's consent to take certain actions. in addition, our joint venture partners may be unable or unwilling to meet their economic or other obligations under the operative documents, and we may be required to either fulfill those obligations alone to ensure the ongoing success of a joint venture or to dissolve and liquidate a joint venture. for example, we terminated our mmi joint venture that imported, distributed and marketed the modelo beer brand portfolio across all canadian provinces and territories, which, since termination in the first quarter of 2014, has had an adverse effect on our canadian volumes and financial results. the above risk, if realized, could result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
our operations in developing and emerging markets expose us to additional risks which could harm our business and financial results. we expect our operations in developing and emerging markets to become more significant to our operating results as we continue to further expand internationally. in certain of these markets, we have limited operating experience and may not succeed. in addition to risks described elsewhere in this section, our operations in these markets expose us to additional risks, including: changes in local political, economic, social and labor conditions; restrictions on foreign ownership and investments; repatriation of cash earned in countries outside the u.s.; import and export requirements; increased costs to ensure compliance with complex foreign laws and regulations; currency exchange rate fluctuations; a less developed and less certain legal and regulatory environment, which among other things can create uncertainty with regard to liability issues; longer payment cycles, increased credit risk and higher levels of payment fraud; and other challenges caused by distance, language, and cultural differences.
in addition, as a global company, we are subject to foreign and u.s. laws and regulations designed to combat governmental corruption, including the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act. violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines and penalties, criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business and on our ability to offer our products and services in one or more countries and a materially negative effect on our brands and our operating results. although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these foreign and u.s. laws and regulations, including the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act, there can be no assurance that our employees, business partners or agents will not violate our policies.
17
changes to the regulation of the distribution systems for our products could adversely affect our business and financial results.    in our u.s. market, there is a three-tier distribution system that has historically applied to the distribution of products sold through millercoors (including our non-u.s. products). that system, consisting of required separation of manufacturers, distributors and retailers, is increasingly subject to legal challenges on the basis that it allegedly interferes with interstate commerce. to the extent that such challenges are successful and require changes to the three-tier system, such changes could have a materially adverse effect on millercoors and, consequently, on us. further, in canada, our products are required to be distributed through each province's respective provincial liquor board. additionally, in certain provinces, we rely on our joint venture arrangements, such as bri and bdl, to distribute our products via retail outlets that are mandated and regulated by provincial government regulators. bri owns and operates commercial retail outlets, known as the beer store, in ontario, and bdl facilitates the distribution of our products in the western provinces. recent review of government assets in ontario has included an evaluation of the bri distribution model, the results of which we are actively negotiating with the ontario government. we cannot predict what, if any, changes may result from this review and what the impact may be on us; however, changes to the bri distribution model could have a material adverse effect on bri. see additional risks specific to bri under the "risks specific to the canada segment" heading below. if provincial regulation should change, the costs to adjust our distribution methods could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
changes in tax, environmental or other regulations or failure to comply with existing licensing, trade and other regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.    our business is highly regulated by federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations in various jurisdictions regarding such matters as licensing requirements, trade and pricing practices, labeling, advertising, promotion and marketing practices, relationships with distributors, environmental matters, smoking bans at on-premise locations and other matters. these laws and regulations are subject to frequent re-evaluation, varying interpretations and political debate and inquiries from government regulators charged with their enforcement. examples of this are the recent changes in the canadian tax legislation and a regulatory assessment received in europe in the fourth quarter of 2014 related to the interpretation of the application of tax on the production and sale of our products. failure to comply with existing laws and regulations or changes in these laws, regulations, or interpretations thereof, or in tax, environmental, excise tax levels imposed or any other laws or regulations could result in the loss, revocation or suspension of our licenses, permits or approvals and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. additionally, uncertainties exist with respect to adding new tax laws, the interpretation of, and potential future developments in, complex domestic and international tax laws and regulations and the amount and timing of future taxable income. given the wide range of international business relationships and the long-term nature and complexity of existing contractual agreements, differences arising between the actual results and assumptions made, or future changes to such assumptions, could necessitate future adjustments to tax income and expense already recorded. finally, advocates of prohibition and other severe restrictions on the marketing and sales of alcohol are becoming increasingly organized and coordinated on a global basis, seeking to impose laws or regulations or to bring actions against us, to curtail substantially the consumption of alcohol, including beer, in developed and developing markets. to the extent such views gain traction in regulations of jurisdictions in which we do or plan to do business, they could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
our consolidated financial statements are subject to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, most significantly the canadian dollar and the european operating currencies such as, but not limited to, euro, british pound, czech koruna, croatian kuna, serbian dinar, new romanian leu, bulgarian lev and hungarian forint. we hold assets and incur liabilities, earn revenues and pay expenses in different currencies, most significantly in canada and throughout europe. because our financial statements are presented in u.s. dollars ("usd"), we must translate our assets, liabilities, income and expenses into usd. increases and decreases in the value of the usd will affect, perhaps adversely, the value of these items in our financial statements, even if their local currency value has not changed. additionally, we are exposed to currency transaction risks related to transactions denominated in currencies other than one of the functional currencies of our operating entities, such as the purchase of certain raw material inputs or capital expenditures, as well as sales transactions and debt issuances or other incurred obligations. further, certain actions by the government of any of the jurisdictions in which we operate could adversely affect our results and financial position. to the extent that we fail to adequately manage these risks through our risk management policies intended to protect our exposure to currency movements, which may affect our operations, including if our hedging arrangements do not effectively or completely hedge changes in foreign currency rates, our results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. additionally, the recent strengthening of the usd against the canadian dollar, european currencies and various other global currencies, if continued, would adversely impact our usd reported results due to the impact on foreign currency translation.
our operations face significant exposure to changes in commodity prices, which could materially and adversely affect our business and financial results.    we use a large volume of agricultural and other raw materials, some of which are purchased through supply contracts with third parties, to produce our products, including barley, malted barley, hops, corn, other various starches, water and packaging materials, including aluminum cans and bottles, glass and polyethylene terephthalate ("pet") containers, as well as, cardboard and other paper products. we also use a significant amount of diesel
18
fuel, natural gas and electricity in our operations. the supply and price of these raw materials and commodities can be affected by a number of factors beyond our control, including market demand, alternative sources for suppliers, global geopolitical events (especially as to their impact on crude oil prices and the resulting impact on diesel fuel prices), frosts, droughts and other weather conditions, economic factors affecting growth decisions, inflation, plant diseases and theft. to the extent any of the foregoing factors affect the prices of ingredients or packaging or our hedging arrangements do not effectively or completely hedge changes in commodity price risks and we are not able to pass these increased costs along to customers, our financial results could be materially adversely impacted.
climate change and water availability may negatively affect our business and financial results.    there is concern that a gradual increase in global average temperatures could cause significant changes in global weather patterns and an increase in the frequency and severity of natural disasters. while warmer weather has historically been associated with increased sales of beer, changing weather patterns could result in decreased agricultural productivity in certain regions which may limit availability or increase the cost of key agricultural commodities, such as hops, barley and other cereal grains, which are important ingredients for our products. increased frequency or duration of extreme weather conditions could also impair production capabilities, disrupt our supply chain or impact demand for our products. in addition, public expectations for reductions in greenhouse gas emissions could result in increased energy, transportation and raw material costs and may require us to make additional investments in facilities and equipment. clean water is a limited resource in many parts of the world and climate change may increase water scarcity and cause a deterioration of water quality in areas where we maintain brewing operations. the competition for water among domestic, agricultural and manufacturing users is increasing in some of our brewing communities. even where water is widely available, water purification and waste treatment infrastructure limitations could increase costs or constrain our operations. the above risk, if realized, could result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
loss or closure of a major brewery or other key facility, due to unforeseen or catastrophic events or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. our business and financial results could be materially adversely impacted by physical risks such as earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, other natural disasters or catastrophic events that damage or destroy one of our breweries or key facilities or the key facilities of our significant suppliers. additionally, certain catastrophes are not covered by our general insurance policies, which could result in significant unrecoverable losses. in addition, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted by under-investment in physical assets or production capacity, including contract brewing and effect on priority of our brands if production capacity is limited. further, significant excess capacity at any of our breweries as a result of increased efficiencies in our supply chain process or continued volume declines, could result in under-utilization of our assets, which could lead to excess overhead expenses or additional costs incurred associated with the closure of one or more of our facilities. for example, as part of a strategic review of our european supply chain network and following receipt of notification of the termination of our distribution agreement with heineken in the u.k., management made a proposal to close our brewing facility in alton, hampshire, u.k. in 2015, in connection with which we incurred costs in the fourth quarter of 2014 and for which we may incur additional costs during the first half of 2015.
failure to successfully identify, complete or integrate attractive acquisitions and joint ventures into our existing operations could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. we have made a number of acquisitions and entered into several joint ventures. in order to compete in the consolidating global brewing industry, we anticipate that we may, from time to time, in the future acquire additional businesses or enter into additional joint ventures that we believe would provide a strategic fit with our business. potential risks associated with acquisitions and joint ventures could include, among other things: our ability to identify attractive acquisitions and joint ventures; our ability to offer potential acquisition targets and joint venture partners' competitive transaction terms; our ability to realize the benefits or cost savings that we expect to realize as a result of the acquisition or joint venture; diversion of management's attention; our ability to successfully integrate our businesses with the business of the acquired company; motivating, recruiting and retaining key employees; conforming standards, controls, procedures and policies, business cultures and compensation structures among our company and the acquired company; consolidating and streamlining sales, marketing and corporate operations; potential exposure to unknown liabilities of acquired companies; loss of key employees and customers of the acquired business; and managing tax costs or inefficiencies associated with integrating our operations following completion of an acquisition or entry into a joint venture. if an acquisition or joint venture is not successfully completed or integrated into our existing operations, our business and financial results could be materially adversely impacted.
poor investment performance of pension plan holdings and other factors impacting pension plan costs could unfavorably affect our business, liquidity and our financial results.    our costs of providing defined benefit pension plans are dependent upon a number of factors, such as the rates of return on the plans' assets, discount rates, the level of interest rates used to measure the required minimum funding levels of the plans, exchange rate fluctuations, future government regulation, global equity prices, and our required and/or voluntary contributions to the plans. while we comply with the minimum funding requirements, we have certain qualified pension plans with obligations which exceed the value of the plans' assets. these
19
funding requirements may also require contributions even when there is no reported deficit. without sustained growth in the pension investments over time to increase the value of the plans' assets, and depending upon the other factors as listed above, we could be required to fund the plans with significant amounts of cash. such cash funding obligations (or the timing of such contributions) could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, credit rating and cost of borrowing, financial position and/or results of operations. for example, following the completion of the triennial review of the u.k. pension plan with the plan's trustees in 2014, we agreed to make a gbp 150 million contribution to our u.k. pension plan in 2015, which we paid in january 2015, based on the underfunded status of the plan and the evaluation of the plan's performance and long-term obligations.
failure to comply with our debt covenants or a deterioration in our credit rating could have an adverse effect on our ability to obtain future financing at competitive rates and/or our ability to refinance our existing indebtedness. under the terms of each of our debt facilities, we must comply with certain restrictions. these include restrictions on priority indebtedness (certain threshold percentages of secured consolidated net tangible assets), leverage thresholds, liens, and restrictions on certain types of sale lease-back transactions and transfers of assets. failure to comply with these restrictions or maintain our credit rating may result in issues with our current financing structure and potential future financing requirements. a deterioration in our credit rating could also affect our ability to obtain future financing or refinance our current debt, as well as increase our borrowing rates, which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results.
we depend on key personnel, the loss of whom would harm our business. the loss of the services and expertise of any key employee could harm our business. our future success depends on our ability to identify, attract and retain qualified personnel on a timely basis. turnover of senior management can adversely impact our stock price, our results of operations and our client relationships and may make recruiting for future management positions more difficult. in addition, we must successfully integrate any new management personnel that we hire within our organization, or who join our organization as a result of an acquisition, in order to achieve our operating objectives, and changes in other key management positions may temporarily affect our financial performance and results of operations as new management becomes familiar with our business.
due to a high concentration of workers represented by unions or trade councils in canada, europe, and at millercoors in the u.s., we could be significantly affected by labor strikes, work stoppages or other employee-related issues.    approximately 65%, 36% and 39% of our canadian, millercoors and european workforces, respectively, are represented by trade unions. stringent labor laws in the u.k. expose us to a greater risk of loss should we experience labor disruptions in that market. a labor strike, work stoppage or other employee-related issue could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
the success of our business relies heavily on brand image, reputation, product quality and protection of intellectual property.    it is important that we maintain and increase the image and reputation of our existing products. concerns about product quality, even when unsubstantiated, could be harmful to our image and reputation of our products. deterioration to our brand equity may be difficult to combat or reverse and could have a material effect on our business and financial results. in addition, because our brands carry family names, personal activities by certain members of the molson or coors families that harm their public image or reputation could have an adverse effect on our brands. further, the success of our company is dependent on our ability to protect our intellectual property rights, including trademarks, patents, domain names, trade secrets and know-how. we cannot be certain that the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property rights will be sufficient or that third parties will not infringe upon or misappropriate these rights. if we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, it could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
because of our reliance on third-party service providers and internal and outsourced systems for our information technology and certain other administrative functions, we could experience a disruption to our business.    we rely exclusively on information services providers worldwide for our information technology functions including network, help desk, hardware and software configuration. additionally, we rely on internal networks and information systems and other technology, including the internet and third-party hosted services, to support a variety of business processes and activities, including procurement and supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection of payments. we use information systems for certain human resource activities and to process our employee benefits, as well as to process financial information for internal and external reporting purposes and to comply with various reporting, legal and tax requirements. we also have outsourced a significant portion of work associated with our finance and accounting, human resources and other information technology functions to third-party service providers. as information systems are critical to many of our operating activities, our business may be impacted by system shutdowns, service disruptions or security breaches. additionally, if one of our service providers was to fail and we were unable to find a suitable replacement in a timely manner, we could be unable to properly administer our outsourced functions. further, our internal and outsourced systems may also be the target of a breach to our security, which, if successful, could expose us to the loss of key business, employee, customer or vendor information and disruption of our operations. if our information systems suffer severe damage, disruption or shutdown and our remediation plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, we could experience delays in reporting our financial results and
20
we may lose revenue and profits as a result of our inability to timely manufacture, distribute, invoice and collect payments from our customers. misuse, leakage or falsification of information could result in a violation of data privacy laws and regulations, damage our reputation and credibility. in addition, we may suffer financial and reputational damage because of lost or misappropriated confidential information and may become subject to legal action and increased regulatory oversight. we could also be required to spend significant financial and other resources to remedy the damage caused by a security breach or to repair or replace networks and information systems.
if the pentland trust and the coors trust do not agree on a matter submitted to stockholders, generally the matter will not be approved, even if beneficial to us or favored by other stockholders.    pentland securities (1981) inc. (the "pentland trust") (a company controlled by the molson family and related parties) and the adolph coors, jr. trust (the "coors trust"), which together control more than 90% of our class a common stock and class a exchangeable shares, have a voting trust agreement through which they have combined their voting power over the shares of our class a common stock and the class a exchangeable shares that they own. in the event that these two stockholders do not agree to vote in favor of a matter submitted to a stockholder vote (other than the election of directors), the voting trustees are required to vote all of the class a common stock and class a exchangeable shares deposited in the voting trust against the matter. there is no other mechanism in the voting trust agreement to resolve a potential deadlock between these stockholders. therefore, if either the pentland trust or the coors trust is unwilling to vote in favor of a proposal that is subject to a stockholder vote, we would be unable to implement the proposal even if our board of directors, management or other stockholders believe the proposal is beneficial to us. similarly, our bylaws require the authorization of a super-majority (two-thirds) of the board of directors to take certain transformational actions. thus, it is possible that the company will not be authorized to take action even if it is supported by a simple majority of the board of directors.
the interests of the controlling stockholders may differ from those of other stockholders and could prevent the company from making certain decisions or taking certain actions that would be in the best interest of the other stockholders. our class b common stock has fewer voting rights than our class a common stock and holders of our class a common stock have the ability to effectively control or have a significant influence over certain company actions requiring stockholder approval, which could have a material adverse effect on class b stockholders. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 9, "stockholders' equity" of the notes for additional information regarding voting rights of class a and class b stockholders.
risks specific to the canada segment government mandated changes to the retail distribution model resulting from new regulations may have a material adverse effect on our canada business. beer sales are highly regulated by the canadian government. for example, in ontario, off-premise beer may only be purchased at retail outlets operated by bri, government-regulated retail outlets operated by the liquor control board of ontario ("lcbo"), or approved agents of the lcbo. in april 2014, the ontario premier's advisory council on government assets (the "council") began a review that included evaluating the bri distribution model. the results of this review and related proposals are currently under active discussions with the council, and the ultimate consequences related to this negotiation are unknown at this time. for example, the government could introduce a material operating fee, in the form of a mandated specific tax or other assessment, to allow bri the right to continue to distribute in ontario. it could also introduce incremental packaging options at the lcbo and agents of the lcbo, or otherwise mandate changes to the current retail distribution model, which could result in decreased off-premise sales volumes through bri and negatively impact our position in the market. additionally, as a result of the above review, certain other legal matters could arise that could have a negative impact on our business, such as the litigation related to our ownership of bri discussed in part i-item 3. legal proceedings. the above risk, if realized, could result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
we may experience adverse effects on our canada business and financial results due to declines in the overall canadian beer industry, continued price discounting, increased cost of goods sold and higher taxes.    if the canadian beer market continues to decline, the impact to our financial results could be exacerbated due to our significant share of the overall market. additionally, continuation, acceleration or the increase of price discounting, in ontario, québec, alberta or other provinces, as well as increases in our cost of goods sold, could adversely impact our business. further, changes in the canadian tax legislation, such as the recent increase in beer excise taxes and the implementation of equalization and standardization of excise tax regulations in quebec, could decrease our net sales. moreover, the future success and earnings growth of the canada business depends, in part, on our ability to efficiently conduct our operations. failure to generate significant cost savings and margin improvement through our ongoing initiatives could adversely affect our profitability.
in the event that we are required to move away from the industry standard returnable bottle we use today, we may incur unexpected losses. along with abi and other brewers in canada, we currently use an industry standard returnable bottle which represents approximately 40% of total volume sales (excluding imports) in canada. changes to the industry standard bottle agreement could impact our use of the industry standard returnable bottle. if we cease to use the industry
21
standard returnable bottle, our current bottle inventory and a portion of our bottle packaging equipment could become obsolete and could result in a material write-off of these assets.
risks specific to the united states segment and millercoors we do not fully control the operations and administration of millercoors, which represents our interests in the u.s. beer business.    we jointly control millercoors with sabmiller and hold a 42% economic interest in the joint venture. while we direct the millercoors business through our equal representation on its board of directors (along with sabmiller) and otherwise impact its business activities through our ongoing communication and oversight, millercoors' management is responsible for the day-to-day operation of the business. as a result, we do not have full control over millercoors' activities. our results of operations are dependent upon the efforts of millercoors management, our ability to govern the joint venture effectively with sabmiller and factors beyond our control that may affect sabmiller. for example, the loss of the services and expertise of any key millercoors employee could harm our business. additionally, our disclosure controls and procedures with respect to millercoors are necessarily substantially more limited than those we maintain with respect to our consolidated subsidiaries. certain rights of first refusal apply to any assignment of the joint venture interests. any transfer of ownership interest could have a significant effect on our results of operations and financial position, as well as our ongoing internal and external business relationships.
millercoors is highly dependent on independent distributors in the united states to sell its products, with no assurance that these distributors will effectively sell its and our products.    millercoors sells all of its products and many of our non-u.s. products in the united states to distributors for resale to retail outlets and the regulatory environment of many states makes it very difficult to change distributors. consequently, if millercoors is not allowed or is unable to replace unproductive or inefficient distributors, its business, financial position and results of operation may be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
risks specific to the europe segment economic trends and intense competition in european markets could unfavorably affect our profitability. our european businesses have been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by conditions in the global financial markets and general economic and political conditions, as well as a continued weakening of their respective currencies versus the u.s. dollar. as a result of our annual impairment testing, we determined that the fair value of our jelen and ozujsko indefinite-lived brand intangible assets were below their respective carrying values as of july 1, 2014. as a result, we recorded an impairment charge in the third quarter of 2014. the decline in fair value of these brands was due, in part, to the continued weakening of the macroeconomic environment in certain european markets, which was further exacerbated by significant flooding that occurred in the balkans region during the second quarter of 2014. this also drove an acceleration of the trend toward value brands in certain markets where our primary brands are considered premium or above-premium. our impairment testing also indicated risk of additional future impairments of jelen, ozujsko and niksicko indefinite-lived intangible brands sold in these markets. additionally, we face intense competition in certain of our european markets, particularly with respect to price, which could lead to reduced sales or profitability. in particular, the on-going focus by large competitors in europe to drive increased market share through aggressive pricing strategies could adversely affect our sales and results of operations. in addition, in recent years, beer volume sales in europe have been shifting from pubs and restaurants (on-premise) to retail stores (off-premise), for the industry in general. margins on sales to off-premise customers tend to be lower than margins on sales to on-premise customers, and, as a result, continuation or acceleration of these trends would further adversely affect our profitability.
in the event that a significant pub chain declared bankruptcy, or experience similar financial difficulties, our business and financial results could be materially adversely affected.    we extend credit to pub chains in the u.k., and in some cases the amounts are significant. the continuing challenging economic environment in the u.k. has caused business at on-premise outlets to decrease since late 2008, and some pub chains may face increasing financial difficulty, if economic conditions do not improve. in the event that one or more significant pub chains were to be unable to pay amounts owed to us as a result of bankruptcy or similar financial difficulties, our business and financial results could be materially adversely affected.
risks specific to the molson coors international segment an inability to expand our operations in emerging markets could adversely affect our growth prospects. our ability to grow our mci segment in emerging markets depends on social, economic and political conditions in those markets, on our ability to create effective product distribution networks and consumer brand awareness in new markets and in many cases our ability to find appropriate local partners. due to product price, local competition from competitors that are larger and have more resources than we do and cultural differences, or absence of effective routes to market, there is no assurance that our products will be accepted in any particular emerging market. if we are unable to expand our businesses in emerging markets, our growth prospects could be adversely affected.
22
risks specific to our discontinued operations indemnities provided to the purchaser of 83% of the cervejarias kaiser brasil s.a. ("kaiser") business in brazil could result in future cash outflows and statement of operations charges.    in 2006, we sold our 83% ownership interest in kaiser to femsa cerveza s.a. de c.v. ("femsa"). the terms of the sale agreement require us to indemnify femsa for exposures related to certain tax, civil and labor contingencies and certain purchased tax credits. the ultimate resolution of these claims is not under our control. these indemnity obligations are recorded as liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets, however, we could incur future statement of operations charges as facts further develop resulting in changes to our estimates or changes in our assessment of probability of loss on these items as well as due to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. due to the uncertainty involved in the ultimate outcome and timing of these contingencies, significant adjustments to the carrying value of our indemnity liabilities and corresponding statement of operations charges/credits could result in the future.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is provided to assist in understanding our company, operations and current business environment and should be considered a supplement to, and read in conjunction with, the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes included within part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, as well as the discussion of our business and related risk factors in part i-item 1 business and part i-item 1a risk factors, respectively.
our fiscal year on november 14, 2013, our board of directors approved a resolution to change mcbc's fiscal year from a 52/53 week fiscal year to a calendar year. as such, our 2013 fiscal year end was extended from december 28, 2013, to december 31, 2013, with subsequent fiscal years beginning on january 1 and ending on december 31 of each year. beginning january 1, 2014, quarterly results reflect the three month periods ending march 31, june 30, september 30 and december 31. this change aligned our fiscal year and interim reporting periods with our central europe business and millercoors, which were already following a monthly fiscal reporting calendar. unless otherwise indicated, (a) all $ amounts are in u.s. dollars ("usd"), (b) comparisons are to comparable prior periods, and (c) 2014 refers to the 12 months ended december 31, 2014, 2013 refers to the period from december 30, 2012 through december 31, 2013, and 2012 refers to the 52 weeks ended on december 29, 2012. the impact of the three additional days in fiscal year 2013 is immaterial to the consolidated financial statements.
use of non-gaap measures in addition to financial measures presented on the basis of accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("u.s. gaap"), we also present pretax and after-tax "underlying income," "underlying income per diluted share," "underlying effective tax rate," and "underlying free cash flow," which are non-gaap measures and should be viewed as supplements to (not substitutes for) our results of operations presented under u.s. gaap. we also present underlying earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("underlying ebitda") as a non-gaap measure. our management uses underlying income, underlying income per diluted share, underlying ebitda, underlying effective tax rate and underlying free cash flow as measures of operating performance to assist in comparing performance from period to period on a consistent basis; as a measure for planning and forecasting overall expectations and for evaluating actual results against such expectations; in communications with the board of directors, stockholders, analysts and investors concerning our financial performance; as useful comparisons to the performance of our competitors; and as metrics of certain management incentive compensation calculations. we believe that underlying income, underlying income per diluted share, underlying ebitda, underlying effective tax rate and underlying free cash flow performance are used by and are useful to investors and other users of our financial statements in evaluating our operating performance because they provide an additional tool to evaluate our performance without regard to special and non-core items, which can vary substantially from company to company depending upon accounting methods and book value of assets and capital structure. we have provided reconciliations of all non-gaap measures to their nearest u.s. gaap measure and have consistently applied the adjustments within our reconciliations in arriving at each non-gaap measure. these adjustments consist of special items from our u.s. gaap financial statements (see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 1, "basis of presentation and summary of significant accounting policies" of the notes to the consolidated financial statements ("notes") for additional disclosure) as well as other non-core items, such as acquisition and integration related costs, unrealized mark-to-market gains and losses, and gains and losses on sales of non-operating assets, included in our u.s. gaap results that warrant adjustment to arrive at non-gaap results. we consider these items to be necessary adjustments for purposes of evaluating our ongoing business performance and are often considered non-recurring. such adjustments are subjective and involve significant management judgment.
in addition to the non-gaap measures noted above, we have certain operational measures, such as sales-to-wholesalers ("stws") and sales-to-retailers ("strs"), which we believe are useful metrics to management and investors in evaluating our operations. stw is a metric that we use in our u.s. business to reflect the sales from our operations to our direct customers, generally wholesalers. we believe the stw metric is important because it gives an indication of the amount of beer and adjacent products that we have produced and shipped to customers. str is a metric that we use in our canada and u.s. businesses to refer to sales closer to the end consumer than stws, which generally means sales from our wholesalers or our company to retailers, who in turn sell to consumers. we believe the str metric is important because, unlike stws, it provides the closest indication of the performance of our brands in relation to market and competitor sales trends.
executive summary we are one of the world's largest brewers and have a diverse portfolio of owned and partner brands, including core brands carling, coors light, molson canadian and staropramen, as well as craft and specialty beers such as blue moon, cobra, creemore springs and doom bar. for more than 350 combined years, we have been brewing high-quality, innovative products
30
with the purpose of delighting the world's beer drinkers and goal to be the first choice for our consumers and customers. our success depends on our ability to make our products available to meet a wide range of consumer segments and occasions.
in 2014, our net income from continuing operations attributable to mcbc declined in 2014 compared to 2013, however, we grew underlying after-tax earnings, free cash flow and ebitda, and exceeded our targets for cost savings, cash generation and significantly reduced our outstanding debt. weak consumer demand continued across our largest markets, but we continued to focus on building a stronger brand portfolio, delivering value-added innovation, strengthening our core brand positions and increasing our share in the above-premium segment. we also continued to improve our sales execution and revenue management capabilities, increase the efficiency of our operations, implement common systems and focus on generating higher returns for our invested capital, managing our working capital and delivering a greater return on investment for our shareholders. excluding the impact of foreign currency changes and the loss of the modelo brands in canada following the termination of our molson modelo inc. ("mmi") joint venture, all of our segments achieved improved underlying profit performance in 2014 versus 2013. we grew our global above-premium volume, net pricing and sales mix, and maintained market share in europe despite a poor economy and floods in some of our highest-share markets. our craft portfolio drove growth from doom bar in the u.k., creemore springs in canada and blue moon in the u.s., u.k. and our international markets. our emerging cider portfolio delivered strong growth, led by molson canadian cider and strongbow in canada, smith & forge hard cider in the u.s. and carling british cider in europe. volume challenges included coors light performance in canada and the u.s., however, coors light worldwide volume grew nearly 2% on the strength of its performance in europe and mci.
2014 financial highlights:
•   net income from continuing operations attributable to mcbc of $513.5 million, or $2.76 per diluted share, decreased 9.2% from a year ago, primarily due to a $124.4 million increase in net special charges versus the prior year, driven by increased impairments of intangible assets in 2014, partially offset by termination fee income associated with our mmi joint venture in canada. additionally, underlying after-tax income of $768.5 million, or $4.13 per diluted share, increased 5.7% and underlying ebitda increased 0.1% compared to 2013, primarily due to an increase in underlying income in europe and the u.s., partially offset by lower underlying income in canada. our underlying income excludes special and other non-core gains, losses and expenses that net to a $317.4 million pretax charge, as explained below.
•   worldwide beer volume for mcbc in 2014 decreased 1.3% compared to 2013, primarily due to lower volumes in the u.s. and canada, partially offset by increased volumes from mci. additionally, consolidated net sales decreased 1.4% compared to 2013, driven by negative impacts of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and lower volumes in canada, partially offset by positive sales mix in europe.
•   we generated cash flow from operating activities of $1,272.6 million, representing an 8.9% increase from $1,168.2 million in 2013 and a 29.4% increase from $983.7 million in 2012. underlying free cash flow in 2014 was $956.7 million, compared to $892.0 million in 2013, representing an increase of 7.3%. these increases in operating cash flow and underlying free cash flow are driven by increased distributions from our investment in millercoors, as well as lower cash paid for pension contributions, capital expenditures, interest and taxes, along with higher underlying income, after considering non-cash impairments and other non-cash add-backs. these increases were partially offset by a decreased benefit from changes in net working capital.
•   we decreased our total outstanding debt balances by $613.4 million during the year, primarily due to the repayment of our outstanding commercial paper borrowings and borrowings on our euro credit facility, as well as the final repayment of the amounts initially withheld from the repayment of the €500 million convertible note, partially offset by increased balances on our overdraft facility. additionally, the net underfunded position of our pension and other postretirement benefit plans, excluding those of millercoors and other equity method investments, increased by $91.1 million, primarily driven by the decrease in the weighted-average discount rates used, as well as decreased employer contributions and updates to published mortality tables. this increase was partially offset by changes in foreign exchange rates and the performance of our plan assets exceeding the expected return for our funded plans. we also repaid our remaining outstanding cross currency swaps for approximately $65.2 million.
•   regional financial highlights:
•   in our canada segment, we drove positive pricing and sales mix, achieved significant cost savings, and invested in improving the efficiency of our brewery network. our income from continuing operations before income taxes in canada increased in 2014 compared to 2013 by 12.0% to $406.8 million, due to income received from the termination of our mmi joint venture, recorded within special items. our underlying pretax income decreased by 7.1% to $365.0 million, due to unfavorable foreign currency movements and the impact
31
of terminating our mmi joint venture in the first quarter of 2014, which had a combined negative pretax profit impact of approximately $35 million.
•   in the u.s., millercoors grew net sales per hectoliter and increased the percent of sales in above premium, while working to restore growth to coors light and miller lite. in the fourth quarter of 2014, miller lite increased sales to retail for the first time since 2007, benefiting from a redesign based on the brand's authenticity and heritage. in 2014, the above premium segment continued to grow with higher-margin brands like redd's, blue moon and leinenkugel's summer shandy. our 2014 equity income in millercoors increased 4.2% to $561.8 million, while underlying equity income in millercoors increased 2.8% to $562.4 million compared to 2013, primarily driven by higher net pricing, favorable brand mix and cost savings, partially offset by commodity and brewery inflation and lower fixed cost absorption.
•   in our europe segment, although consumer demand remained weak, our business delivered higher net sales and underlying pretax earnings. additionally, despite the weak economy and significant flooding in some of our highest share markets, we maintained market share across the region versus the prior year on the strength of our core brands, above-premium portfolio and innovation. in addition to the core brand performances mentioned below, our craft and above-premium brands performed well, with cobra, coors light, doom bar and staropramen outside the czech republic leading the growth. in 2014 we reported a loss from continuing operations before income taxes of $111.9 million, versus income from continuing operations of $34.3 million in 2013. the decrease from 2013 is attributable to an impairment charge of $360.0 million recognized in 2014 related to indefinite-lived intangible brand assets compared to an impairment charge of $150.9 million in 2013. underlying income of $242.7 million increased by 13.8%, compared to $213.3 million in 2013, due to higher net sales, as well as lower supply chain costs and lower general and administrative expenses, partially offset by the negative impact of a mix shift toward higher-cost products and packages and increased marketing investments.
•   in our mci segment, we drove significant growth in terms of volume, net sales and gross profit in 2014, despite the continuing challenges in ukraine and russia. our 2014 loss from continuing operations before income taxes increased by 12.7% to $13.3 million, driven by a gain classified as specials items recognized on the sale of our mc si'hai joint venture in china during the fourth quarter of 2013, along with an increase in marketing investment behind our brands versus 2013. we reduced our underlying pretax loss by 17.9% versus 2013, as a result of strong top-line growth and cost control.
•   core brand highlights:
•   carling, the number one beer brand in the u.k. and the largest brand in our europe segment, declined slightly in terms of volume in the year, primarily due to the after-effects of some aggressive world cup competitor pricing during the second and third quarters of 2014.
•   coors light global volume (including our proportional percentage of millercoors' coors light volumes) increased 1.9% versus 2013. coors light grew volume more than 20% in the u.k., where it is now our second largest brand, and it is growing even faster in our latin american markets. due to continued competitive and industry pressures, coors light declined in canada and the u.s.
•   molson canadian in canada decreased slightly in terms of volume and market share in 2014, but held share in its segment and had stronger 2014 activations, as well as strong net sales per hectoliter growth.
•   staropramen volume decreased overall in 2014 versus 2013, mainly driven by overall industry declines and challenges in czech republic, staropramen's primary market, as well as declines in our international markets of russia and ukraine, as a result of political and economic instability. despite severe flooding in central europe this year, above premium staropramen (outside of czech republic) grew volume and share in the region and achieved growth in certain international markets.
32
the following table highlights summarized components of our consolidated statements of operations for the years ended december 31, 2014, december 31, 2013, and december 29, 2012, and provides a reconciliation of "underlying income", a non-gaap measure, to its nearest u.s. gaap measure. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, "consolidated statements of operations" for additional details of our u.s. gaap results.
for the years ended december 31, 2014               change             december 31, 2013               change             december 29, 2012
(in millions, except percentages and per share data)
volume in hectoliters                                                                                      30.445                   (0.2    )%                30.521                   20.4     %                25.343
net sales                                                                                                $4,146.3                   (1.4    )%              $4,206.1                    7.4     %              $3,916.5
net income attributable to mcbc from continuing operations                                                 $513.5                   (9.2    )%                $565.3                   28.0     %                $441.5
adjustments:
special items, net(1)                                                                                       324.4                   62.2     %                 200.0                  145.7     %                  81.4
42% of millercoors special items, net of tax(2)                                                               0.6                  (92.8    )%                   8.3                  (38.1    )%                  13.4
acquisition, integration and financing related costs(3)                                                         -                 (100.0    )%                  10.7                  (93.7    )%                 170.5
unrealized mark-to-market (gains) and losses(4)                                                               3.7                  (76.0    )%                  15.4                   20.3     %                  12.8
other non-core items(5)                                                                                     (11.3       )          (51.9    )%                 (23.5       )            n/m                        (5.0       )
tax impact of serbia statutory tax rate increase(6)                                                             -                      -     %                     -                 (100.0    )%                  38.3
noncontrolling interest effect on special items(7)                                                              -                      -     %                     -                 (100.0    )%                  (5.1       )
tax effect on special and non-gaap items(8)                                                                 (62.4       )           27.1     %                 (49.1       )           31.6     %                 (37.3       )
non-gaap: underlying income attributable to mcbc from continuing operations, net of tax                    $768.5                    5.7     %                $727.1                    2.3     %                $710.5
net income attributable to mcbc per diluted share from continuing operations                                $2.76                  (10.1    )%                 $3.07                   26.3     %                 $2.43
non-gaap: underlying net income attributable to mcbc per diluted share from continuing operations           $4.13                    4.6     %                 $3.95                    1.0     %                 $3.91
n/m = not meaningful
(1)   see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 8, "special items" of the notes to the consolidated financial statements ("notes") for additional information. special items for the year ended december 31, 2014 includes accelerated amortization expense of $4.9 million and accelerated depreciation expense of $4.0 million, which are included in our adjustments to arrive at underlying ebitda in the table below.
(2)   see "results of operations", "united states segment" under the sub-heading "special items" in this section for additional information. there were no tax effects related to our share of millercoors special items in 2014, 2013 or 2012.
(3)   in connection with the acquisition of starbev in 2012 ("acquisition"), we recognized fees in marketing, general and administrative expenses of $10.7 million and $40.2 million in 2013 and 2012, respectively, of which $2.3 million was recorded as depreciation expense in 2013.
concurrent with the announcement of the acquisition, we entered into a bridge loan agreement, which we terminated upon the closing of our issuance of the $1.9 billion senior notes. in connection with the issuance and subsequent termination of the bridge loan, we incurred debt fees of $13.0 million in the second quarter of 2012 recorded as other expense. additionally, in advance of our issuance of the $1.9 billion senior notes, we systematically removed a portion of our interest rate market risk in the second quarter of 2012 by entering into standard pre-issuance u.s. treasury interest rate hedges ("treasury locks"). this resulted in an increase in the certainty of our yield to maturity when issuing the notes during which we recognized a cash loss of $39.2 million on settlement of the treasury locks recorded as interest expense. further, we used the proceeds from our issuance of the $1.9 billion senior notes to
33
purchase euros. as a result of a negative foreign exchange movement between the euro and usd prior to using these proceeds to fund the acquisition, we realized a foreign exchange loss of $57.9 million on our euro cash holdings in the second quarter of 2012 recorded as other expense. we also recognized $10.7 million of interest expense in the second quarter of 2012 on our $1.9 billion senior notes prior to the closing of the acquisition and $0.9 million of additional interest expense in the third quarter of 2012. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 6, "other income and expense" and note 13, "debt" of the notes for additional information.
as part of the allocation of the consideration transferred for the acquisition, central europe's inventory value was increased by $8.6 million to its fair value in accordance with u.s. gaap in the second quarter of 2012. this resulted in a corresponding decline in gross profit after the acquisition date of june 15, 2012, as all of this inventory was subsequently sold in the second quarter of 2012.
(4)   we issued a €500 million zero coupon senior unsecured convertible note ("convertible note") to the seller in conjunction with the closing of the acquisition. the convertible note's embedded conversion feature was determined to meet the definition of a derivative required to be bifurcated and separately accounted for at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in earnings. in 2013 and 2012, we recognized an unrealized loss of $5.4 million and an unrealized gain of $8.0 million, respectively, recorded as interest expense related to changes in the fair value of the conversion feature. on august 13, 2013, the seller exercised the conversion feature at an agreed upon value of $14.4 million incremental to the convertible note's principal. upon settlement, $0.8 million was recognized as the realized gain on settlement of the conversion feature, which was initially recorded as a liability of $15.2 million when issued in the second quarter of 2012. additionally, within other income (expense), we recorded unrealized gains of $0.5 million and unrealized losses of $2.4 million and $23.8 million during 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, related to foreign currency movements on this convertible note. we additionally recorded a net loss within other income (expense) of $4.9 million during 2013 related to foreign exchange contracts and cash positions entered into to hedge our risk associated with the payment of this foreign denominated debt. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 13, "debt" and note 17, "derivative instruments and hedging activities" of the notes for additional information.
additionally, the unrealized changes in fair value on our commodity swaps not designated in hedging relationships are recorded as cost of goods sold within our corporate business activities. as the exposure we are managing is realized, we reclassify the gain or loss to the segment in which the underlying exposure resides, allowing our segments to realize the economic effects of the derivative without the resulting unrealized mark-to-market volatility. related to these derivatives, we recorded unrealized losses of $4.2 million and $2.7 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively, and an unrealized gain of $3.0 million in 2012.
(5)   in 2014, we recognized a gain of $11.3 million within marketing, general and administrative expenses related to the release of an indirect tax reserve recorded in conjunction with the initial purchase accounting for the acquisition and is related to the settlement of certain local country regulatory matters associated with pre-acquisition periods.
in 2013, we recognized a net gain of $23.5 million within other income related to the sales of non-core investment assets. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 6, "other income and expense" of the notes for additional information.
in 2012, we recognized a gain of $5.2 million related to a sale of water rights recorded as other income. additionally, other non-core items for 2012 include costs recognized related to the molson coors si'hai joint venture, changes to environmental litigation provisions and the write-off of provisions for repayment of tax rebates received in the u.k.
(6)   in the fourth quarter of 2012, the serbian government increased statutory corporate income tax rates from 10% to 15%, effective january 1, 2013. as a result of the impact of the rate change on differences between the book basis and tax basis of intangible and other assets purchased in the acquisition, we increased our deferred tax liability by, and recognized income tax expense of, $38.3 million.
(7)   the effect of noncontrolling interest on the adjustments used to arrive at underlying income, a non-gaap measure, is calculated based on our ownership percentage of our subsidiaries from which each adjustment arises. this adjustment relates to the goodwill impairment charge in our mc si'hai joint venture, for which we subsequently sold our ownership interest in 2013.
(8)   the effect of taxes on the adjustments used to arrive at underlying net income, a non-gaap measure, is calculated based on applying the underlying full-year effective tax rate to underlying earnings, excluding special and non-core items. the effect of taxes on special and non-core items is calculated based on the statutory tax rate applicable to the item being adjusted for in the jurisdiction from which each adjustment arises. additionally, the adjustment for 2014 includes an income tax benefit of $16.2 million recognized in the first quarter of 2014 related to the release of an
34
income tax reserve recorded in conjunction with the initial purchase accounting for the acquisition and is related to the settlement of certain local country regulatory matters associated with pre-acquisition periods.
the following table highlights summarized components of our consolidated statements of operations for the years ended december 31, 2014, december 31, 2013, and december 29, 2012, and provides a reconciliation of "underlying ebitda", a non-gaap measure, to its nearest u.s. gaap measure. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, "consolidated statements of operations" for additional details of our u.s. gaap results.
for the years ended december 31, 2014              change             december 31, 2013              change             december 29, 2012
(in millions, except percentages and per share data)
net income attributable to mcbc from continuing operations                                      $513.5                  (9.2    )%                $565.3                  28.0     %                $441.5
add: net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests                                    3.8                 (26.9    )%                   5.2                   n/m                        (3.9       )
net income (loss) from continuing operations                                                    $517.3                  (9.3    )%                $570.5                  30.4     %                $437.6
adjustments:
add: interest expense (income), net                                                              133.7                 (21.4    )%                 170.1                  (8.1    )%                 185.0
add: income tax expense (benefit)                                                                 69.0                 (17.9    )%                  84.0                 (45.6    )%                 154.5
add: depreciation and amortization                                                               313.0                  (2.3    )%                 320.5                  17.5     %                 272.7
adjustments included in underlying income(1)                                                     316.8                  56.4     %                 202.6                 (22.0    )%                 259.7
adjustments to arrive at underlying ebitda(2)                                                     (8.9       )          15.6     %                  (7.7       )         (82.0    )%                 (42.8       )
adjustments to arrive at underlying ebitda related to our investment in millercoors(3)           129.6                   0.9     %                 128.5                  (2.1    )%                 131.2
non-gaap: underlying ebitda                                                                   $1,470.5                   0.1     %              $1,468.5                   5.1     %              $1,397.9
n/m = not meaningful
(1)   includes adjustments to non-gaap underlying income within the table above related to special and non-core items.
(2)   represents adjustments to remove amounts related to interest, depreciation and amortization included in the adjustments to non-gaap underlying income above, as these items are added back as adjustments to net income attributable to mcbc from continuing operations.
(3)   adjustments to our equity income from millercoors, which include our proportionate share of millercoors' interest, income tax, depreciation and amortization, special items, and amortization of the difference between the mcbc contributed cost basis and proportionate share of the underlying equity in net assets of millercoors.
worldwide beer volume worldwide beer volume (including adjacencies, such as cider) is composed of our financial volume, royalty volume and proportionate share of equity investment str. financial volume represents owned beer brands sold to unrelated external customers within our geographical markets, net of returns and allowances. royalty beer volume consists of our brands produced and sold by third parties under various license and contract-brewing agreements. equity investment str brand volume represents our ownership percentage share of volume in our subsidiaries accounted for under the equity method, including millercoors and modelo molson imports, l.p. ("mmi"), our joint venture in canada with grupo modelo s.a.b. de c.v. ("modelo"). we finalized the termination of our mmi joint venture relationship in the first quarter of 2014. as such, our worldwide beer volume for the year ended december 31, 2014, includes our percentage share of volume in mmi through the transition period ended february 28, 2014. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 5, "investments" of the notes for additional discussion.
35
the following table highlights summarized components of our sales volume for the years ended december 31, 2014, december 31, 2013, and december 29, 2012:
for the years ended december 31, 2014            change           december 31, 2013            change           december 29, 2012
(in millions, except percentages)
volume in hectoliters:
financial volume                                                30.445                   (0.2   )%            30.521                   20.4     %           25.343
royalty volume(1)                                                1.580              16.8        %              1.353                   27.2     %            1.064
owned volume                                                    32.025              0.5         %             31.874                   20.7     %           26.407
proportionate share of equity investment sales-to-retail(2)     26.939                   (3.3   )%            27.864                   (2.8    )%           28.652
total worldwide beer volume                                     58.964                   (1.3   )%            59.738                    8.5     %           55.059
(1)   includes mci segment royalty volume that is primarily in russia, ukraine and mexico, and europe segment royalty volume in republic of ireland.
(2)   reflects the addition of our proportionate share of equity method investments str for the periods presented.
our worldwide beer volume decreased in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to lower volumes in the u.s. and canada, partially offset by increased volumes from mci. worldwide beer volume increased in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily due to including a full year of central europe volumes, as well as increased volumes in the u.k., partially offset by lower volumes in the u.s. and canada.
net sales the following table highlights the drivers of change in net sales for the year ended december 31, 2014, versus december 31, 2013 by segment (in percentages):
percent change 2014 versus 2013
volume        price, product and geography mix           currency           other                 total consolidated            (0.9   )%                      1.2   %                       (1.7   )%          -      %          (1.4   )%
canada                  (3.0   )%                      1.8   %                       (6.5   )%          -      %          (7.7   )%
europe                  (0.3   )%                      1.0   %                  2.7         %           -      %           3.4   %
mci               19.8         %          (2.4               )%                      (3.8   )%          -      %          13.6   %
corporate(1)               -   %          -                  %                       -      %           (8.3   )%         (8.3   )%
eliminations(2)        (10.4   )%         -                  %                       -      %           -      %         (10.4   )%
(1)   corporate net sales revenue includes the results of our water resources and energy operations in the state of colorado.
(2)   eliminations represent intercompany sales from europe to mci and are included in the europe driver changes. these intercompany sales are eliminated in consolidated totals.
cost savings initiatives cost reductions across our company in 2014 were largely consistent with 2013, totaling more than $70 million, driven by our canada and europe segments. millercoors delivered incremental cost savings in 2014 of approximately $143 million, of which our 42% share is approximately $60 million.
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization expense was $313.0 million in 2014, a decrease of $7.5 million compared to 2013, primarily due to decreased amortization of our intangible assets, as well as the impact of changes in foreign currency rates. depreciation and amortization expense was $320.5 million in 2013, an increase of $47.8 million compared to 2012, primarily due to a full year of central europe results.
36
income taxes our effective tax rate, a u.s. gaap measure, was approximately 12% in 2014, 13% in 2013 and 26% in 2012. our effective tax rates were significantly lower than the federal statutory rate of 35% primarily due to lower effective income tax rates applicable to our foreign businesses, tax planning strategies and favorable resolution of unrecognized tax positions. the 2014 effective tax rate decreased versus 2013 due to the settlement of our advance pricing agreement between the u.s. and canada tax authorities, and the favorable settlement of certain unrecognized tax positions in several jurisdictions. our 2014 and 2013 effective tax rate and underlying effective tax rate, a non-gaap measure, were lower compared to 2012 primarily due to the favorable resolution of unrecognized tax positions and lower valuation allowances. see table below for the reconciliation of our underlying effective tax rate to its nearest u.s. gaap measure.
for the years ended december 31, 2014            december 31, 2013          december 29, 2012
effective tax rate                         12         %                     13   %                     26          %
adjustments:
tax rate changes                           -          %                      -   %                     (5         )%
acquisition-related costs                  -          %                      -   %                     (2         )%
china impairments                          -          %                      -   %                     (1         )%
tax impact of special and non-core items   3          %                      2   %                      -          %
non-gaap: underlying effective tax rate    15         %                     15   %                     18          %
additionally, our unrecognized tax benefits decreased by $78.1 million, primarily driven by the favorable resolution of unrecognized tax positions, the settlement of certain tax audits and the expiration of various statutes of limitation. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 7, "income tax" of the notes for further discussion.
discontinued operations discontinued operations are associated with the formerly-owned cervejarias kaiser brasil s.a. ("kaiser") business in brazil and the related indemnity obligations to femsa cerveza s.a. de c.v. ("femsa") related to purchased tax credits and other tax, civil and labor issues. our results in 2012 also include amounts related to discontinued operations associated with a distributorship litigation which was settled in 2012. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 19, "commitments and contingencies" of the notes for further discussion.
37
results of operations canada segment for the years ended december 31, 2014              change           december 31, 2013              change           december 29, 2012
(in millions, except percentages)
volume in hectoliters                                                  8.075                  (3.1   )%                8.332                  (2.0   )%                8.505
sales                                                               $2,363.4                  (8.2   )%             $2,575.1                  (3.7   )%             $2,675.2
excise taxes                                                          (569.5       )          (9.8   )%               (631.3       )          (1.1   )%               (638.4       )
net sales                                                            1,793.9                  (7.7   )%              1,943.8                  (4.6   )%              2,036.8
cost of goods sold                                                  (1,021.6       )          (7.5   )%             (1,104.3       )          (1.5   )%             (1,120.7       )
gross profit                                                           772.3                  (8.0   )%                839.5                  (8.4   )%                916.1
marketing, general and administrative expenses                        (412.5       )          (7.9   )%               (448.0       )          (6.0   )%               (476.5       )
special items, net(1)                                                   41.8                   n/m                     (30.7       )   124.1         %                 (13.7       )
operating income (loss)                                                401.6                  11.3   %                 360.8                 (15.3   )%                425.9
other income (expense), net                                              5.2                 108.0   %                   2.5                (186.2   )%                 (2.9       )
income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes          $406.8                  12.0   %                $363.3                 (14.1   )%               $423.0
adjusting items:
special items, net(1)                                                  (41.8       )           n/m                      30.7           124.1         %                  13.7
other non-core items                                                       -                (100.0   )%                 (1.2       )           n/m                         -
non-gaap: underlying pretax income (loss)                             $365.0                  (7.1   )%               $392.8                 (10.1   )%               $436.7
n/m = not meaningful
(1)   see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 8, "special items" of the notes for detail of special items.
significant events in the fourth quarter of 2014, we entered into an agreement with sabmiller ("miller") for the accelerated termination of our license agreement, effective march 2015, under which we had exclusive rights to distribute certain miller products in canada. as a result, beginning in the second quarter of 2015 we will no longer distribute the miller brands in canada, which will adversely impact our volume and sales prospectively. additionally, in the fourth quarter of 2014, we became aware of a legal dispute related to brewers' retail, inc. ("bri"), our joint venture arrangement related to the distribution and retail sale of beer in ontario, which could result in an adverse impact to our future results. further, we finalized the termination of our mmi joint venture relationship in the first quarter of 2014. as such, our results for the year ended december 31, 2014, include our percentage share of the mmi results through the transition period ended february 28, 2014. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 5, "investments" and note 19, "commitments and contingencies" of the notes for further discussion of these matters impacting our canada business.
foreign currency impact on results during 2014, the canadian dollar ("cad") depreciated versus the usd on an average basis, resulting in a decrease of $22.9 million and $18.0 million to our 2014 usd earnings before income taxes and usd underlying pretax income, respectively. during 2013, the cad depreciated against the usd on an average basis, resulting in a decrease of $9.4 million and $11.3 million to our 2013 usd earnings before income taxes and usd underlying pretax income, respectively. included in these amounts are both translational and transactional impacts of changes in foreign exchange rates. the impact of transaction gains and losses is recorded within other income (expense).
volume and net sales strs decreased 4.7% in 2014 compared to 2013, driven by the termination of the mmi joint venture, decline in the overall industry, weak economic factors, increased competitor promotional activity and unfavorable weather across key regions this year.
38
the canadian beer industry strs decreased in 2014 compared to calendar year 2013. our market share also declined on a full-year basis.
sales volume decreased in 2014 compared to 2013, due to the continued industry softness and increased competitive pressure on our core brands.
net sales per hectoliter increased 1.8% in local currency in 2014 compared to 2013, driven by favorable pricing and mix shift to higher priced brands and packages.
strs decreased 1.9% in 2013 compared to 2012, driven by higher beer excise taxes in quebec, weak economic conditions, increased competitor promotional activity and unfavorable weather across key regions this year.
the canadian beer industry strs decreased slightly in calendar year 2013 compared to 2012. as a result, our market share declined slightly on a full-year basis.
sales volume decreased in 2013 compared to 2012, due to continued industry softness and increased competitive pressure on our core brands and in quebec, partially offset by export business results.
net sales per hectoliter increased 0.4% in local currency in 2013 compared to 2012, driven by favorable pricing and export business results offset by mix shift to lower priced brands and packages.
cost of goods sold cost of goods sold per hectoliter increased 2.3% in local currency in 2014 compared to 2013, driven by input inflation and fixed-cost deleverage, the termination of the modelo joint venture, sales mix shift toward higher-cost brands and packages, and increased promotional packaging expense. these factors were partially offset by cost savings. under the mmi arrangement, we recognized equity earnings within cost of goods sold of $0.7 million, $11.7 million and $12.0 million, during the years ended 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
cost of goods sold per hectoliter increased 3.6% in local currency in 2013 compared to 2012, driven by input inflation and fixed-cost deleverage, sales mix shift toward higher-cost brands and packages, increased promotional packaging expense, along with increased pension and other costs. these factors were partially offset by cost savings.
marketing, general and administrative expenses marketing, general and administrative expenses decreased 1.4% in local currency in 2014 compared to 2013, driven by cost savings, partially offset by higher marketing spending and incentive compensation, as well as cycling administrative cost recoveries from mmi. during the years ended 2014, 2013 and 2012, mcc recognized administrative cost recoveries under our agency and services agreement with mmi of $0.7 million, $6.8 million and $7.5 million, respectively. marketing spend and related recoveries under this agreement had zero impact on our results for all periods presented.
marketing, general and administrative expenses decreased 3.2% in local currency in 2013 compared to 2012, driven by reductions in incentive compensation and overhead costs.
39
united states segment for the years ended december 31, 2014             change            december 31, 2013             change            december 31, 2012
(in millions, except percentages)
volumes in hectoliters(1)                                                                   72.701                 (2.1    )%               74.274                 (2.7    )%               76.299
sales                                                                                     $8,990.4                  0.2     %             $8,969.8                    -     %             $8,966.6
excise taxes                                                                              (1,142.0       )         (2.3    )%             (1,169.0       )         (3.0    )%             (1,205.5       )
net sales                                                                                  7,848.4                  0.6     %              7,800.8                  0.5     %              7,761.1
cost of goods sold                                                                        (4,743.8       )          0.4     %             (4,723.7       )          0.7     %             (4,689.7       )
gross profit                                                                               3,104.6                  0.9     %              3,077.1                  0.2     %              3,071.4
marketing, general and administrative expenses                                            (1,755.9       )         (0.8    )%             (1,769.9       )         (3.2    )%             (1,828.5       )
special items, net                                                                            (1.4       )        (92.9    )%                (19.8       )        (37.7    )%                (31.8       )
operating income                                                                           1,347.3                  4.7     %              1,287.4                  6.3     %              1,211.1
interest income (expense), net                                                                (1.1       )        (31.3    )%                 (1.6       )         14.3     %                 (1.4       )
other income (expense), net                                                                    5.5                175.0     %                  2.0                 17.6     %                  1.7
income from continuing operations before income taxes and noncontrolling interests         1,351.7                  5.0     %              1,287.8                  6.3     %              1,211.4
income tax expense                                                                            (6.1       )         56.4     %                 (3.9       )        (29.1    )%                 (5.5       )
income from continuing operations                                                          1,345.6                  4.8     %              1,283.9                  6.5     %              1,205.9
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                          (19.4       )         44.8     %                (13.4       )        (10.7    )%                (15.0       )
net income attributable to millercoors                                                    $1,326.2                  4.4     %             $1,270.5                  6.7     %             $1,190.9
adjusting items:
special items, net of tax                                                                      1.4                (92.9    )%                 19.8                (37.7    )%                 31.8
non-gaap: underlying net income attributable to millercoors                               $1,327.6                  2.9     %             $1,290.3                  5.5     %             $1,222.7
(1)   includes contract brewing and company-owned distributor sales, which are excluded from our worldwide beer volume calculation.
40
the following represents our proportionate share of millercoors' net income reported under the equity method:
for the years ended december 31, 2014            change           december 31, 2013            change           december 31, 2012
(in millions, except percentages)
net income attributable to millercoors                                                                                                                     $1,326.2                 4.4     %            $1,270.5                 6.7     %            $1,190.9
mcbc economic interest                                                                                                                                           42       %                                    42       %                                    42       %
mcbc proportionate share of millercoors net income                                                                                                            557.0                 4.4     %               533.6                 6.7     %               500.2
amortization of the difference between mcbc contributed cost basis and proportionate share of the underlying equity in net assets of millercoors(1)             4.6                   -     %                 4.6                (6.1    )%                 4.9
share-based compensation adjustment(1)                                                                                                                          0.2               (75.0    )%                 0.8               (86.2    )%                 5.8
equity income in millercoors                                                                                                                                 $561.8                 4.2     %              $539.0                 5.5     %              $510.9
adjusting items:
mcbc proportionate share of millercoors special items, net of tax                                                                                               0.6               (92.8    )%                 8.3               (38.1    )%                13.4
non-gaap equity income in millercoors                                                                                                                        $562.4                 2.8     %              $547.3                 4.4     %              $524.3
(1)   see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 5, "investments" of the notes, for a detailed discussion of these equity method adjustments.
percent change 2014 versus 2013
volume            price, product and geography mix           currency           other          total millercoors   (2.2   )%    2.8                     %                       -      %           -    %    0.6       %
the discussion below highlights the millercoors results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2014, versus the year ended december 31, 2013, and for the year ended december 31, 2013, versus the year ended december 31, 2012.
volume and net sales domestic strs declined 2.5% in 2014 compared to 2013, driven by declines in both the premium light and economy portfolios, partially offset by growth in redd's, blue moon, leinenkugel's and coors banquet.
total stws volume declined 2.1% in 2014 compared to 2013. domestic stws decreased 2.5% versus 2013, driven by the decline in strs, while contract brewing volume increased slightly.
domestic net sales per hectoliter increased 2.9% in 2014 compared to 2013, driven by favorable net pricing and positive brand mix. total net sales per hectoliter, including contract brewing and company-owned distributor sales, increased 2.8% in 2014 compared to 2013.
domestic strs declined 2.8% in 2013 compared to 2012, driven by declines in both the premium light and economy portfolios, partially offset by growth in coors banquet and high single digit growth in tenth and blake, led by the leinenkugel's, blue moon and batch 19 brands.
total stws volume declined 2.7% in 2013 compared to 2012. domestic stws decreased 3.0% versus 2012, driven by the decline in strs, while contract brewing volume declined slightly.
domestic net sales per hectoliter increased 3.4% in 2013 compared to 2012, driven by net pricing and brand mix. total net sales per hectoliter, including contract brewing and company-owned distributor sales, increased 3.3% in 2013 compared to 2012.
cost of goods sold cost of goods sold per hectoliter increased 2.6% in 2014 compared to 2013, driven by commodity and brewery inflation, lower fixed-cost absorption, and higher costs associated with brand innovation.
41
cost of goods sold per hectoliter increased 3.5% in 2013 compared to 2012, driven by commodity and brewery inflation and higher costs associated with brand innovation, as well as lower fixed-cost absorption due to lower volume.
marketing, general and administrative expenses marketing, general and administrative expenses decreased slightly in 2014 compared to 2013, driven primarily by cost reductions, lower pension expenses and promotional spending, partially offset by increased brand investments.
marketing, general and administrative expenses decreased in 2013 compared to 2012, driven primarily by a reduction in media investment and lower pension expense.
special items, net during 2014, millercoors recognized special charges of $1.4 million related to restructuring activities.
during 2013, millercoors recognized special charges of $17.2 million related to restructuring activities and $2.6 million related to asset write-offs associated with a business transformation project.
during 2012, millercoors recognized special charges of $31.8 million, primarily due to the write-down of assets related to discontinuing the production of the home draft packaging line and the write-down of information systems assets related to a business transformation project partially offset by a pension curtailment gain.
other information millercoors distributes its excess cash to its owners, sabmiller and mcbc, on a 58% - 42% basis, respectively. as of december 31, 2014, and december 31, 2013, millercoors had cash of $9.3 million and $12.3 million, respectively. as of december 31, 2014, and december 31, 2013, millercoors had total debt of $1.7 million and $10.6 million, respectively. there are no restrictions from external sources on its ability to make cash distributions to its owners.
millercoors recognized $311.1 million, $291.5 million and $285.4 million of depreciation and amortization during 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
millercoors contributed $97.7 million (our 42% share was $41.0 million) to its defined benefit pension plans in 2014. for 2015, millercoors' contributions to its defined benefit pension plans are expected to be approximately $100 million to $120 million (our 42% share is $42 million to $50 million), which are not included in our contractual cash obligations.
42
europe segment the following represents our results of operations for europe for the years ended december 31, 2014, december 31, 2013, and december 29, 2012. amounts for the year ended december 29, 2012 include the pro forma results related to central europe to give effect to the acquisition as if it had occurred at the beginning of fiscal year 2012.
for the years ended
2014                                                                                                                   2013                                                                                                       2012
actual              change                  actual             actual-europe(1)             pro forma-central europe(5)            pro forma combined 2012(5)              change
(in millions, except percentages)
volume in hectoliters(2)                                            21.083               (0.3    )%             21.146                    15.896                               5.303                                 21.199                     (0.3    )%
sales(2)                                                          $3,384.1                3.6     %           $3,265.4                  $2,783.6                              $420.5                               $3,204.1                      1.9     %
excise taxes                                                      (1,183.8    )           4.1     %           (1,137.1    )             (1,036.1       )                       (92.8           )                   (1,128.9          )           0.7     %
net sales(2)(6)                                                    2,200.3                3.4     %            2,128.3                   1,747.5                               327.7                                2,075.2                      2.6     %
cost of goods sold(7)                                             (1,375.8    )           1.3     %           (1,357.5    )             (1,159.9       )                      (194.2           )                   (1,354.1          )           0.3     %
gross profit                                                         824.5                7.0     %              770.8                     587.6                               133.5                                  721.1                      6.9     %
marketing, general and administrative expenses(8)                   (573.1    )           0.6     %             (569.5    )               (431.4       )                      (108.8           )                     (540.2          )           5.4     %
special items, net(3)                                               (365.9    )         112.2     %             (172.4    )                (23.5       )                           -                                  (23.5          )           n/m operating income (loss)                                             (114.5    )           n/m                     28.9                     132.7                                24.7                                  157.4                    (81.6    )%
interest income(4)                                                     4.4              (10.2    )%                4.9                       5.7                                   -                                    5.7                    (14.0    )%
other income (expense), net                                           (1.8    )           n/m                      0.5                      (2.2       )                        (0.6           )                       (2.8          )        (117.9    )%
income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes       $(111.9    )           n/m                    $34.3                    $136.2                               $24.1                                 $160.3                    (78.6    )%
adjusting items:
special items, net(3)                                                365.9              112.2     %              172.4                      23.5                                   -                                   23.5                      n/m acquisition and integration related costs                                -             (100.0    )%                6.6                      13.0                               (11.1           )                        1.9                      n/m other non-core items                                                 (11.3    )           n/m                        -                      (0.7       )                           -                                   (0.7          )        (100.0    )%
non-gaap: underlying pretax income (loss)                           $242.7               13.8     %             $213.3                    $172.0                               $13.0                                 $185.0                     15.3     %
n/m = not meaningful
(1)   actual europe results for 2012 include the actual results for the u.k. for the full year 2012 combined with the actual results for central europe from the acquisition date of june 15, 2012, through december 31, 2012.
(2)   reflects gross segment sales and for 2014, 2013 and 2012 includes intercompany sales to mci of 0.057 million hectoliters, 0.066 million hectoliters and 0.246 million hectoliters, respectively and $5.3 million, $4.8 million and $16.0 million of net sales, respectively. the offset is included within mci cost of goods sold. these amounts are eliminated in the consolidated totals.
(3)   see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 8, "special items" of the notes for detail of special items.
(4)   interest income is earned on trade loans to on-premise customers exclusively in the u.k. and is typically driven by note receivable balances outstanding from period to period.
(5)   pro forma amounts for 2012 include the results of operations for starbev from january 1, 2012, to june 15, 2012, (pro forma central europe) and on a combined basis with the actual results of our historical post acquisition central europe and u.k. segments (pro forma combined) for the year ended december 29, 2012. these amounts also include pro forma adjustments as if starbev had been acquired on january 1, 2012, the first day of our 2012 fiscal year, including the effects of acquisition accounting as described below and eliminating non-recurring costs and expenses directly related to the transaction, but do not include adjustments for costs related to integration activities, cost savings or synergies that have been or may be achieved by the combined businesses. pro forma amounts are not necessarily indicative of what the results would have been had we operated the businesses since january 1, 2012, nor are they
43
indicative of the results that may be obtained in the future. financial information for starbev is from audited annual and unaudited interim financial information in euros derived from starbev's underlying books and records maintained in accordance with international financial reporting standards ("ifrs") and translated to usd using quarterly average exchange rates during each period indicated. based on our review of starbev's historical financial statements and understanding of the differences between u.s. gaap and ifrs, we are not aware of any further adjustments that we would need to make to starbev's historical financial statements to present them on a u.s. gaap basis except as noted below.
(6)   to align starbev to u.s. gaap and to our accounting policies, starbev's historical net sales were reduced by $25.4 million for the pre-acquisition period of january 1, 2012, to june 15, 2012, to reflect reclassifications relating primarily to the treatment of payments made to customers. specifically, in accordance with u.s. gaap, these customer payments are considered a reduction of net sales and, therefore, have been reclassified from marketing, general and administrative expenses. these amounts include $6.3 million for the pre-acquisition period of january 1, 2012, to june 15, 2012, that starbev classified as amortization associated with intangible assets related to customer supply rights.
(7)   to align starbev to u.s. gaap and to our accounting policies, starbev's historical cost of goods sold were increased by $37.6 million for the pre-acquisition period of january 1, 2012, to june 15, 2012, to reflect u.s. gaap reclassifications from the financial statements of starbev to align their presentation with ours. this adjustment primarily relates to the reclassification of $39.0 million for the pre-acquisition period of january 1, 2012, to june 15, 2012, of distribution and logistics costs from marketing, general and administrative expenses to cost of goods sold. additionally, there were $2.1 million for the pre-acquisition period of january 1, 2012, to june 15, 2012, of production equipment-related gains that were reclassified from marketing, general and administrative expenses to cost of goods sold. we also made pro forma adjustments to cost of goods sold for an increase of $1.7 million for the pre-acquisition period of january 1, 2012, to june 15, 2012, resulting from the purchase price allocation for the acquisition primarily driven by the amortization of the fair value of a favorable malting agreement within other intangibles offset in part by adjustments to decrease depreciation as a result of changes in the fair value of properties. additionally, $8.6 million of charges related to the non-recurring fair value adjustment to acquisition date inventory that are reflected in the historical post-acquisition mcbc results were added back for the fiscal 2012 results as they are non-recurring and directly related to the acquisition.
(8)   to align starbev to u.s. gaap and to our accounting policies, starbev's marketing, general and administrative expenses were reduced by $64.6 million for the pre-acquisition period of january 1, 2012, to june 15, 2012, to reflect reclassifications from the financial statements of starbev to align presentation with ours. along with the reclassifications discussed in notes (6) and (7) above, $2.3 million for the pre-acquisition period of january 1, 2012, to june 15, 2012, was added to marketing, general and administrative expenses to align recognition of various other immaterial items. we also made pro forma adjustments to reduce depreciation and amortization expense by $1.5 million for the pre-acquisition period of january 1, 2012, to june 15, 2012, to reflect the purchase price adjustments related to the valuations of properties and other intangibles. additionally, for the year ended december 29, 2012, $2.5 million in acquisition-related costs incurred in the second quarter of 2012 that are reflected in the historical post-acquisition mcbc results were removed from marketing, general and administrative expenses, as they are non-recurring and directly related to the acquisition. in order to provide meaningful trend analysis, the discussion below is based on actual results for 2014 and 2013 and pro forma results for 2012.
significant events our contract for the distribution of the modelo brands in the u.k. expired as of december 31, 2014, and the termination of our contract brewing arrangement with heineken in the u.k. will be effective at the end of april 2015. as a result of the loss of these agreements, we are taking actions to lessen the impact of losing this revenue. additionally, during the fourth quarter of 2014, we received an assessment from a local country regulatory authority in europe. while we intend to vigorously challenge the validity of the assessment and defend our position, if the assessment, as issued, is ultimately upheld it could materially affect our results of operations. see part i-item 1a risk factors and part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 19, "commitments and contingencies" of the notes for further discussion.
foreign currency impact on results our europe segment operates in numerous countries within europe, and each country's operations utilize distinct currencies. during 2014, foreign currency movements reduced our europe usd loss from continuing operations before income taxes by $8.8 million, and increased usd underlying pretax income by $7.7 million. during 2013, foreign currency movements negatively impacted our europe usd income from continuing operations before income taxes by $2.8 million, and positively impacted our usd underlying pretax income by $4.6 million. on a pro forma basis, foreign currency movements negatively
44
impacted our europe usd income from continuing operations before income taxes by $3.7 million and positively impacted usd underlying pretax income by $2.8 million. included in these amounts are both translational and transactional impacts of changes in foreign exchange rates. the impact of transactional gains and losses is recorded within other income (expense).
volume and net sales sales volume decreased slightly in 2014 compared to 2013, due to weak consumer demand, as well as the impacts of significant flooding in the balkans region in the second quarter of 2014. these factors were partially offset by improved performance in hungary, romania, czech republic and the u.k.
the business held market share overall, despite significant flooding in some of our highest share markets.
net sales per hectoliter increased 1.0% in local currency in 2014 compared to 2013, due to positive mix.
sales volume decreased in 2013 compared to 2012, on a pro forma basis, due to weak consumer demand, negative channel and package mix, as well as the impacts of a flood in czech republic in june 2013. these factors were partially offset by improved performance in the u.k., as well as overall positive pricing.
during 2013, the business delivered year over year growth in almost all key markets.
net sales per hectoliter increased 2.7% in local currency in 2013 compared to 2012, on a pro forma basis, due to positive net pricing and brand mix.
cost of goods sold cost of goods sold per hectoliter decreased 1.1% in local currency in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily driven by lower supply chain and distribution costs offsetting negative mix impact.
cost of goods sold per hectoliter increased 0.5% in local currency in 2013 compared to 2012, on a pro forma basis, primarily driven by adverse mix shift to higher cost packages, partially offset by lower supply chain costs.
marketing, general and administrative expenses marketing, general and administrative expenses decreased 1.4% in local currency in 2014 compared to 2013, driven by cost savings, the release of a regulatory reserve in the third quarter and a non-core gain related to the favorable resolution of an indirect-tax reserve during the first quarter of 2014, partially offset by higher investment behind core brands and innovation.
marketing, general and administrative expenses increased 5.3% in local currency in 2013 compared to 2012, on a pro forma basis, driven by driven by higher incentive compensation and investment behind core brands and innovation.
special items, net due to the continued macroeconomic challenges and worsening of the overall european economic environment, as well as significant flooding that occurred in certain of our central european markets in the second quarter of 2014, we recognized charges during the third quarter of 2014 of $360.0 million related to the impairment of two indefinite-lived intangible brand assets in europe resulting from our annual impairment testing process. we also recognized charges in 2013 of $150.9 million related to the impairment of indefinite-lived intangible brands in europe. if the macroeconomic environment continues to worsen or falls into recession, or certain brands continue to decline in volume, there is a risk of further impairment of certain brands in the future. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 12, "goodwill and intangible assets" for further discussion.
45
molson coors international segment for the years ended december 31, 2014                  change           december 31, 2013             change           december 29, 2012
(in millions, except percentages)
volume in hectoliters(1)                                          1.344                          21.2   %                 1.109                 (6.6   )%                1.188
sales                                                             $184.2                         13.2   %                $162.7                 (4.9   )%               $171.0
excise taxes                                                      (27.9           )              11.2   %                 (25.1       )   4.6          %                 (24.0       )
net sales                                                         156.3                          13.6   %                 137.6                 (6.4   )%                147.0
cost of goods sold(2)                                             (96.5           )              13.5   %                 (85.0       )         (5.7   )%                (90.1       )
gross profit                                                      59.8                           13.7   %                  52.6                 (7.6   )%                 56.9
marketing, general and administrative expenses                    (73.1           )               6.1   %                 (68.9       )        (21.2   )%                (87.4       )
special items, net(3)                                             -                            (100.0   )%                  4.4               (110.4   )%                (42.2       )
operating income (loss)                                           (13.3           )              11.8   %                 (11.9       )        (83.6   )%                (72.7       )
other income (expense), net                                       -                            (100.0   )%                  0.1                (83.3   )%                  0.6
income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes(4)   $(13.3          )              12.7   %                $(11.8       )        (83.6   )%               $(72.1       )
adjusting items:
special items, net(3)                                             -                            (100.0   )%                 (4.4       )       (110.4   )%                 42.2
other non-core items                                              -                                 -   %                     -               (100.0   )%                  0.5
non-gaap: underlying pretax income (loss)                         $(13.3          )             (17.9   )%               $(16.2       )        (44.9   )%               $(29.4       )
(1)   excludes royalty volume of 1.351 million hectoliters, 1.141 million hectoliters and 0.810 million hectoliters in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
(2)   reflects gross segment amounts and for 2014, 2013 and 2012 includes intercompany cost of goods sold from europe of $5.3 million, $4.8 million and $16.0 million, respectively. the offset is included within europe net sales. these amounts are eliminated in the consolidated totals.
(3)   see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 8, "special items" of the notes for detail of special items.
(4)   includes loss attributable to noncontrolling interest of $8.0 million in 2012.
foreign currency impact on results our mci segment operates in numerous countries around the world and each country's operations utilize distinct currencies. mci's results were insignificantly impacted by foreign currency movements in both 2014 and 2013. this includes an insignificant effect on both usd losses before income taxes and usd underlying pretax loss. the impact of transactional foreign currency gains and losses is recorded within other income (expense).
volume and net sales total sales volume, including royalty volumes, increased 19.8% and sales volume, excluding royalty volume, increased by 21.2% in 2014 compared to 2013, due to strong coors light growth in latin america and volume growth in india.
net sales per hectoliter decreased 6.3% in 2014 compared to 2013, driven by geographic mix and foreign currency movements.
sales volume, including royalty volumes, increased 12.6% in 2013 compared to 2012, due to the addition of the central europe export and license business, along with strong coors light growth in latin america markets, partially offset by the negative impact of transferring our carling travel and export business to the europe segment. excluding royalty sales (primarily in mexico and eastern europe), mci reported sales volume decreased in 2013 compared to 2012 due to the negative impact of transferring our carling travel and export business to the europe segment.
net sales per hectoliter increased 0.3% in 2013 versus 2012, driven by positive geographic mix, higher net pricing in china and the addition of contract brewing volume in india.
46
cost of goods sold cost of goods sold per hectoliter decreased 6.3% in 2014 compared to 2013, due to sales mix changes, foreign currency movement and geography mix.
cost of goods sold per hectoliter increased 1.1% in 2013 compared to 2012, due to the addition of contract brewing volume in india.
marketing, general and administrative expenses marketing general and administrative expenses increased in 2014 compared to 2013, due to increases in marketing investments, partially offset by lower overhead expenses and foreign currency movements.
marketing general and administrative expenses decreased in 2013 compared to 2012, due to lower marketing spending in low-margin accounts in china, as well as the exit from our china joint venture and reduced overhead expenses in other markets. these decreases were partially offset by increases in marketing investments related to the launch of coors and blue moon in australia.
corporate for the years ended december 31, 2014              change           december 31, 2013              change           december 29, 2012
(in millions, except percentages)
volume in hectoliters                                                      -                     -   %                     -                     -     %                   -
sales                                                                   $1.1                  (8.3   )%                 $1.2                     -     %                $1.2
excise taxes                                                               -                     -   %                     -                     -     %                   -
net sales                                                                1.1                  (8.3   )%                  1.2                     -     %                 1.2
cost of goods sold                                                      (4.7       )   30.6          %                  (3.6       )           n/m                       2.2
gross profit                                                            (3.6       )   50.0          %                  (2.4       )        (170.6    )%                 3.4
marketing, general and administrative expenses                        (105.2       )          (2.0   )%               (107.4       )         (17.9    )%              (130.8       )
special items, net(1)                                                   (0.3       )         (76.9   )%                 (1.3       )         (35.0    )%                (2.0       )
operating income (loss)                                               (109.1       )          (1.8   )%               (111.1       )         (14.1    )%              (129.4       )
interest expense, net                                                 (138.1       )         (21.1   )%               (175.0       )          (8.2    )%              (190.7       )
other income (expense), net                                             (9.9       )        (162.7   )%                 15.8                (118.4    )%               (85.8       )
income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes         $(257.1       )          (4.9   )%              $(270.3       )         (33.4    )%             $(405.9       )
adjusting items:
special items, net(1)                                                    0.3                 (76.9   )%                  1.3                 (35.0    )%                 2.0
acquisition and integration related costs                                  -                (100.0   )%                  4.1                 (97.4    )%               157.5
unrealized mark-to-market (gains) and losses                             3.7                 (76.0   )%                 15.4           20.3            %                12.8
other non-core items                                                       -                (100.0   )%                (22.3       )           n/m                      (4.8       )
non-gaap: underlying pretax income (loss)                            $(253.1       )          (6.9   )%              $(271.8       )   14.0            %             $(238.4       )
n/m = not meaningful
(1)   see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 8, "special items" of the notes for detail of special items.
marketing, general and administrative expenses marketing, general and administrative expenses decreased slightly in 2014 compared to 2013, due to acquisition and related integration costs recognized in 2013.
47
marketing, general and administrative expenses decreased in 2013 compared to 2012, due to higher acquisition and related integration costs recognized in 2012.
interest expense, net net interest expense decreased 2014 compared to 2013, driven by our ongoing efforts focused on deleveraging over the last year, which resulted in lower interest incurred on our outstanding borrowings, as well as an additional loss of $5.4 million included in 2013, related to the change in fair value on the conversion feature associated with the €500 million convertible note.
net interest expense decreased in 2013 compared to 2012, primarily driven by additional interest amounts incurred in 2012 related to financing activities in connection with the acquisition, as well as the resulting lower interest costs following the debt repayments in 2013.
other income (expense), net the impact of transactional gains and losses is recorded within other income (expense). other income in 2013 also includes a gain of $22.3 million resulting from the sale of a non-operating asset.
other expense in 2012 was primarily driven by a $57.9 million foreign exchange loss in 2012 on our euro cash holdings when we used the proceeds from our issuance of the $1.9 billion senior notes to purchase euros and experienced a negative foreign exchange movement between the euro and usd prior to using these proceeds to fund the acquisition. additionally, concurrent with the announcement of the acquisition, we entered into a bridge loan agreement, which we terminated upon the closing of our issuance of the $1.9 billion senior notes. in connection with the issuance and subsequent termination of the bridge loan, we incurred debt fees of $13.0 million in 2012. also, we recognized a net unrealized foreign exchange loss of $23.8 million related to financing instruments entered into in conjunction with the closing of the acquisition in 2012. finally, we recognized a $5.2 million gain on a sale of water rights and $2.3 million gain related to other foreign currency movements.
see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 6, "other income and expense" of the notes for further discussion of other income (expense) amounts.
liquidity and capital resources our primary sources of liquidity include cash provided by operating activities, access to external borrowings and monetization of assets. we believe that cash flows from operations, including distributions from millercoors, and cash provided by short-term and long-term borrowings, when necessary, will be more than adequate to meet our ongoing operating requirements, scheduled principal and interest payments on debt, anticipated dividend payments, potential share repurchases and capital expenditures for the next twelve months, and our long-term liquidity requirements. a significant portion of our trade receivables are concentrated in europe. while these receivables are not concentrated with any specific customer and our allowance on these receivables factors in collectibility, we may encounter difficulties in our ability to collect due to the impact to our customers of any further economic downturn within europe.
a significant portion of our cash flows from operating activities is generated outside the u.s., in currencies other than usd. as of december 31, 2014, approximately 93% of our cash and cash equivalents were located outside the u.s., largely denominated in foreign currencies. most of the amounts held outside of the u.s. could be repatriated to the u.s., but under current law, would be subject to u.s. federal and state income taxes, less applicable foreign tax credits. we accrue for u.s. federal and state tax consequences on the earnings of our foreign subsidiaries upon repatriation. when the earnings are considered indefinitely reinvested outside of the u.s., we do not accrue u.s. federal and state tax consequences. we utilize a variety of tax planning and financing strategies in an effort to ensure that our worldwide cash is available in the locations in which it is needed. we periodically review and evaluate these strategies, including external committed and non-committed credit agreements accessible by mcbc and each of our operating subsidiaries. these financing arrangements, along with the distributions received from millercoors are sufficient to fund our current cash needs in the u.s.
48
net working capital as of december 31, 2014, and december 31, 2013, we had debt-free net working capital of positive $103.0 million and negative $36.8 million, respectively. short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt are excluded from net working capital as they are not reflective of the ongoing operational requirements of the business. the levels of working capital required to run our business fluctuate with the seasonality in our business. our working capital is also sensitive to foreign exchange rates, as a significant majority of current assets and current liabilities are denominated in either cad or our european operating currencies such as, but not limited to, gbp, euro, czech koruna, croatian kuna, serbian dinar, new romanian leu, bulgarian lev and hungarian forint, while financial results are reported in usd. below is a table outlining our current and historical net working capital levels:
as of december 31, 2014       december 31, 2013(1)
(in millions)
current assets                                                                   $1,578.9               $1,537.7
less: current liabilities                                                        (2,325.3       )       (2,161.4          )
add back: current portion of long-term debt and short-term borrowings   849.4                       586.9
net working capital                                                                $103.0               $(36.8            )
(1)   current liabilities as of december 31, 2013, have been revised to reflect the correction of the liability for unrecognized tax benefits. see note 7, "income tax" for more details.
the increase in net working capital from negative $36.8 million at december 31, 2013, to positive $103.0 million at december 31, 2014, is primarily related to an overall increase in cash balances due to additional cash used in the prior year for the repayment of long-term debt obligations in the third quarter of 2013, as further discussed below as well as cash generated by operations. the increase in our cash balances was partially offset by the $379.8 million of net repayments on our commercial paper borrowings, as well as reducing our outstanding borrowings on our amended €100 million revolving credit facility which were both fully repaid in 2014. see additional discussion below under subheading "cash and cash equivalents" and part ii-item 8 financial statements, note 13, "debt" of the notes for further details of the current portion of long-term debt and short-term borrowings.
cash flows our business generates positive operating cash flows each year, and our debt maturities are of a longer-term nature. however, our liquidity could be impacted significantly by the risk factors described in part i, item 1a. risk factors.
cash flows from operating activities net cash provided by operating activities of $1,272.6 million in 2014, increased by $104.4 million compared to 2013. this increase was primarily due to higher net income, adjusted for increased non-cash add-backs, along with lower cash paid for pension contributions, interest, taxes and restructuring.
net cash provided by operating activities of $1,168.2 million in 2013, was higher by $184.5 million compared to 2012. this increase was primarily due to higher net income, adjusted for increased non-cash add-backs, including increases in our accounts payable and accrued trade payables balances, driven by the addition of our central europe operations, along with lower cash paid for interest, partially offset by higher income tax payments and pension contributions.
cash flows from investing activities net cash used in investing activities of $239.4 million in 2014, decreased by $37.6 million compared to 2013.
•   this decrease was primarily driven by lower net investments in millercoors, lower capital expenditures and higher return of capital from unconsolidated affiliates.
•   further, proceeds from sales of properties and other assets decreased by $44.8 million primarily due to the sale of our interest in our tradeteam joint venture to dhl as well as the sale of other non-core investment assets in 2013. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 5, "investments" and note 6, "other income and expense" of the notes for further discussion.
net cash used in investing activities of $277.0 million in 2013, decreased by $2,358.1 million compared to 2012.
49
•   this decrease was primarily driven by the $2,257.4 million used in the acquisition during the second quarter of 2012.
•   additionally, in 2012, we settled $110.6 million of our cross currency swaps.
•   further, proceeds from sales of properties and other assets increased $37.9 million in 2013 primarily due to the sale of our interest in our tradeteam joint venture to dhl as well as the sale of other non-core investment assets in 2013. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 5, "investments" and note 6, "other income and expense" of the notes for further discussion.
•   this decrease was partially offset by an increase in additions to properties of $71.6 million primarily related to investments in europe in 2013.
cash flows from financing activities net cash used in financing activities of $802.0 million in 2014, decreased by $257.2 million compared to 2013.
•   the decrease in cash used in financing activities is primarily related to additional 2013 payments of long-term debt partially offset by additional 2014 net payments on revolving credit facilities and commercial paper. during 2013 we repaid the $575 million convertible bonds, the €500 million convertible note (less the €44.9 million initially withheld) for $614.7 million, and the balance of our euro denominated term loan for $123.8 million.
comparatively, during 2014, we released $61.4 million (€44.9 million) of the €500 million convertible note to the seller. additionally during 2014, we made net payments of $513.9 million on our revolving credit facilities and commercial paper program compared to proceeds of $507.4 million in 2013. these payments in the current year were primarily driven by reducing the outstanding balances on our commercial paper borrowings and euro-denominated revolving credit facility to zero. additionally, we had net borrowings on our european notional cross-border, cross currency cash pool within our europe business of $74.1 million for 2014. comparatively, we were not in an overdraft position as of december 31, 2013 or as of december 29, 2012, and thus the net overdraft borrowings was zero in 2013.
•   during 2014 we repaid $65.2 million on our remaining cross currency swaps, which were extended and designated as a net investment hedge in the fourth quarter of 2011, compared to $119.4 million in 2013
•   the decrease in cash used in financing activities during 2014, was also offset by a $43.9 million decrease in the proceeds from exercise of stock options, including the related tax impact, as well as a $39.0 million increase in dividends paid.
net cash used by financing activities totaled $1,059.2 million in 2013, compared to net cash provided by financing activities of $1,171.4 million in 2012.
•   this change from "cash provided by" to "cash used in" financing activities was primarily driven by the $2,195.4 million in proceeds from issuance of long-term debt associated with the acquisition, reduced by the related debt issue costs of $40.3 million, during 2012. this amount was partially offset by payments during 2012 of $424.3 million and $105.0 million related to debt and overdraft balances, respectively, assumed in the acquisition, $181.9 million on our term loans and $44.8 million for the settlement of our 10-year senior notes issued in 2002.
•   during 2013 we repaid the $575 million convertible bonds, the €500 million convertible note (less the €44.9 million initially withheld) for $614.7 million, and the balance of our euro denominated term loan for $123.8 million (€93.7 million). these repayments were partially offset by net issuances under our commercial paper program and net borrowings on our euro-denominated revolving credit facility of $517.2 million.
•   we additionally made $119.4 million in net interest and notional payments primarily associated with our cross currency swaps, which were extended and designated as a net investment hedge in the fourth quarter of 2011, compared to only $8.2 million in net interest payments in 2012.
•   the increase in cash used in financing activities was partially offset by a $54.7 million increase in the proceeds from the exercise of stock options versus 2012.
see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 13, "debt" of the notes for a summary of our financing activities and debt position at december 31, 2014, and december 31, 2013.
50
underlying free cash flow we generated $956.7 million of underlying free cash flow in 2014. this represents a 7.3% increase in underlying free cash flow compared to $892.0 million in 2013, driven by increased distributions from our investment in millercoors, as well as lower cash paid for pension contributions, capital expenditures, interest and taxes, along with higher underlying income, after considering non-cash impairments and other non-cash adjustments. these increases were partially offset by a decreased benefit from changes in net working capital.
the following table provides a reconciliation of underlying free cash flow, a non-gaap measure, to the nearest u.s. gaap measure (net cash provided by operating activities).
for the years ended december 31, 2014           december 31, 2013           december 29, 2012
(in millions)
u.s. gaap:    net cash provided by operating activities                     $1,272.6                    $1,168.2                      $983.7
less:         additions to properties(1)                                      (259.5       )              (293.9       )              (222.3       )
less:         investment in millercoors(1)                                  (1,388.1       )            (1,186.5       )            (1,008.8       )
add:          return of capital from millercoors(1)                          1,382.5                     1,146.0                       942.4
add/(less):   cash impact of special items(2)                                  (55.8       )                48.8                        11.6
add:          costs related to the acquisition(3)                                  -                         7.7                       134.7
add:          millercoors investment in businesses(4)                            1.3                           -                        14.4
add:          millercoors purchase of noncontrolling interest(4)                   -                           -                         9.0
add:          millercoors cash impact of special items(4)                        3.7                         1.7                           -
non-gaap:     underlying free cash flow                                       $956.7                      $892.0                      $864.7
(1)   included in net cash used in investing activities.
(2)   included in net cash provided by operating activities. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 8, "special items" of the notes for further discussion.
(3)   included in net cash provided by operating activities and reflects acquisition and integration costs paid.
(4)   amounts represent our proportionate 42% share of the cash flow impacts.
capital resources cash and cash equivalents as of december 31, 2014, we had total cash and cash equivalents of $624.6 million, compared to $442.3 million at december 31, 2013. the increase versus prior year end was driven by the use of a significant amount of cash to repay the debt obligations in 2013 as discussed above. our cash and cash equivalents are invested in a variety of highly liquid investments with original maturities of 90 days or less. these investments are viewed by management as low-risk investments and on which there are little to no restrictions regarding our ability to access the underlying cash to fund our operations as necessary. we also utilize a cash pooling arrangement to facilitate the access to cash across europe.
borrowings the majority of our outstanding borrowings as of december 31, 2014, consisted of fixed-rate senior notes, with maturities ranging from 2015 to 2042, including the cad 900 million notes due september 2015. during 2014, we entered into interest rate swaps to economically convert our fixed-rate $500 million 3.5% notes due 2022 to floating rate debt. we also hold short-term borrowings primarily related to our overdrafts from our european cash pool and revolving credit facilities. see part ii-item 8 financial statements, note 13, "debt" of the notes for further details.
based on the credit profile of our lenders that are party to our credit facilities, we are confident in our ability to draw on such credit facilities if the need arises. during the third quarter of 2014, we refinanced our existing €150 million revolving credit facility in europe to provide €100 million on an uncommitted basis through september 2015. we had no outstanding borrowings under the €100 million facility as of december 31, 2014. additionally, as a result of the refinancing of our $950 million revolving credit facility in the second quarter of 2014, we made a reduction to the size of our existing commercial paper program to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of $750 million. there were no outstanding borrowings under this revolving credit facility or under our commercial paper program as of december 31, 2014, and thus we had $750
51
million available to draw on under this revolving credit facility as of december 31, 2014, as the borrowing capacity is reduced by borrowings under our commercial paper program. we also have japanese yen ("jpy") and euro ("eur") uncommitted lines of credit, and cad and british pound ("gbp") overdraft facilities with several banks should we need additional short-term liquidity.
additionally, during the second quarter of 2014, we began entering into forward starting interest rate swap agreements to manage our exposure to the volatility of the interest rates associated with future interest payments on a forecasted debt issuance. the forward starting interest rate swaps have an effective date of september 2015 and a termination date of september 2025 mirroring the terms of the forecasted debt issuance. under the agreements we are required to early terminate these swaps in 2015 at the time we expect to issue the forecasted debt.
under the terms of each of our debt facilities, we must comply with certain restrictions. these include restrictions on priority indebtedness (certain threshold percentages of secured consolidated net tangible assets), leverage thresholds, liens, and restrictions on certain types of sale lease-back transactions. the covenants specify that our leverage ratio cannot exceed 3.5x debt to ebitda, as defined in our credit agreement. as of december 31, 2014, and december 31, 2013, we were in compliance with all of these restrictions and have met all debt payment obligations.
see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 13, "debt" of the notes for a complete discussion and presentation of all borrowings and available sources of borrowing, including lines of credit.
use of cash as discussed above, during 2014 we released the final principal payments of €44.9 million ($61.4 million at settlement) for amounts withheld on the €500 million convertible note. additionally during 2014, we had net repayments of $513.9 million on our revolving credit facilities and commercial paper program. as of december 31, 2014, we had no outstanding borrowing on our commercial paper program and no outstanding borrowings on our €100 million revolving credit facility. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 13, "debt" of the notes for further discussion.
during 2014 we also early settled the final remaining cad 241 million notional of our outstanding currency swaps designated as a net investment hedge of our canadian operations for $65.2 million, and therefore, as of december 31, 2014, we do not have any cross currency swap positions outstanding.
as we continue to evaluate opportunities to deleverage, we may consider additional prepayment of our debt.
in 2014, we made contributions to our defined benefit pension plans of $33.6 million. our u.k. pension plan is subject to a statutory valuation for funding purposes every three years. the most recent valuation as of june 30, 2013, was completed during the first quarter of 2014 and resulted in a long-term funding commitment plan consisting of an mcbc guarantee of a gbp 150 million (approximately $230 million) lump-sum contribution which was paid in january 2015, using a combination of cash from our operations and a portion of the €100 million revolving credit facility, and annual contributions of gbp 24 million to be made from january 2017 through december 2026.
on february 10, 2015, we declared an increased regular quarterly dividend of $0.41 per share, payable march 16, 2015, to class a and class b shareholders of record on february 27, 2015. this dividend represents an 11% increase from the most recent quarter's dividend of $0.37 per share. in addition, molson coors canada inc. (tsx: tpx.b, tpx.a), declared a quarterly dividend of the canadian dollar equivalent of $0.41 per share using the february 10, 2015 noon spot exchange rate as reported by the bank of canada, payable march 16, 2015, to class a exchangeable and class b exchangeable shareholders of record on february 27, 2015.
on february 10, 2015, we announced that our board of directors approved and authorized a new program to repurchase up to $1.0 billion of our class a and class b common stock with a program term of four years. concurrent with the announcement of this new program, we terminated our previously existing program that was announced in 2011 for the repurchase of up to $1.2 billion of our class a and class b common stock. there were no repurchases under the previously existing program in 2014, 2013 or 2012.
credit rating our current long-term credit ratings are bbb+/stable outlook, baa2/stable outlook, bbb/stable outlook and bbb/stable outlook with standard and poor's, moody's investor services, fitch ratings and dbrs, respectively. similarly, our short-term credit ratings are a-2, prime-2, f2 and r-2, respectively. a securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, and it may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the rating agency.
52
foreign exchange foreign exchange risk is inherent in our operations primarily due to the significant operating results that are denominated in currencies other than usd. our approach is to reduce the volatility of cash flows and reported earnings which result from currency fluctuations rather than business related factors. therefore, we closely monitor our operations in each country and seek to adopt appropriate strategies that are responsive to foreign currency fluctuations. our financial risk management policy is intended to offset a portion of the potentially unfavorable impact of exchange rate changes on net income and earnings per share. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 17, "derivative instruments and hedging activities" of the notes for additional information on our financial risk management strategies.
our consolidated financial statements are presented in usd, which is our reporting currency. assets and liabilities recorded in foreign currencies that are the functional currencies for the respective operations are translated at the prevailing exchange rate at the balance sheet date. translation adjustments resulting from this process are reported as a separate component of other comprehensive income. revenue and expenses are translated at the average exchange rates during the period. gains and losses from foreign currency transactions are included in earnings for the period. the significant exchange rates to the usd used in the preparation of our consolidated financial results for the primary foreign currencies used in our foreign operations (functional currency) are as follows:
for the years ended december 31, 2014           december 31, 2013           december 29, 2012
weighted-average exchange rate (1 usd equals)
canadian dollar (cad)                               1.11                        1.03                        1.00
euro (eur)                                          0.75                        0.77                        0.80
british pound (gbp)                                 0.60                        0.64                        0.63
czech koruna (czk)                                 20.67                       19.60                       19.82
croatian kuna (hrk)                                 5.58                        5.70                        5.96
serbian dinar (rsd)                                84.82                       85.24                       89.97
new romanian leu (ron)                              3.33                        3.31                        3.55
bulgarian lev (bgn)                                 1.46                        1.48                        1.57
hungarian forint (huf)                            228.63                      223.91                      227.11
as of december 31, 2014           december 31, 2013
closing exchange rate (1 usd equals)
canadian dollar (cad)                      1.16                        1.06
euro (eur)                                 0.83                        0.73
british pound (gbp)                        0.64                        0.60
czech koruna (czk)                        22.86                       19.89
croatian kuna (hrk)                        6.33                        5.54
serbian dinar (rsd)                      100.30                       83.40
new romanian leu (ron)                     3.70                        3.25
bulgarian lev (bgn)                        1.62                        1.42
hungarian forint (huf)                   261.64                      216.26
the exchange rates for the years ended december 31, 2014, december 31, 2013, and december 29, 2012, have been calculated based on the average of the foreign exchange rates during the relevant period and have been weighted according to the foreign denominated earnings before interest and taxes of the usd equivalent.
foreign currencies in the countries in which we operate, specifically the cad, eur, czk, hrk and rsd, have devalued significantly over the last few months. if these rates are maintained at similar levels throughout 2015, then the impact on usd reported earnings may be material.
53
capital expenditures in 2014, we incurred $291.3 million, and paid $259.5 million, on capital improvement projects worldwide, which excludes capital spending by millercoors and other equity method joint ventures, representing a 2% decrease versus 2013 capital expenditures incurred of $296.8 million. we expect to incur capital expenditures in 2015 of approximately $330 million, excluding millercoors and other equity method joint ventures. the increase in planned expenditures from 2014 is primarily due to planned supply chain capital projects in canada and keg purchases in europe. we have increased our focus on where and how we employ our planned capital expenditures, specifically strengthening our focus on required returns on invested capital as we determine how to best allocate cash within the business.
contractual obligations and commercial commitments contractual obligations a summary of our consolidated contractual obligations as of december 31, 2014, and based on foreign exchange rates at december 31, 2014, is as follows:
payments due by period total                  2015             2016 - 2017           2018 - 2019            2020 and thereafter
(in millions)
debt obligations                               $3,179.9                $849.6                $730.3                    $-                    $1,600.0
interest payments on debt obligations           1,720.8                 123.6                 183.0                 145.0                     1,269.2
retirement plan expenditures(1)                   352.3                 276.2                  16.1                  16.9                        43.1
operating leases                                  119.3                  29.6                  34.2                  19.6                        35.9
other long-term obligations(2)                  2,326.3                 726.1                 650.9                 349.2                       600.1
total obligations                              $7,698.6              $2,005.1              $1,614.5                $530.7                    $3,548.3
see part ii - item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 13, "debt", note 16, "employee retirement plans and postretirement benefits", note 17, "derivative instruments and hedging activities" and note 19, "commitments and contingencies" of the notes for additional information.
(1)   represents expected contributions under our defined benefit pension plans in the next twelve months and our benefits payments under postretirement benefit plans for all periods presented. the net underfunded liability at december 31, 2014, of our defined benefit pension plans (excluding our overfunded plans) and postretirement benefit plans is $390.8 million and $162.2 million, respectively. defined benefit pension plan contributions in future years will vary based on a number of factors, including actual plan asset returns and interest rates, and as such, have been excluded from the above table. we fund pension plans to meet the requirements set forth in applicable employee benefits laws. we may also voluntarily increase funding levels to meet financial goals. pension contributions and postretirement benefit payments on a consolidated basis (excluding millercoors, bri and bdl) were $41.2 million in 2014. excluding millercoors, bri and bdl, we expect to make contributions to our defined benefit pension plans of $260 million to $270 million and benefit payments for our other postretirement benefit plans of approximately $10 million in 2015.
our u.k. pension plan is subject to a statutory valuation for funding purposes every three years. the most recent valuation as of june 30, 2013, was completed during the first quarter of 2014 and resulted in a long-term funding commitment plan consisting of an mcbc guarantee of a gbp 150 million lump-sum contribution (approximately $230 million) which was paid in january 2015, and annual contributions of gbp 24 million to be made from january 2017 through december 2026.
we have taken numerous steps in recent years to reduce our exposure to these long-term pension obligations, including the closure of the u.k. pension plan in early 2009 to future earning of service credit and benefit modifications in several of our canada plans. however, given the net liability of these plans and their dependence upon the global financial markets for their financial health, the plans will continue to periodically require potentially significant amounts of cash funding.
(2)   the "other long-term obligations" line primarily includes non-cancellable purchase commitments as of december 31, 2014, that are enforceable and legally binding. approximately $645 million of the total other long-term obligations relate to long-term supply contracts with third parties to purchase raw material, packaging material and energy used in production. approximately $1,190 million relates to commitments associated with tradeteam in the u.k. our aggregate commitments for advertising and promotions, including sports sponsorship, total approximately $251
54
million. the remaining amounts relate to derivative payments, sales and marketing, distribution, information technology services, open purchase orders and other commitments. included in other long-term obligations are $25.4 million of unrecognized tax benefits, excluding positions we would expect to settle using deferred tax assets, and $15.5 million of indemnities provided to femsa for which we cannot reasonably estimate the timing of future cash flows, and we have therefore included these amounts in the longer than 5 year bucket.
guarantees we guarantee indebtedness and other obligations to banks and other third parties for some of our equity investments and consolidated subsidiaries. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 19, "commitments and contingencies" of the notes for further discussion.
other commercial commitments as of december 31, 2014
amount of commitment expiration per period total amountscommitted        2014                     2015 - 2016            2017 - 2018            2019 and thereafter
(in millions)
standby letters of credit   $58.3                              $58.3               $-                     $-                     $-
contingencies we are party to various legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business, environmental litigation and indemnities associated with our sale of kaiser to femsa. additionally, during the fourth quarter of 2014, we received an assessment from a local country regulatory authority related to our europe operations. while we intend to vigorously challenge the validity of the assessment and defend our position, if the assessment, as issued, is ultimately upheld it could materially affect our results of operations. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 19, "commitments and contingencies" of the notes for further discussion.
off-balance sheet arrangements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, our operating leases are not reflected in our consolidated balance sheets. see part ii-item 8 financial statements, note 19, "commitments and contingencies" of the notes for further discussion of these off-balance sheet arrangements (as defined in item 303(a)(4)(ii) of regulation s-k).
outlook for 2015
in 2015, we will continue to drive our strategy of building a stronger brand portfolio, delivering value-added innovation, strengthening our core brand positions and increasing our share in above premium, craft and cider. we will do this while ensuring that we have a meaningful cost base and a deeply embedded focus on our approach to generating higher returns for our invested capital, managing our working capital and delivering a greater return on investment for our shareholders. through 2015 and beyond, we will continue to focus on delighting our consumers and our customers to ensure we are the first choice brewer in the geographies and segments in which we operate.
we anticipate that 2015 will, however, present various challenges, including a higher effective tax rate versus 2014. additionally, we anticipate substantial challenges to our usd results due to the impact of foreign currency translation, based on current foreign exchange rates, as well as the impact of the termination of three business contracts during the year. specifically, we expect our 2015 financial results to be negatively affected in the u.k. by the termination of our modelo distribution arrangement at the end of 2014 and the termination of our contract brewing arrangement with heineken at the end of april 2015. additionally, we have agreed to terminate our license agreement for the distribution of the miller brands in canada, effective at the end of march 2015. we expect the loss of these three contracts to negatively impact our 2015 pretax profit by approximately $40 million. we are taking actions to lessen the impact of losing these income streams, including the proposed closure of our alton brewery to adjust our u.k. cost base to reflect the loss of the heineken contract volume, along with the addition of the femsa brands to our business in canada and adding the modelo brands in central europe.
in canada, the market remains weaker than the u.s., and we intend to continue to invest in supply chain efficiency and capability and to streamline our canada cost base. in core brands, molson canadian just introduced the next chapter of its beer fridge campaign, and coors light will see more retail programing and new advertising early in 2015. in above-premium, consumer demand remains strong for coors banquet, molson canadian cider, and mad jack apple lager. last month, we
55
began the national launch of coors altitude, a 6.4% abv lager that is a refreshing alternative to spirits. this year, we also plan to introduce rickard's radler as a seasonal. in addition to heineken and strongbow, we are now marketing and distributing the rest of heineken's top-end import brands in canada, including desperados, dos equis, moretti, sol and tecate. in the regulatory arena, as the ontario government considers potential changes in the way beer is distributed in the largest canada province, we are working with the beer store organization to make this distribution system even better. we are expanding ownership opportunities to all ontario brewers, while continuing to offer the lowest pretax prices of any province to consumers, among the highest tax revenues to the ontario government, strong environmental stewardship, and a world-class responsible sale program.
we expect our 2015 canada cost of goods sold per hectoliter to increase at a mid-single-digit rate in local currency.
in the u.s., our primary focus will be to drive share in american light lagers, making sure consumers know the heritage behind miller lite and the cold-filtered rocky mountain refreshment of coors light. in 2014, we returned miller lite to growth in the fourth quarter with a total brand overhaul and redesign focusing on the brand's authenticity and heritage. in 2015, we plan to bring the same focus to returning coors light to growth by re-staging the brand while maintaining our core messaging around rocky mountain refreshment. in addition, we intend to continue to transform our portfolio to above-premium with innovations like redd's, smith & forge hard cider and further extensions from leinenkugel's and blue moon, such as our new blue moon white ipa. we plan to continue to build first choice customer partnerships, working with our distributors to bring more resources to the on-premise with our building with beer retail strategy, which leverages the higher velocity and brand appeal of american light lagers. overall, we also expect to continue to invest significantly in our brands and information technology, and as a result we do not expect to grow our u.s. operating margins in 2015.
we expect millercoors cost of goods sold per hectoliter to increase at a low-single-digit rate in 2015.
in europe, the economy continues to struggle with weak overall consumer demand and a deflationary backdrop, and we expect the continued growth of the value segment and lower-margin channels and package configurations to be challenges again in 2015. we plan to heavily invest in our major segment brands such as carling, ozujsko and jelen, while we continue the strong momentum of our above-premium, craft and cider portfolio. we are also adding the modelo brands to our international premium brand portfolio in central europe this year, but volume for these brands is currently much smaller than the annualized volume of the brands that we are losing in the u.k.
we expect our 2015 europe cost of goods sold per hectoliter to decrease at a mid-single-digit rate versus 2014 in local currency.
our international business will focus on growth and expansion in new existing markets. we will continue to drive strong momentum with coors light and coors 1873 in latin america along with growth in our india business. at the same time, we will remain disciplined with our cost base as we move toward our goal of achieving profitability by 2016.
we expect our 2015 mci cost of goods sold per hectoliter to decrease at a low-double-digit rate, primarily due to changes in the geographic mix and foreign currency.
we expect 2015 marketing, general and administrative expense in corporate to be approximately $110 million.
we currently anticipate approximately $260 million to $270 million of cash contributions to our defined benefit pension plans in 2015 and pension expense of approximately $20 million, based on foreign exchange rates as of december 31, 2014. the increase in our expected cash contributions in 2015 is due to a gbp 150 million (approximately $230 million) lump sum payment made to our u.k. pension plan in january 2015. millercoors, bri and bdl pension expense and contributions to their respective defined benefit pension plans are excluded here, as they are not consolidated in our financial statements.
interest we anticipate 2015 consolidated net interest expense of approximately $120 million, based on foreign exchange rates as of december 31, 2014.
tax our tax rate is volatile and may move up or down with changes in, among other things, the amount and source of income or loss, our ability to utilize foreign tax credits, changes in tax laws, and the movement of liabilities established pursuant to accounting guidance for uncertain tax positions as statutes of limitations expire or positions are otherwise effectively settled. we expect our 2015 underlying tax rate to be in the range of 18% to 22%. we expect our normalized long-term underlying effective tax rate to be in the range of 20% to 24%, assuming no further changes in tax laws, settlement of tax audits, or adjustments to our uncertain tax positions. there are proposed or pending tax law changes in various jurisdictions in which we do business that, if enacted, may have an impact on our underlying effective tax rate.
56
dividends on february 10, 2015, we declared an increased regular quarterly dividend of $0.41 per share, payable march 16, 2015, to class a and class b shareholders of record on february 27, 2015. this dividend represents an 11% increase from the most recent quarter's dividend of $0.37 per share and continues to fall within our previously established range of 18% to 22% of underlying ebitda. in addition, molson coors canada inc. (tsx: tpx.b, tpx.a), declared a quarterly dividend of the canadian dollar equivalent of $0.41 per share using the february 10, 2015 noon spot exchange rate as reported by the bank of canada, payable march 16, 2015, to class a exchangeable and class b exchangeable shareholders of record on february 27, 2015.
critical accounting estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. in connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, we are required to make judgments and estimates that significantly affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosures. our estimates are based on historical experience, current trends and various other assumptions we believe to be relevant under the circumstances. we review the underlying factors used in our estimates regularly, including reviewing the significant accounting policies impacting the estimates, to ensure compliance with u.s. gaap. however, due to the uncertainty inherent in our estimates, actual results may be materially different. we have identified the accounting estimates below as critical to understanding and evaluating the financial results reported in our consolidated financial statements.
for a complete description of our significant accounting policies, see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 1, "basis of presentation and summary of significant accounting policies" of the notes.
pension and other postretirement benefits our defined benefit pension plans cover certain current and former employees in canada, the u.k. (within our europe segment) and japan (within our mci segment). our other postretirement benefit ("opeb") plans provide medical benefits for retirees and their eligible dependents as well as life insurance for certain retirees in canada, the u.s., and europe. the canada and u.k. defined benefit pension plans are primarily funded, but the japan plan and all opeb plans are unfunded. we also offer defined contribution plans in each of our segments.
accounting for pension and opeb plans requires that we make assumptions that involve considerable judgment which are significant inputs in the actuarial models that measure our net pension and opeb obligations and ultimately impact our earnings. these include the discount rate, long-term expected rate of return on assets, compensation trends, inflation considerations, health care cost trends and other assumptions, as well as determining the fair value of assets in our funded plans.
specifically, the discount rates, as well as the expected rates of return on assets and plan asset fair value determination, are important assumptions used in determining the plans' funded status and annual net periodic pension and opeb benefit costs. we evaluate these critical assumptions at least annually on a plan and country-specific basis. we also, with the help of actuaries, periodically evaluate other assumptions involving demographic factors, such as retirement age, mortality and turnover, and update them to reflect our experience and expectations for the future. while we believe that our assumptions are appropriate, significant differences in our actual experience or significant changes in our assumptions may materially affect our net pension and postretirement benefit obligations and related expense.
discount rates the assumed discount rates are used to present-value future benefit obligations based on each plan's respective duration. the canada pension and postretirement discount rates are based on our annual evaluation of high quality corporate bonds in the canada market based on appropriate indices and actuarial guidance. the u.k. pension discount rate is based on information obtained from our actuary and reviewed in comparison with a published bond index reflective of the duration of our defined benefit pension obligations. we believe that our discount rate assumptions are appropriate; however, significant changes in our assumptions may materially affect our pension and opeb obligations and related expense.
at december 31, 2014, on a weighted-average basis, the discount rates used were 3.70% for our defined benefit pension plans and 4.15% for our opeb plans. this is a decrease from the weighted-average discount rates of 4.57% for our defined benefit pension plans and 4.79% for our postretirement plans at december 31, 2013, resulting from expectations for global gross domestic product ("gdp") growth at a slower rate than prior years, along with global deflationary factors.
57
a 50 basis point change in our discount rate assumptions would have had the following effects on the projected benefit obligation balances as of december 31, 2014, for our pension and opeb plans:
impact to projected benefit obligation as of december 31, 2014
- 50 basis points decrease                            increase
(in millions)
projected benefit obligation - unfavorable (favorable)
pension obligation                                           $288.5                              $(333.9           )
opeb obligation                                          10.9                                    (11.7             )
total impact to the projected benefit obligation             $299.4                              $(345.6           )
our uk pension plan includes benefits linked to inflation. the above sensitivity analysis does not consider the implications to inflation resulting from the above contemplated discount rate changes. this sensitivity holds all other assumptions constant.
long term expected rates of return on assets the assumed long-term expected return on assets ("eroa") is used to estimate the actual return that will occur on each individual funded plan's respective plan assets in the upcoming year. we determine each plan's eroa with substantial input from independent investment specialists, including our actuaries and other consultants. in developing each plan's eroa, we consider current and expected asset allocations, historical market rates as well as historical and expected returns on each plan's individual asset classes. in developing future return expectations for each of our plan's assets, we evaluate general market trends as well as key elements of asset class returns such as expected earnings growth, yields and spreads. the calculation includes inputs for interest, inflation, credit, and risk premium (active investment management) rates and fees paid to service providers. based on the above factors and expected asset allocations, we have assumed, on a weighted-average basis, an eroa of 5.46% for our defined benefit pension plan assets for cost recognition in 2015. this is a decrease from the weighted-average rate of 6.16% we had assumed in 2014. we believe that our eroa assumptions are appropriate; however, significant changes in our assumptions or actual returns that differ significantly from estimated returns may materially affect our net periodic pension costs.
our eroa assumptions are applied to each of our plan's assets using the "market-related value", which utilizes a delayed approach to recognition of asset-related gains and losses to reduce volatility resulting from significant market movements. specifically, while employer contributions and realized gains and losses (such as dividends received or gains and losses on sales of assets) are reflected immediately in the market-related value of assets, each year's unrealized gains and losses are amortized into the market-related value over five years. therefore, significant divergences of actual returns from expected returns may not have an immediate impact on each of our plan's future net periodic pension costs; rather, such differences will be amortized over the five years following the event. therefore, future years' pension expense will continue to be impacted by the gains and losses experienced in prior years.
a 50 basis point change in our discount rate and expected return on assets assumptions made at the beginning of 2014 would have had the following effects on 2014 net periodic pension and postretirement benefit costs:
impact to 2014 pension and postretirement benefit costs - 50
basis points (unfavorable) favorable decrease                                    increase
(in millions)
description of pension and postretirement plan sensitivity item expected return on pension plan assets                            $(16.2                )                     $16.2
discount rate on pension plans                                    $(10.8                )                     $9.9
discount rate on postretirement plans                             $(0.1                 )                     $-
fair value of plan assets we recognize our defined benefit pension plans as assets or liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets based on their underfunded or overfunded status as of our year end and recognize changes in the funded status in the year in which the changes occur within other comprehensive income. our funded status of our defined benefit pension plans is measured as the
58
difference between each plan's projected benefit obligation ("pbo") and its assets' fair values. the fair value of plan assets is determined by us using available market information and appropriate valuation methodologies. however, considerable judgment is required in selecting an appropriate methodology and interpreting market data to develop the estimates of fair value, especially in the absence of quoted market values in an active market. changes in these assumptions or the use of different market inputs may have a material impact on the estimated fair values or the ultimate amount at which the plan assets are available to satisfy our plan obligations.
equity assets are diversified between domestic and other international investments. relative allocations reflect the demographics of the respective plan participants. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 16, "employee retirement plans and postretirement benefits" of the notes for a comparison of target asset allocation percentages to actual asset allocations at december 31, 2014.
other considerations our net periodic pension and postretirement benefit costs are also influenced by the potential amortization (or non-amortization) from accumulated other comprehensive income of deferred gains and losses, which occur when actual experience differs from estimates. we employ the corridor approach for determining each plan's amortization. this approach defines the "corridor" as the greater of 10% of the pbo or 10% of the market-related value of plan assets (as discussed above) and requires amortization of the excess net gain or loss that exceeds the corridor over the average remaining service periods of active plan participants in canada. as our u.k. plan is closed, the average remaining life expectancy of all plan participants (including retirees) is used. if our actuarial losses significantly exceed this corridor in the future, significant incremental pension and postretirement costs could result. as of year end 2014, the deferred losses of several of our canadian plans, as well as those in our u.k. plan, exceeded the 10% corridor.
the assumed health care cost trend rates represent the rates at which health care costs are assumed to increase and are based on actuarial input and consideration of historical and expected experience. we use these trends as a significant assumption in determining our postretirement benefit obligation and related costs. changes in our projections of future health care costs due to general economic conditions and those specific to health care will impact this trend rate. an increase in the trend rate would increase our obligation and expense of our postretirement health care plan. we believe that our health care cost trend rate assumptions are appropriate; however, significant changes in our assumptions may materially affect our postretirement benefit obligations and related costs. at december 31, 2014, the health care trend rates used were ranging ratably from 7.7% in 2015 to 4.5% in 2028, consistent with rates used at december 31, 2013. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 16, "employee retirement plans and postretirement benefits" of the notes for the impact of a one-percentage point change in assumed health care cost trend rates on total service and interest cost components and postretirement benefit obligation at december 31, 2014.
contingencies, environmental and litigation reserves contingencies, environmental and litigation reserves are recorded, when probable, using our best estimate of loss. this estimate, involving significant judgment, is based on an evaluation of the range of loss related to such matters and where the amount and range can be reasonably estimated. these matters are generally resolved over a number of years and only when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. following our initial determination, we regularly reassess and revise the potential liability related to any pending matters as new information becomes available. unless capitalization is allowed or required by u.s. gaap, environmental and legal costs are expensed when incurred. we disclose pending loss contingencies when the loss is deemed reasonably possible, which requires significant judgment. as a result of the inherent uncertainty of these matters, the ultimate conclusion and actual cost of settlement may materially differ from our estimates. we recognize contingent gains upon the determination that realization is assured beyond a reasonable doubt, regardless of the perceived probability of a favorable outcome prior to achieving that assurance. in the instance of gain contingencies resulting from favorable litigation, due to the numerous uncertainties inherent in a legal proceeding, gain contingencies resulting from legal settlements are not recognized in income until cash or other forms of payment are received. if significant and probable, we disclose as appropriate.
see part i-item 3 legal proceedings and part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 19, "commitments and contingencies" of the notes for a discussion of our contingencies, environmental and litigation reserves as of december 31, 2014.
goodwill and intangible asset valuation goodwill is allocated to the reporting unit in which the business that created the goodwill resides. a reporting unit is an operating segment, or a business unit one level below that operating segment, for which discrete financial information is prepared and regularly reviewed by segment management. the operations in each of the specific regions within our canada, europe and mci segments are components based on the availability of discrete financial information and the regular review by segment management. therefore, the components within each respective segment must be evaluated for aggregation to
59
determine if the components have similar economic characteristics. as a result, in certain cases, we have aggregated business units, within an operating segment, into one reporting unit if the specific aggregation criteria under u.s. gaap is met. specifically, we have concluded that the components within the canada and europe segment each meet the criteria as having similar economic characteristics and therefore have aggregated these components into the canada and europe reporting units, respectively. therefore, the canada and europe reporting units are consistent with our operating segments. however, for our india business, the reporting unit is one level below the mci operating segment. any change to the conclusion of our reporting units or the aggregation of components within our reporting units could result in a different outcome to our annual impairment test. our significant indefinite-lived intangible assets include the molson core brands and the coors light distribution rights in canada, and the carling, staropramen, jelen, ozujsko, kamenitza, branik and niksicko brands in europe.
we evaluate the carrying value of our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually or when an interim triggering event occurs that would indicate that impairment may have taken place. we evaluate our other definite-lived intangible assets for impairment when evidence exists that certain events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable. significant judgments and assumptions are required in such impairment evaluations.
our annual evaluation involves comparing each reporting unit's fair value to its respective carrying value, including goodwill. if the fair value exceeds carrying value, then we conclude that no goodwill impairment has occurred. if a reporting unit's carrying value exceeds its fair value, a second step is required to measure possible goodwill impairment loss. this step, if required, would include valuing all tangible and intangible assets and liabilities of the reporting unit, excluding goodwill. then, the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill derived from this step would be compared to the carrying value of that goodwill. if the carrying value of the reporting unit's goodwill were to exceed the implied fair value of the goodwill, we would recognize an impairment loss in an amount equal to the excess.
we use a combination of discounted cash flow analyses and market approaches to determine the fair value of each of our reporting units, and an excess earnings approach to determine the fair values of our indefinite-lived intangible assets. our discounted cash flow projections include assumptions for growth rates for sales, costs and profits, which are based on various long-range financial and operational plans of each reporting unit or each indefinite-lived intangible asset. additionally, discount rates used in our goodwill analysis are based on weighted-average cost of capital, driven by the prevailing interest rates in geographies where these businesses operate, as well as the credit ratings, financing abilities and opportunities of each reporting unit, among other factors. discount rates for the indefinite-lived intangible analysis by brand largely reflect the rates supporting the overall reporting unit valuation but may differ slightly to adjust for country or market specific risk associated with a particular brand. our market-based valuations utilize earnings multiples of comparable public companies, which are reflective of the market in which each respective reporting unit operates, and recent comparable market transactions.
changes in the factors used in our fair value estimates, including declines in industry or company-specific beer volume sales, margin erosion, termination of brewing and/or distribution agreements with other brewers, and discount rates used, could have a significant impact on the fair values of the reporting units.
during the fourth quarter of 2014, we changed the date of our annual impairment test for goodwill and indefinite lived intangible assets from july 1, the first day of our fiscal third quarter, to october 1, the first day of our fiscal fourth quarter. the change was made to more closely align the impairment testing date with our strategic and annual operating planning and forecasting process. the change in accounting principle is preferable, as it will align the impairment testing data with the most current information available from the annual operating plan, and allow for the completion of the annual impairment testing closer to the end of our annual reporting period. based on the results of our testing performed as of october 1, 2014, we concluded there were no impairments of goodwill within our europe, canada or india reporting units or impairments of our indefinite-lived intangible assets. the results of our october 1, 2014, testing were largely consistent with the results of our july 1, 2014 testing. see further discussion below.
reporting units and goodwill our 2014 annual goodwill impairment testing determined that our europe and canada reporting units were at risk of failing step one of the goodwill impairment test. specifically, the fair value of the europe and canada reporting units were estimated at approximately 14% and 11% in excess of carrying value, respectively, as of the october 1 testing date. prior to recognizing the brand impairments discussed below, the excess of the fair value over the carrying value of the europe reporting unit declined from the prior year. the decrease was driven by challenging macroeconomic conditions in europe negatively impacting our business, as well as declines in the forecasts of certain european brands, which have been adversely impacted by the expected prolonged recovery from recent flooding and an accelerated consumer trend to value brands. these impacts were partially offset by improvements to market multiples. the canada reporting unit had a marginal decrease from the prior year primarily due to continued competitive pressures and economic weakness in the canadian market, partially offset by improved market multiples.
60
intangible assets in 2014, our initial indefinite-lived intangible impairment testing performed as of july 1, 2014, determined that the fair values of the jelen and ozujsko indefinite-lived brand intangibles within our europe segment were below their respective carrying values. as a result, we recorded an aggregate impairment charge of $360.0 million within special items in the third quarter of 2014. the impairment of the jelen brand was driven by ongoing macroeconomic challenges exacerbated by severe flooding in the balkans region in the second quarter of 2014. this flooding caused significant damage to the infrastructure within the serbian and bosnian markets, for which jelen is our primary brand, which resulted in a decrease in the brand's projected cash flows. we have analyzed the potential impact of the flood to these markets and have incorporated a prolonged recovery in our projected cash flows based on recent assessments of the recovery efforts and resulting macroeconomic effects to the region. additionally, the aftermath of the flood has further contributed to an already challenging market and has led to an acceleration of the consumer trend toward value brands. the impairment of the ozujsko brand was driven by the continued significant economic pressures in croatia, ozujsko's primary market, which resulted in a decline in the brand's projected cash flows. the macroeconomic environment has driven low realized and expected gdp growth and was worsened by the previously mentioned flooding during croatia's peak tourism season, along with the flooding in bosnia, discussed above, where ozujsko is also sold. these lower projected cash flows have lagged previously made assumptions based on forecasted macroeconomic recoveries, resulting in the impairments. the remaining europe indefinite-lived intangibles' fair values, including staropramen and carling brands, while facing similar macroeconomic challenges, were sufficiently in excess of their respective carrying values, with the exception of niksicko. specifically, the performance of niksicko, our primary brand in montenegro, is also dependent on the serbian and bosnian markets and is facing similar challenges to those discussed above. as each of jelen and ozujsko's fair values is equal to its carrying value at the date of impairment, these brands, along with niksicko, are therefore at risk of future impairment, as any additional decline in their forecasted future cash flows may result in a decrease to the fair value of the brand over its respective carrying value. the results of our subsequent testing performed as of october 1, 2014, did not result in further impairment, however, these brands remain at risk of future impairment. as of december 31, 2014, these at-risk intangible assets had a carrying value of $817.2 million.
separately, our molson core brand intangible continues to be at risk of future impairment with a fair value estimated at approximately 9% in excess of its carrying value as of the impairment testing date. although the fair value of the molson core brands in excess of carrying value increased slightly from the prior year, they continue to face significant competitive pressures and challenging macroeconomic conditions in the canada market. these challenges continue to be offset by anticipated cost savings initiatives, which resulted in a slight increase in the brand fair value in excess of carrying value from our prior year valuation. as of december 31, 2014, the molson core brand intangible had a carrying value of $2,612.4 million. the value of the coors light brand distribution rights and our other indefinite-lived intangibles in canada continue to be sufficiently in excess of their carrying values. we utilized level 3 fair value measurements in our impairment analysis of our indefinite-lived intangible assets, which utilizes an excess earnings approach to determine the fair values of the assets as of the testing date. the future cash flows used in the analysis are based on internal cash flow projections based on our long range plans and include significant assumptions by management as noted below.
key assumptions the europe and canada reporting units' goodwill, the molson core brand intangible, and certain indefinite-lived brand intangibles within europe are at risk of future impairment in the event of significant unfavorable changes in the forecasted cash flows (including significant delays in projected macroeconomic recovery, greater-than-anticipated flood impacts to certain regions' performance, or prolonged adverse economic conditions), terminal growth rates, market multiples and/or weighted-average cost of capital utilized in the discounted cash flow analyses. for testing purposes, management's best estimates of the expected future results are the primary driver in determining the fair value. current projections used for our europe reporting unit and indefinite-lived intangible assets testing reflect continued challenging environments in the future followed by growth resulting from a longer term recovery of the macroeconomic environment, as well as the benefit of anticipated cost savings and specific brand-building and innovation activities. our canada reporting unit and molson core brand projections also reflect a continued challenging environment that has been adversely impacted by a weak economy across all industries, as well as weakened consumer demand driven by increased competitive pressures, partially offset by anticipated cost savings and specific brand-building and innovation activities. fair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions and factors. as a result, there can be no assurance that the estimates and assumptions made for purposes of the 2014 annual goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible impairment test will prove to be an accurate prediction of the future. examples of events or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to negatively affect the underlying key assumptions and ultimately impact the estimated fair value of our canada and europe reporting units, molson core brand, and the at-risk european brands (jelen, ozujsko and niksicko) may include such items as: (i) a decrease in expected future cash flows, specifically, a decrease in sales volume and increase in costs due to another natural disaster or other unknown event that could significantly impact our immediate and long-range results, a decrease in sales volume driven by a prolonged weakness in consumer demand or other competitive pressures adversely affecting our long term volume trends, a continuation of the trend
61
away from core brands towards value brands in certain of our markets, especially in markets where our core brands represent a significant portion of the market, unfavorable working capital changes and an inability to successfully achieve our cost savings targets, (ii) an economic recovery that significantly differs from our assumptions in timing and/or degree (such as a recession or continued worsening of the overall european economy), an inability of the market to successfully recover from the recent severe flooding in several of our central european markets, (iii) volatility in the equity and debt markets or other country specific factors which could result in a higher discount rate; and (iv) sensitivity to market multiples.
in 2014, the discount rates used in developing our fair value estimates for each of our reporting units were 8.5%, 9.5% and 16.0% for our canada, europe and india reporting units, respectively. these compared to discount rates used in our 2013 testing of 10.5%, 10.5% and 16.0% for our canada, europe and india reporting units, respectively. discount rates used for testing of indefinite-lived intangibles ranged from 7.5% to 14.0% considering the country specific risk premium for each geography in which our brands are based. the decrease in the discount rates is primarily due to a reduction in the unsystematic risk premium as we refined inputs compared to those used in our historical discounted cash flow analyses. consistent with the prior year testing, we assessed qualitative factors to determine whether it was more likely than not that the fair value of our water rights, an indefinite-lived intangible, was greater than its carrying amount and determined that a full quantitative analysis was not necessary.
while historical performance and current expectations have resulted in fair values of our reporting units in excess of carrying values, if our assumptions are not realized, it is possible that an impairment charge may need to be recorded in the future.
regarding definite-lived intangibles, we continuously monitor the performance of the underlying asset for potential triggering events suggesting an impairment review should be performed. no such triggering events were identified in 2014, with the exception of the settlement with miller in canada, which resulted in a $8.9 million impairment charge of our definite-lived intangible asset related to our licensing agreement. as of december 31, 2014, the intangible has a remaining carrying value of $9.0 million, and is indicative of the remaining settlement amount plus the expected future cash flows expected to be generated under the license agreement through march 31, 2015. we utilized level 3 fair value measurements in our impairment analysis of this definite-lived intangible asset, which include cash flow assumptions by management related to the transition period. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 19, "commitments and contingencies" of the notes for further discussion.
as of december 31, 2014, the carrying values of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets were $2.2 billion and $5.8 billion, respectively. if actual performance results differ significantly from our projections or we experience significant fluctuations in our other assumptions, a material impairment charge may occur in the future. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 12, "goodwill and intangible assets" of the notes for further discussion and presentation of these amounts.
income taxes income taxes are accounted for in accordance with u.s. gaap. judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. in the ordinary course of our global business, there are many transactions for which the ultimate tax outcome is uncertain. additionally, our income tax provision is based on calculations and assumptions that are subject to examination by many different tax authorities. we adjust our income tax provision in the period it is probable that actual results will differ from our estimates. tax law and rate changes are reflected in the income tax provision in the period in which such changes are enacted.
we are periodically subject to tax return audits by both foreign and domestic tax authorities, which can involve questions regarding our tax positions. settlement of any challenge resulting from these audits can result in no change, a complete disallowance, or some partial adjustment reached through negotiations or litigation. we recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained based on its technical merits. we measure and record the tax benefits from such a position based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. our estimated liabilities related to these matters are adjusted in the period in which the uncertain tax position is effectively settled, the statute of limitations for examination expires or when additional information becomes available. our liability for unrecognized tax benefits requires the use of assumptions and significant judgment to estimate the exposures associated with our various filing positions. although we believe that the judgments and estimates made are reasonable, actual results could differ and resulting adjustments could materially affect our effective income tax rate and income tax provision.
we annually receive cash from our foreign subsidiaries' current year earnings. separately, we treat our portion of all accumulated foreign subsidiary earnings through december 31, 2014, as indefinitely reinvested under the accounting guidance and accordingly, have not provided for any u.s. federal or state tax thereon. in order to arrive at this conclusion, we considered
62
factors including, but not limited to, past experience, domestic cash requirements and distributions from millercoors, as well as cash requirements to satisfy the ongoing operations, capital expenditures and other financial obligations of our foreign subsidiaries. as of december 31, 2014, approximately $981 million of retained earnings attributable to foreign subsidiaries was considered to be indefinitely invested. our intention is to permanently reinvest the earnings outside of the u.s. it is not practicable to determine the amount of incremental taxes that might arise were these earnings to be remitted. the amount of tax payable could be significantly impacted by the jurisdiction in which a distribution was made, the amount of the distribution, foreign withholding taxes under applicable tax laws when distributed, relevant tax treaties and foreign tax credits. while it is not practical to determine the amount of tax, we believe that u.s. foreign tax credits and tax planning strategies would allow us to make remittances in a tax efficient manner.
we record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. we evaluate our ability to realize the tax benefits associated with deferred tax assets by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income, including the reversal of existing temporary differences, historical and projected operating results, and the availability of prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. the realization of tax benefits is evaluated by jurisdiction and the realizability of these assets can vary based on the character of the tax attribute and the carryforward periods specific to each jurisdiction. in the event we were to determine that we would be able to realize our deferred tax assets in the future in excess of its net recorded amount, an adjustment to the deferred tax asset would decrease income tax expense in the period a determination was made. likewise, should we determine that we would not be able to realize all or part of our net deferred tax asset in the future, an adjustment to the deferred tax asset would be recorded to income tax expense in the period such determination was made.
new accounting pronouncements not yet adopted revenue recognition in may 2014, the fasb issued authoritative guidance related to new accounting requirements for the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers. the core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for the goods or services. the requirements of the new standard are effective for the annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2016, and interim periods within those annual periods. we are currently evaluating the potential impact on our financial position and results of operations upon adoption of this guidance.
see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 2, "new accounting pronouncements" of the notes for a description of new accounting pronouncements.
