item 1a.   risk factors our business faces many risks. those risks of which we are currently aware and deem to be material are described below.  if any of the events or circumstances described in the following risk factors occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations may significantly suffer, and the trading price of our common stock could decline.  these risk factors should be read in conjunction with the other information in this form 10-k.
general economic conditions may adversely affect our financial performance.
our results of operations may be sensitive to changes in overall economic conditions that impact consumer spending, including discretionary spending. a weakening of economic conditions affecting disposable consumer income such as lower employment levels, uncertainty or changes in business or political conditions, higher interest rates, higher tax rates, higher fuel and energy costs, higher labor and healthcare costs, the impact of natural disasters or acts of terrorism, and other matters could reduce consumer spending or cause consumers to shift their spending to competitors. a general reduction in the level of discretionary spending, shifts in consumer discretionary spending to our competitors or shifts in discretionary spending to less profitable products sold by us, could result in lower net sales, slower inventory turnover, greater markdowns on inventory, and a reduction in profitability due to lower margins.
7
index purchase price volatility, including inflationary and deflationary pressures, may adversely affect our financial performance.
although we cannot determine the full effect of inflation and deflation on our operations, we believe our sales and results of operations are affected by both.  we are subject to market risk with respect to the pricing of certain products and services, which include, among other items, grain, corn, steel, petroleum, cotton and other commodities as well as transportation services.  therefore, we may experience both inflationary and deflationary pressure on product cost, which may impact consumer demand and, as a result, sales and gross margin.  our strategy is to reduce or mitigate the effects of purchase price volatility principally by taking advantage of vendor incentive programs, economies of scale from increased volume of purchases, adjusting retail prices and selectively buying from the most competitive vendors while maintaining product quality.  should our strategy to mitigate purchase price volatility not be effective, our financial performance could be adversely impacted.
we may be unable to increase sales at our existing stores.
we experience fluctuations in our comparable store sales, defined as sales in stores which have been open for at least twelve months.  various factors affect comparable store sales, including the general retail sales environment, our ability to efficiently source and distribute products, changes in our merchandise assortment, competition, current economic conditions, customer satisfaction with our products, the timing of promotional events, the release of new merchandise, the success of marketing programs and weather conditions.  these factors may cause our comparable store sales results to differ materially from prior periods and from expectations.  past comparable store sales are not necessarily an indication of future results, and there can be no assurance that our comparable store sales will not decrease in the future.
capital required for growth may not be available.
the construction or acquisition of new stores, store support center facilities, distribution facilities or other facilities, the remodeling and renovation of existing stores and investments in information technology, require significant amounts of capital. in the past, our growth has been funded through internally generated cash flow and bank borrowings.  disruptions in the capital and credit markets could adversely affect the ability of the banks to meet their commitments.  our access to funds under our senior credit facility, which provides for borrowings of up to $400 million, is dependent on the ability of the banks that are parties to the facility to meet their funding commitments.  those banks may not be able to meet their funding commitments to us if they experience shortages of capital and liquidity or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests within a short period of time.  in addition, tight lending practices may make it challenging for our real estate developers to obtain financing under acceptable loan terms and conditions.  unfavorable lending practices could impact the timing of our store openings and materially adversely affect our ability to open new stores in desirable locations.
longer term disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of uncertainty, changing or increased regulation, reduced funding alternatives, or failures of significant financial institutions could adversely affect our access to liquidity needed for our business.  any disruption could require us to take measures to conserve cash until the markets stabilize or until alternative credit arrangements or other funding for our business needs can be arranged.  such measures could include deferring capital expenditures and reducing or eliminating future share repurchases, cash dividends or other discretionary uses of cash.
failure to open and manage new stores in the number and manner currently contemplated could adversely affect our financial performance.
an integral part of our business strategy includes the expansion of our store base through new store openings. this expansion strategy is dependent on our ability to find suitable locations, and we face competition from many retailers for such sites.  if we are unable to implement this strategy, our ability to increase our sales, profitability, and cash flow could be impaired significantly. to the extent that we are unable to open new stores in the manner we anticipate (due to, among other reasons, site approval or unforeseen delays in construction), our sales growth may be impeded.
as we execute this expansion strategy, we may also experience managerial or operational challenges which may prevent any expected increase in sales, profitability or cash flow. our ability to manage our planned expansion depends on the adequacy of our existing information systems, the efficiency and expansion of our distribution systems, the adequacy of the hiring and training process for new personnel (especially store managers), the effectiveness of our controls and procedures, and the ability to identify customer demand in different geographic areas. there can be no assurance that we will be able to achieve our planned expansion, that the new stores will be effectively integrated into our existing operations or that such stores will be profitable.
although we have a rigorous real estate site selection and approval process, there can be no assurance that our new store openings will be successful or result in incremental sales and profitability for the company. new stores build their sales volumes and refine their merchandise selection over time and, as a result, generally have lower gross margins and higher operating expenses as a percentage of sales than our more mature stores. as we continue to open new stores, there may be a negative impact on our results
8
index from a lower contribution margin of these new stores until their sales levels ramp to chain average, if at all, as well as from the impact of related pre-opening costs.
we may pursue strategic acquisitions and the failure of an acquisition to produce the anticipated results or the inability to fully integrate the acquired companies could have an adverse impact on our business.
we may, from time to time, acquire businesses we believe to be complementary to our business. the success of an acquisition is based on our ability to make accurate assumptions regarding the valuation, operations, growth potential, integration and other factors relating to the respective business. acquisitions may result in difficulties in assimilating acquired companies and may result in the diversion of our capital and our management's attention from other business issues and opportunities. we may not be able to successfully integrate operations that we acquire, including their personnel, financial systems, distribution, operations and general operating procedures. if we fail to successfully integrate acquisitions, we could experience increased costs associated with operating inefficiencies which could have an adverse effect on our financial results. also, while we employ several different methodologies to assess potential business opportunities, the new businesses may not meet or exceed our expectations and, therefore, adversely affect our financial performance.
competition may hinder our ability to execute our business strategy and adversely affect our operations.
we operate in the highly competitive retail merchandise sector with numerous competitors. these competitors include general merchandise retailers, home center retailers, other specialty retailers, internet retailers, independently owned farm and ranch stores, regional farm store chains and farm cooperatives. we compete for customers, merchandise, real estate locations, and employees. this competitive environment subjects us to various other risks, including the inability to continue our store and sales growth and to provide attractive merchandise to our customers at competitive prices that allow us to maintain our profitability. our failure to compete effectively in this environment could adversely impact our financial performance.
weather conditions may have a significant impact on our financial results.
weather conditions affect the demand for, and in some cases the supply of, products, which in turn has an impact on prices.  historically, weather conditions, including unseasonably warm weather in the fall and winter months and unseasonably cool weather in the spring and summer months, have affected the timing and volume of our sales and results of operations. in addition, extreme weather conditions, including snow and ice storms, flood and wind damage, hurricanes, tornadoes, extreme rain and droughts, have impacted operating results both negatively and positively, depending on the severity and length of these conditions. our strategy is to manage product flow and adjust merchandise assortments and depth of inventory to capitalize on seasonal demand trends. should such a strategy not be effective, the weather may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
our merchandising initiatives and marketing emphasis may not provide expected results.
we believe our past performance has been based on, and future success will depend upon, in part, the ability to develop and execute merchandising initiatives with effective marketing programs.  these merchandising initiatives and marketing programs may not deliver expected results, and there is no assurance that we will correctly identify and respond in a timely manner to evolving trends and consumer preferences and expectations. if we misjudge the market or our marketing programs are not successful, we may overstock unpopular products and be forced to take inventory price reductions that have a material adverse influence on our profitability. failure to execute and promote such initiatives in a timely manner could harm our ability to grow the business and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.  shortages of key merchandise could also have a material adverse impact on operating results and financial condition.
we face risks associated with vendors from whom our products are sourced.
the products we sell are sourced from a variety of domestic and international vendors.  we have agreements with our vendors in which the vendors agree to comply with applicable laws, including labor and environmental laws, and to indemnify us against certain liabilities and costs.  our ability to recover liabilities and costs under these vendor agreements is dependent upon the financial condition and integrity of the vendors.
we rely on long-term relationships with our suppliers but have no long-term contracts with such suppliers.  our future success will depend in large measure upon our ability to maintain our existing supplier relationships or to develop new ones.  this reliance exposes us to the risk of inadequate and untimely supplies of various products due to political, economic, social, or environmental conditions, transportation delays, or changes in laws and regulations affecting distribution.  our vendors may be forced to reduce their production, shut down their operations or file for bankruptcy protection, which could make it difficult for us to serve the market's needs and could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we rely on foreign manufacturers for various products that we sell.  in addition, many of our domestic suppliers purchase a portion of their products from foreign sources.  as an importer, our business is subject to the risks generally associated with doing business
9
index internationally, such as foreign governmental regulations, economic disruptions, delays in shipments, transportation capacity and costs, currency exchange rates and changes in political or economic conditions in countries from which we purchase products.  if any such factors were to render the conduct of business in particular countries undesirable or impractical or if additional united states quotas, duties, taxes or other charges or restrictions were imposed upon the importation of our products in the future, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
our failure to attract and retain qualified team members could adversely affect our financial performance.
our ability to continue expanding operations depends on our ability to attract and retain a large and growing number of qualified team members.  our ability to meet labor needs while controlling wage and related labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including the availability of a sufficient number of qualified persons in the work force, unemployment levels, prevailing wage rates, changing demographics, health and other insurance costs and changes in employment legislation.  if we are unable to locate, attract or retain qualified personnel, or if costs of labor or related costs increase significantly, our financial performance could be adversely affected.
we are subject to personal injury, workers' compensation, product liability and other claims in the ordinary course of business.
our business involves a risk of personal injury, workers' compensation, product liability and other claims in the ordinary course of business.  product liability claims from customers and product recalls for merchandise alleged to be defective or harmful could lead to the disposal or write-off of merchandise inventories, the incurrence of fines or penalties and damage to our reputation. we maintain general liability and workers compensation insurance with a self-insured retention for each policy type and a deductible for each occurrence.  we also maintain umbrella limits above the primary general liability and product liability coverage.  in many cases, we have indemnification rights against the manufacturers of the products and their products liability insurance as well as the property owners of our leased buildings.  our ability to recover costs and damages under such insurance or indemnification arrangements is subject to the financial viability of the insurers, manufacturers and landlords and the specific allegations of a claim.  no assurance can be given that our insurance coverage or the manufacturers' or landlords' indemnity will be available or sufficient in any claims brought against us.
our costs of doing business could increase as a result of federal, state, local or foreign laws and regulations.
we are subject to numerous federal, state, local and foreign laws and governmental regulations relating to environmental protection, personal injury, intellectual property, consumer product safety, building, land use and zoning requirements, workplace regulations, wage and hour, privacy and information security and employment law matters. if we fail to comply with existing or future laws or regulations, or if these laws or regulations are violated by importers, manufacturers or distributers, we may be subject to governmental or judicial fines or sanctions, while incurring substantial legal fees and costs. in addition, our capital expenditures could increase due to remediation measures that may be required if we are found to be noncompliant with any existing or future laws or regulations.
we are also subject to the foreign corrupt practices act (the "fcpa"), which prohibits u.s. companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purposes of obtaining or retaining business, and the anti-bribery laws of other jurisdictions. failure to comply with the fcpa and similar laws could subject us to, among other things, penalties and legal expenses that could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
any failure to maintain the security of the information relating to our business, customers, employees and vendors that we hold, whether as a result of cybersecurity attacks or otherwise, could damage our reputation with customers, employees and vendors, could cause us to incur substantial additional costs and to become subject to litigation, and could adversely affect our operating results, financial condition and liquidity.
we receive certain personal information about our customers, employees and vendors. we also rely on business partners to provide services to us that may include important business information or data about our customers, employees and vendors. in addition, our online operations at tractorsupply.com depend upon the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks, including information permitting cashless payments. while we maintain substantial security measures to protect and to prevent unauthorized access to such information, it is possible that unauthorized parties (through cyberattacks, which are rapidly evolving and becoming increasingly sophisticated, or by other means) might compromise our security measures and obtain the personal information of customers, employees and vendors that we hold or other confidential company data. such an occurrence could adversely affect our reputation with our customers, employees, and vendors, as well as our operations, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and could result in significant legal and financial exposure beyond the scope or limits of insurance coverage. moreover, a security breach could require that we expend significant additional resources to respond to the breach and could result in a disruption of our operations.
10
index in addition, states and the federal government are increasingly enacting laws and regulations relating to data breaches and theft of employee and customer data.  these laws will likely increase the costs of doing business and, if we fail to comply with these laws and regulations or to implement appropriate safeguards or to detect and provide prompt notice of unauthorized access as required by some of these new laws, we could be subject to potential claims for damages and other remedies, which could harm our business.
as customer-facing technology systems become an increasingly important part of our sales and marketing strategy, the failure of those systems to perform effectively and reliably could keep us from delivering positive customer experiences.
through our continued information technology enhancements, we are able to provide an improved overall shopping environment and an omni-channel experience that empowers our customers to shop and interact with us from computers, tablets, smart phones and other mobile communication devices. we use our website both as a sales channel for our products and also as a method of providing product, project and other relevant information to our customers to drive both in-store and online sales. omni-channel retailing is continually evolving and expanding, and we must effectively respond to changing customer expectations and new developments. disruptions, failures or other performance issues with these customer-facing technology systems could impair the benefits that they provide to our online and in-store business and negatively affect our relationship with our customers.
a significant disruption to our distribution network or to the timely receipt of inventory could adversely impact sales or increase our transportation costs, which would decrease our profits.
we rely on our distribution and transportation network to provide goods to our stores in a timely and cost-effective manner through deliveries to our distribution centers from vendors and then from the distribution centers or direct ship vendors to our stores by various means of transportation, including shipments by sea, air, rail and truck. any disruption, unanticipated expense or operational failure related to this process could affect store operations negatively. for example, unexpected delivery delays (including delays due to weather, fuel shortages or other reasons) or increases in transportation costs (including increased fuel costs or a decrease in transportation capacity for overseas shipments) could significantly decrease our ability to provide adequate product for sale, resulting in lower sales and profitability. in addition, labor shortages or work stoppages in the transportation industry or long-term disruptions to the national and international transportation infrastructure that lead to delays or interruptions of deliveries could negatively affect our business. also, a fire, tornado, or other disaster at one of our distribution centers could disrupt our timely receiving, processing and shipment of merchandise to our stores which could adversely affect our business.
the implementation of our supply chain initiatives could disrupt our operations in the near term, and these initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or might fail.
we maintain a network of distribution facilities and have plans to build new facilities to support our growth objectives. delays in opening distribution centers could adversely affect our future operations by slowing store growth, which may in turn reduce revenue growth. in addition, distribution-related construction or expansion projects entail risks which could cause delays and cost overruns, such as: shortages of materials; shortages of skilled labor or work stoppages; unforeseen construction, scheduling, engineering, environmental or geological problems; weather interference; fires or other casualty losses; and unanticipated cost increases. the completion date and ultimate cost of future projects could differ significantly from initial expectations due to construction-related or other reasons. we cannot guarantee that all projects will be completed on time or within established budgets.
we continue to make significant technology investments in our supply chain. these initiatives are designed to streamline our distribution process so that we can optimize the delivery of goods and services to our stores and distribution centers in a timely manner and at a reasonable cost. the cost and potential problems and interruptions associated with the implementation of these initiatives, including those associated with managing third-party service providers and employing new web-based tools and services, could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations in the near term. in addition, our improved supply chain technology might not provide the anticipated benefits, it might take longer than expected to realize the anticipated benefits, or the initiatives might fail altogether.
if we are unable to maintain or upgrade our management information systems and software programs or if we are unable to convert to alternate systems in an efficient and timely manner, our operations may be disrupted or become less efficient and our strategic business initiatives may not be successful.
we depend on management information systems for many aspects of our business.  we rely on certain software vendors to maintain and periodically upgrade many of these systems so that we can continue to support our business. we could be materially adversely affected if our management information systems are disrupted or if we are unable to improve, upgrade, maintain and expand systems, particularly in light of the contemplated continued store growth.
the success of our strategic business initiatives designed to increase our sales and improve margin is dependent in varying degrees on the timely delivery and the functionality of information technology systems to support them.   extended delays or cost overruns
11
index in securing, developing and otherwise implementing technology solutions to support the strategic business initiatives would delay and possibly even prevent us from realizing the projected benefits of those initiatives.
we cannot provide any guaranty of future dividend payments or that we will continue to repurchase our common stock pursuant to our stock repurchase program.
although our board of directors has indicated an intention to pay future quarterly cash dividends on our common stock, any determination to pay or increase cash dividends on our common stock in the future will be based primarily upon our financial condition, results of operations, business requirements, and our board of directors' continuing determination that the declaration of dividends is in the best interests of our stockholders and is in compliance with all laws and agreements applicable to the dividend. furthermore, although our board of directors has authorized a share repurchase program of $2 billion through december 2017, we may discontinue this program at any time.
the market price for our common stock might be volatile and could result in a decline in value.
the price at which our common stock trades may be volatile and could be subject to significant fluctuations in response to our operating results, general trends and prospects for the retail industry, announcements by our competitors, analyst recommendations, our ability to meet or exceed analysts' or investors' expectations, the condition of the financial markets and other factors. the company's stock price is dependent in part on the multiple of earnings that investors are willing to pay. that multiple is in part dependent on investors' perception of the company's future earnings growth prospects. if investor perceptions of the company's earnings growth prospects change, the company's earnings multiple may decline and its stock price could be adversely affected.
in addition, the stock market in recent years has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of companies. these fluctuations, as well as general economic and market conditions, may adversely affect the market price of our common stock notwithstanding our actual operating performance.
effective tax rate changes and results of examinations by taxing authorities could materially impact our results.
our future effective tax rates could be adversely affected by the earnings mix being lower than historical results in states where we have lower statutory rates and higher than historical results in states where we have higher statutory rates, by changes in the measurement of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, or by changes in tax laws or interpretations thereof. in addition, we are subject to periodic audits and examinations by the internal revenue service ("irs") as well as state and local taxing authorities.  like many retailers, a portion of our sales are to tax-exempt customers. the business activities of our customers and the intended use of the unique products sold by us create a challenging and complex compliance environment.  these circumstances create risk that we could be challenged as to the propriety of our sales tax compliance. our results could be materially impacted by the determinations and expenses related to these and other proceedings by the irs and other state and local taxing authorities.
failure to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting could materially impact our business and results.
the company's management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. an internal control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. because of the inherent limitations in all internal control systems, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. any failure to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting could limit our ability to report our financial results accurately and timely or to detect and prevent fraud, and could expose us to litigation or adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
failure to protect our reputation could have a material adverse effect on our brand name.
our success depends in part on the value and strength of the tractor supply name. the tractor supply name is integral to our business as well as to the implementation of our strategies for expanding our business. maintaining, promoting, and positioning our brand will depend largely on the success of our marketing and merchandising efforts and our ability to provide high quality merchandise and a consistent, high quality customer experience. our brand could be adversely affected if we fail to achieve these objectives or if our public image or reputation were to be tarnished by negative publicity. failure to comply or accusation of failure to comply with ethical, social, product, labor and environmental standards could also jeopardize our reputation and potentially lead to various adverse consumer actions. any of these events could result in decreased revenue or otherwise adversely affect our business.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis is intended to provide the reader with information that will assist in understanding the significant factors affecting our consolidated operating results, financial condition, liquidity and capital resources during the three-year period ended december 27, 2014 (our fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012). this discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. this discussion contains forward-looking statements. see "forward-looking statements" and "risk factors" included elsewhere in this report.
overview tractor supply company is the largest operator of rural lifestyle retail stores in the united states. the company is focused on supplying the needs of recreational farmers and ranchers and others who enjoy the rural lifestyle, as well as tradesmen and small businesses. as of december 27, 2014, we operated 1,382 retail stores in 49 states under the names tractor supply company, del's feed & farm supply and hometown pet.  we also operate a website under the name tractorsupply.com. our stores are located primarily in towns outlying major metropolitan markets and in rural communities, and they offer the following comprehensive selection of merchandise:
•   equine, livestock, pet and small animal products, including items necessary for their health, care, growth and containment;
•   hardware, truck, towing and tool products;
•   seasonal products, including heating, lawn and garden items, power equipment, gifts and toys;
•   work/recreational clothing and footwear; and
•   maintenance products for agricultural and rural use.
our current and long-term growth strategy is to:  (1) expand domestic geographic market presence through opening new retail stores, (2) enhance financial performance through comparable store sales growth achieved through targeted merchandising and marketing programs with an "everyday value price" philosophy supported by strong customer service, (3) enhance product margin through strategic product sourcing, inventory and markdown management, a strong exclusive brand offering, and optimization of product pricing and transportation costs, (4) leverage operating costs by focusing on opportunities for continuous improvement and elimination of waste in all of our processes, (5) expand market opportunities via e-commerce and internet-supported sales by improving our website product content and enhancing the online experience, and (6) expand through selective acquisition, as such opportunities arise, to enhance penetration into new and existing markets to complement organic growth.
over the past five years we have experienced considerable growth in stores, growing from 930 stores at the end of 2009 to 1,382 stores at the end of fiscal 2014, and in sales, with a compounded annual growth rate of approximately 12.2%. given the size of the communities that we target, we believe that there is ample opportunity for new store growth in existing and new markets. we have developed a proven method for selecting store sites and have identified over 700 additional markets for new tractor supply stores.
executive summary we opened 107 new stores in 2014 and 102 new stores in 2013, a selling square footage increase of approximately 8.3% in both fiscal 2014 and 2013. during 2014, we opened stores in 31 states, including our first store in utah, and in 2015 we expect to continue our expansion into the western states.
net sales increased 10.6% to $5.71 billion in fiscal 2014 from $5.16 billion in fiscal 2013. comparable store sales increased 3.8% in fiscal 2014 versus a 4.8% increase in fiscal 2013. gross profit increased 11.2% to $1.95 billion in fiscal 2014 from $1.75 billion in fiscal 2013, and gross margin increased 10 basis points to 34.1% of sales in fiscal 2014 from 34.0% of sales in fiscal 2013. operating profit increased 30 basis points to 10.3% of sales in fiscal 2014 from 10.0% of sales in fiscal 2013. in fiscal 2014, diluted earnings per share grew 14.7%, to $2.66 compared to $2.32 in fiscal 2013.
we ended the year with $51.1 million in cash, after returning $382.6 million to our stockholders through stock repurchases and dividends.
18
index significant accounting policies and estimates management's discussion and analysis of our financial position and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with united states generally accepted accounting principles.  the preparation of these financial statements requires management to make informed estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities.  our financial position and/or results of operations may be materially different when reported under different conditions or when using different assumptions in the application of such policies.  in the event estimates or assumptions prove to be different from actual amounts, adjustments are made in subsequent periods to reflect more current information.  our significant accounting policies are disclosed in note 1 to our consolidated financial statements.  the following discussion addresses our most critical accounting policies, which are those that are both important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and that require significant judgment or use of complex estimates.
description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        judgments and uncertainties                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         effect if actual results differ from assumptions inventory valuation:
inventory impairment we identify potentially excess and slow-moving inventory by evaluating turn rates, historical and expected future sales trends, age of merchandise, overall inventory levels, current cost of inventory and other benchmarks. we have established an inventory valuation reserve to recognize the estimated impairment in value (i.e., an inability to realize the full carrying value) based on our aggregate assessment of these valuation indicators under prevailing market conditions and current merchandising strategies.   we do not believe our merchandise inventories are subject to significant risk of obsolescence in the near term. however, changes in market conditions or consumer purchasing patterns could result in the need for additional reserves. our impairment reserve contains uncertainties because the calculation requires management to make assumptions and to apply judgment regarding forecasted customer demand and the promotional environment.   we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to recognize inventory impairment reserves in the financial periods presented. we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to calculate impairment. however, if assumptions regarding consumer demand or clearance potential for certain products are inaccurate, we may be exposed to losses or gains that could be material. a 10% change in our impairment reserve at december 27, 2014, would have affected net income by approximately $0.5 million in fiscal 2014.
19
index description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          judgments and uncertainties                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  effect if actual results differ from assumptions shrinkage we perform physical inventories at each store at least once a year, and we have established a reserve for estimating inventory shrinkage between physical inventory counts. the reserve is established by assessing the chain-wide average shrinkage experience rate, applied to the related periods' sales volumes. such assessments are updated on a regular basis for the most recent individual store experiences.                                                                                                                                                                                               the estimated store inventory shrink rate is based on historical experience. we believe historical rates are a reasonably accurate reflection of future trends.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to recognize shrinkage in the financial periods presented.
our shrinkage reserve contains uncertainties because the calculation requires management to make assumptions and to apply judgment regarding future shrinkage trends, the effect of loss prevention measures and new merchandising strategies.                                                                                                                                                                                                               we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to calculate our shrinkage reserve. however, if our estimates regarding inventory losses are inaccurate, we may be exposed to losses or gains that could be material.
a 10% change in our shrinkage reserve at december 27, 2014, would have affected net income by approximately $1.1 million in fiscal 2014.
vendor funding we receive funding from substantially all of our significant merchandise vendors, in support of our business initiatives, through a variety of programs and arrangements, including guaranteed vendor support funds ("vendor support") and volume-based rebate funds ("volume rebates"). the amounts received are subject to terms of vendor agreements, most of which are "evergreen", reflecting the on-going relationship with our significant merchandise vendors. certain of our agreements, primarily volume rebates, are renegotiated annually, based on expected annual purchases of the vendor's product.   the estimated purchase volume (and related vendor funding through volume rebates) is based on our current knowledge of inventory levels, sales trends and expected customer demand, as well as planned new store openings and relocations. although we believe we can reasonably estimate purchase volume and related volume rebates at interim periods, it is possible that actual year-end results could be different from previously estimated amounts.   we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to establish our vendor support reserves in the financial periods presented.
vendor funding is initially deferred as a reduction of the purchase price of inventory and then recognized as a reduction of cost of merchandise as the related inventory is sold.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   our allocation methodology contains uncertainties because the calculation requires management to make assumptions and to apply judgment regarding customer demand, purchasing activity, target thresholds, vendor attrition and collectibility.                                                                                                                                                                                                              at the end of each fiscal year, a significant portion of the actual purchase activity is known. thus, we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the amounts recorded as vendor support.
during interim periods, the amount of vendor support is known; however, volume rebates are estimated during interim periods based upon initial commitments and anticipated purchase levels with applicable vendors.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               we do not believe there is a significant collectibility risk related to vendor support amounts due us at the end of fiscal 2014.
if a 10% reserve had been applied against our outstanding vendor support due as of december 27, 2014, net income would have been affected by approximately $1.1 million in fiscal 2014.
although it is unlikely that there will be any significant reduction in historical levels of vendor support, if such a reduction were to occur in future periods, the company could experience a higher inventory balance and higher cost of sales.
freight we incur various types of transportation and delivery costs in connection with inventory purchases and distribution. such costs are included as a component of the overall cost of inventories (on an aggregate basis) and recognized as a component of cost of merchandise sold as the related inventory is sold.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   we allocate freight as a component of total cost of sales without regard to inventory mix or unique freight burden of certain categories. this assumption has been consistently applied for all years presented.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to establish our capitalized freight balance or freight allocation in the financial periods presented.
if a 10% increase or decrease had been applied against our current inventory capitalized freight balance as of december 27, 2014, net income would have been affected by approximately $5.7 million in fiscal 2014.
20
index description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             judgments and uncertainties                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                effect if actual results differ from assumptions self-insurance reserves:
we self-insure a significant portion of our employee medical insurance, workers' compensation and general liability insurance plans. we have stop-loss insurance policies to protect from individual losses over specified dollar values.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               the full extent of certain claims, especially workers' compensation and general liability claims, may not become fully determined for several years.                                                                                                                                                                                       we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to establish our self-insurance reserves in the financial periods presented.
provisions for losses related to our self-insured liabilities are based upon periodic independent actuarially determined estimates that consider a number of factors including historical claims experience, demographic factors and severity factors.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  our self-insured liabilities contain uncertainties because management is required to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate the ultimate cost to settle reported claims and claims incurred but not reported as of the balance sheet date based upon historical data and experience, including actuarial calculations.         we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the assumptions we use to calculate insurance reserves. however, if we experience a significant increase in the number of claims or the cost associated with these claims, we may be exposed to losses that could be material.
a 10% change in our self-insurance reserves at december 27, 2014, would have affected net income by approximately $3.0 million in fiscal 2014.
sales tax audit reserve:
a portion of our sales are to tax-exempt customers, predominantly agricultural-based. we obtain exemption information as a necessary part of each tax-exempt transaction. many of the states in which we conduct business will perform audits to verify our compliance with applicable sales tax laws. the business activities of our customers and the intended use of the unique products sold by us create a challenging and complex compliance environment. these circumstances also create some risk that we could be challenged as to the accuracy of our sales tax compliance.   we continually reassess the exposure based on historical audit results, changes in policies, preliminary and final assessments made by state sales tax auditors, and additional documentation that may be provided to reduce the assessment.                                                                                               we have not made any material changes to our sales tax audit assessment methodology in the financial periods presented.
when establishing our sales tax audit reserve, we review our past audit experience and assessments with applicable states to continually determine if we have potential exposure for non-compliance. any estimated liability is based on an initial assessment of compliance risk as well as our historical experience with each respective state.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      our sales tax audit reserve contains uncertainties because management is required to make assumptions and to apply judgment regarding the complexity of agricultural-based exemptions, the ambiguity in state tax regulations, the number of ongoing audits and the length of time required to settle with the state taxing authorities.   we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to calculate the sales tax liability reserve. however, if our estimates regarding the ultimate sales tax liability are inaccurate, we may be exposed to losses or gains that could be material.
a 10% change in our sales tax audit reserve at december 27, 2014, would have affected net income by approximately $0.7 million in fiscal 2014.
21
index description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    judgments and uncertainties                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       effect if actual results differ from assumptions tax contingencies:
our income tax returns are periodically audited by u.s. federal and state tax authorities. these audits include questions regarding our tax filing positions, including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. at any time, multiple tax years are subject to audit by the various tax authorities. in evaluating the exposures associated with our various tax filing positions, we record a liability for uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. a number of years may elapse before a particular matter, for which we have established a reserve, is audited and fully resolved or clarified. we recognize the effect of income tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not of being sustained. recognized income tax positions are measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely of being realized. changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. we adjust our tax contingencies reserve and income tax provision in the period in which actual results of a settlement with tax authorities differs from our established reserve, the statute of limitations expires for the relevant tax authority to examine the tax position or when more information becomes available.   our tax contingencies reserve contains uncertainties because management is required to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate the exposures associated with our various filing positions and whether or not the minimum requirements for recognition of tax benefits have been met.   we have not made any material changes in the accounting methodology used to establish our tax contingencies in the financial periods presented.
we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the reserves established for tax benefits not recognized.
although management believes that the judgments and estimates discussed herein are reasonable, actual results could differ, and we may be exposed to losses or gains that could be material.
to the extent we prevail in matters for which reserves have been established, or are required to pay amounts in excess of our reserves, our effective income tax rate in a given financial statement period could be materially affected. an unfavorable tax settlement would require use of our cash and would result in an increase in our effective income tax rate in the period of resolution. a favorable tax settlement would be recognized as a reduction in our effective income tax rate in the period of resolution.
a 10% change in our uncertain tax position reserve at december 27, 2014 would have affected net income by approximately $0.2 million in fiscal 2014.
22
index description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   judgments and uncertainties                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    effect if actual results differ from assumptions impairment of long-lived assets:
long-lived assets other than goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, which are separately tested for impairment, are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   our impairment loss calculations contain uncertainties because they require management to make assumptions and to apply judgment to estimate future cash flows and asset fair values, including forecasting useful lives of the assets and selecting the discount rate that reflects the risk inherent in future cash flows.   we have not made any material changes in our impairment loss assessment methodology in the financial periods presented.
when evaluating long-lived assets for potential impairment, we first compare the carrying value of the asset to the asset's estimated future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges). the evaluation for long-lived assets is performed at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows, which is generally the individual store level. the significant assumptions used to determine estimated undiscounted cash flows include cash inflows and outflows directly resulting from the use of those assets in operations, including margin on net sales, payroll and related items, occupancy costs, insurance allocations and other costs to operate a store.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions we use to calculate long-lived asset impairment losses. none of these estimates and assumptions are significantly sensitive, and a 10% change in any of these estimates would not have a material impact on our analysis. however, if actual results are not consistent with our estimates and assumptions used in estimating future cash flows and asset fair values, we may be exposed to losses that could be material.
if the estimated future cash flows are less than the carrying value of the asset, we calculate an impairment loss. the impairment loss calculation compares the carrying value of the asset to the asset's estimated fair value, which may be based on an estimated future cash flow model. we recognize an impairment loss if the amount of the asset's carrying value exceeds the asset's estimated fair value. if we recognize an impairment loss, the adjusted carrying amount of the asset becomes its new cost basis. for a depreciable long-lived asset, the new cost basis will be depreciated (amortized) over the remaining estimated useful life of that asset.
23
index quarterly financial data our unaudited quarterly operating results for each fiscal quarter of 2014 and 2013 are shown below (in thousands, except per share amounts):
2014                                               first                   second                    third                   fourth                   total quarter                  quarter                  quarter                  quarter net sales                                $1,183,680               $1,583,831               $1,359,950               $1,584,254               $5,711,715
gross profit                                396,219                  550,532                  464,069                  539,595                1,950,415
operating income                             78,729                  211,029                  122,013                  177,701                  589,472
net income                                   48,809                  133,411                   76,603                  112,062                  370,885
net income per share: (a)
basic                                         $0.35                    $0.96                    $0.56                    $0.82                    $2.69
diluted                                       $0.35                    $0.95                    $0.55                    $0.81                    $2.66
comparable store sales increase   2.2                  %                 1.9    %                 5.6    %                 5.3    %                 3.8   %
2013                                               first                   second                    third                   fourth                   total quarter                  quarter                  quarter                  quarter net sales                                $1,085,838               $1,455,767               $1,208,090               $1,415,089               $5,164,784
gross profit                                352,091                  506,140                  415,666                  479,712                1,753,609
operating income                             67,923                  197,979                  101,670                  147,078                  514,650
net income                                   44,006                  123,580                   64,767                   95,881                  328,234
net income per share: (a)
basic                                         $0.32                    $0.89                    $0.46                    $0.69                    $2.35
diluted                                       $0.31                    $0.87                    $0.46                    $0.68                    $2.32
comparable store sales increase   0.5                  %                 7.2    %                 7.5    %                 3.5    %                 4.8   %
(a) due to the nature of interim net income per share calculations, the sum of quarterly net income per share amounts may not equal the reported net income per share for the year.
results of operations the following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, certain items in our consolidated statements of income expressed as a percentage of net sales.
2014                                                                 2013          2012
net sales                                         100.0   %     100.0   %     100.0   %
cost of merchandise sold (a)                       65.9          66.0          66.4
gross margin (a)                                   34.1          34.0          33.6
selling, general and administrative expenses(a)    21.8          22.1          22.3
depreciation and amortization                       2.0           1.9           1.9
income before income taxes                         10.3          10.0           9.4
income tax provision                                3.8           3.6           3.4
net income                                          6.5   %       6.4   %       6.0   %
(a) our gross margin amounts may not be comparable to those of other retailers since some retailers include all of the costs related to their distribution network in cost of merchandise sold and others (like our company) exclude a portion of these distribution network costs from gross margin and instead include them in selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses; refer to note 1 - significant accounting policies, of the notes to consolidated financial statements, included in item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, of this annual report on form 10-k.
24
index fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013
net sales increased 10.6% to $5.71 billion in fiscal 2014 from $5.16 billion in fiscal 2013. comparable store sales for fiscal 2014 were $5.37 billion, a 3.8% increase over fiscal 2013. this compares to a 4.8% comparable store sales increase in the prior year. the comparable store transaction count increased 3.2%, while comparable store average ticket increased 0.6% for fiscal 2014.
comparable store sales are calculated on an annual basis using sales generated from all stores open at least one year and all online sales and exclude certain adjustments to net sales. stores closed or relocated during either of the years being compared are not removed from our comparable store sales metrics calculations. if the effect of closed and/or relocated stores on our comparable store sales metrics calculations becomes material, we would remove closed and/or relocated stores from the calculations.
the comparable store sales increase was driven by continued strong results in key consumable, usable, edible ("c.u.e.") products, principally animal- and pet-related merchandise, and an increase in traffic counts. this was a result of continued investment in c.u.e. inventory, expanded product assortments and improved localized product offerings.  seasonal merchandise, predominantly heating and outdoor power equipment, performed well during the year. we also estimate that comparable store sales were unfavorably impacted by approximately 85 basis points due to deflation, principally in livestock feed and bird feeding products.
in addition to comparable store sales growth in fiscal 2014, sales from stores opened less than one year were $353.4 million in fiscal 2014, which represented 6.8 percentage points of the 10.6% increase over fiscal 2013 net sales. sales from stores opened less than one year were $281.2 million in fiscal 2013, which represented 6.0 percentage points of the 10.7% increase over fiscal 2012 net sales.
the following chart summarizes our store growth during fiscal 2014 and 2013:
2014                                                    2013
store count, beginning of period   1,276           1,176
new stores opened (a)                107             102
stores closed                         (1   )          (2   )
store count, end of period         1,382           1,276
stores relocated                       2               3
(a) includes the company's two hometown pet stores.
the following chart indicates the percentage of sales represented by each of our major product categories during fiscal 2014 and 2013:
percent of sales product category:                       2014              2013
livestock and pet                   44   %            43     %
hardware, tools,truck and towing    22                23
seasonal, gift and toy products     20                20
clothing and footwear                9                 9
agriculture                          5                 5
total                              100   %           100     %
gross profit increased 11.2% to $1.95 billion in fiscal 2014 compared to $1.75 billion in fiscal 2013.  as a percent of sales, gross margin increased 10 basis points to 34.1% for fiscal 2014 compared to 34.0% for fiscal 2013.  this improvement in gross margin reflects improved direct product margin partially offset by higher transportation costs, primarily due to our continued western store expansion. direct product margin increased as a result of continued focus on our four strategic margin initiatives which include inventory and markdown management, strategic sourcing, exclusive branding and retail price management.
as a percent of sales, sg&a expenses, including depreciation and amortization, improved 20 basis points to 23.8% in fiscal 2014 from 24.0% in fiscal 2013.  the sg&a improvement as a percent of sales was primarily attributable to the leverage of comparable store sales growth and lower year-over-year incentive compensation expense. total sg&a expenses, including depreciation and amortization, for fiscal 2014 increased 9.8% to $1.36 billion from $1.24 billion in fiscal 2013.  the increase in sg&a primarily reflects new store growth and variable costs associated with our comparable store sales growth.
25
index our effective tax rate increased to 36.9% for fiscal 2014 compared to 36.2% in fiscal 2013 as the prior year was favorably impacted by the reversal of various reserves for uncertain tax positions.
as a result of the foregoing factors, net income for fiscal 2014 increased 13.0% to $370.9 million, or $2.66 per diluted share, as compared to net income of $328.2 million, or $2.32 per diluted share, in fiscal 2013.
during fiscal 2014, we repurchased approximately 4.7 million shares of the company's common stock at a total cost of $298.5 million as part of our previously announced $2 billion share repurchase program.  in fiscal 2013, we repurchased approximately 2.3 million shares at a total cost of $129.4 million.
fiscal 2013 compared to fiscal 2012
net sales increased 10.7% to $5.16 billion in fiscal 2013 from $4.66 billion in fiscal 2012. comparable store sales for fiscal 2013 were $4.89 billion, a 4.8% increase over fiscal 2012. this compares to a 5.3% comparable store sales increase in the prior year. the comparable store transaction count increased 4.7%, while comparable store average ticket remained flat for fiscal 2013, principally as a result of big ticket sales being less of the sales mix.
the comparable store sales increase was driven by continued strong results in key c.u.e. products, principally animal- and pet-related merchandise.  this was a result of continued investment in c.u.e inventory, expanded product assortments and improved localized product offerings. winter seasonal merchandise, predominantly heating and insulated outerwear, also performed well during the first part of fiscal 2013 and the end of fiscal 2013 due to the colder than average weather. we also estimate that comparable store sales were favorably impacted by approximately 70 basis points due to inflation, principally in pet food and livestock feed.
in addition to comparable store sales growth in fiscal 2013, sales from stores opened less than one year were $281.2 million in fiscal 2013, which represented 6.0 percentage points of the 10.7% increase over fiscal 2012 net sales. sales from stores opened less than one year were $276.2 million in fiscal 2012, which represented 6.5 percentage points of the 10.2% increase over fiscal 2011 net sales.
the following chart summarizes our store growth during fiscal 2013 and 2012:
2013                                                    2012
store count, beginning of period   1,176           1,085
new stores opened                    102              93
stores closed                         (2   )          (2   )
store count, end of period         1,276           1,176
stores relocated                       3               1
the following chart indicates the percentage of sales represented by each of our major product categories during fiscal 2013 and 2012:
percent of sales product category:                        2013              2012
livestock and pet                    43   %            42     %
hardware, tools, truck and towing    23                23
seasonal, gift and toy products      20                20
clothing and footwear                 9                 9
agriculture                           5                 6
total                               100   %           100     %
26
index gross profit increased 12.0% to $1.75 billion in fiscal 2013 compared to $1.57 billion in fiscal 2012.  as a percent of sales, gross margin increased 40 basis points to 34.0% for fiscal 2013 compared to 33.6% for fiscal 2012.  this improvement in gross margin reflects improved direct product margin. direct product margin increased as a result of continued progress on our four strategic margin initiatives which include inventory and markdown management, strategic sourcing, exclusive branding and retail price management.
as a percent of sales, sg&a expenses, including depreciation and amortization, improved 20 basis points to 24.0% in fiscal 2013 from 24.2% in fiscal 2012.  the sg&a improvement as a percent of sales was primarily attributable to the leverage of continued solid comparable store sales growth, expense control related to store operating costs and lower year-over-year incentive compensation expense, partially offset by costs related to the new and expanded southeast distribution center and relocation of our corporate data center. total sg&a expenses for fiscal 2013 increased 9.7% to $1.24 billion from $1.13 billion in fiscal 2012.  the increase in sg&a primarily reflects new store growth and variable costs associated with our comparable store sales growth as well as operating costs relating to our new and expanded southeast distribution center and corporate data center.
our effective tax rate decreased to 36.2% for fiscal 2013 compared to 36.6% in fiscal 2012. the reduction in the tax rate resulted primarily from the favorable impact of the reversal of various reserves for uncertain tax positions.
as a result of the foregoing factors, net income for fiscal 2013 increased 18.7% to $328.2 million, or $2.32 per diluted share, as compared to net income of $276.5 million, or $1.90 per diluted share, in fiscal 2012.
during fiscal 2013, we repurchased approximately 2.3 million shares of the company's common stock at a total cost of $129.4 million as part of our previously announced $2 billion share repurchase program.  in fiscal 2012, we repurchased approximately 6.1 million shares at a total cost of $271.8 million.
liquidity and capital resources in addition to normal operating expenses, our primary ongoing cash requirements are for new store expansion, remodeling and relocation programs, distribution center and store support center capacity and improvements, information technology, inventory purchases, share repurchases and cash dividends.  our primary ongoing sources of liquidity are existing cash balances, funds provided from operations, borrowings available under our senior credit facility, capital and operating leases and normal trade credit.  our inventory and accounts payable levels typically build in the first and third fiscal quarters to support the higher sales volume of the spring and cold-weather selling seasons, respectively.
working capital at december 27, 2014, the company had working capital of $670.9 million, which decreased $6.2 million from december 28, 2013.  the shifts in working capital were attributable to changes in the following components of current assets and current liabilities (in millions):
2014                                                                       2013             variance current assets:
cash and cash equivalents                         $51.1              $142.7              $(91.6    )
inventories                                     1,115.5               979.3               136.2
prepaid expenses and other current assets          66.4                57.4                 9.0
deferred income taxes                              41.0                29.8                11.2
total current assets                            1,274.0             1,209.2                64.8
current liabilities:
accounts payable                                  370.8               316.5                54.3
accrued employee compensation                      37.1                50.6               (13.5    )
other accrued expenses                            182.6               155.6                27.0
current portion of capital lease obligation         0.2                   -                 0.2
income taxes payable                               12.4                 9.4                 3.0
total current liabilities                         603.1               532.1                71.0
working capital                                  $670.9              $677.1               $(6.2    )
27
index in comparison to december 28, 2013, working capital as of december 27, 2014 was impacted most significantly by changes in our cash, inventory and accounts payable.
•   the decrease in cash is primarily attributable to incremental common stock repurchases offset in part by earnings from operations. common stock repurchases increased $169.1 million from $129.4 million in fiscal 2013 to $298.5 million in fiscal 2014.
•   we actively manage our inventory balances and in-stock levels at our stores. the increase in inventory was primarily due to new store growth. average inventory per store increased 4.0% compared to the prior year. the increase in average inventory per store is principally related to a better in-stock position on key winter goods compared to prior year.
•   accounts payable increased primarily as a result of new store growth and higher average inventory per store along with timing of payments to vendors.
borrowings and credit facilities on may 16, 2014, the company exercised the option to increase the availability under the senior credit facility by $150 million, which increased the aggregate principle amount available thereunder from $250 million to $400 million. the sublimit for swingline loans was also increased from $20 million to $30 million.  this agreement is unsecured and matures in october 2016, with proceeds available to be used for working capital, capital expenditures, dividends, share repurchases and other matters.
at december 27, 2014 and december 28, 2013, there were no outstanding borrowings under the senior credit facility.  there were $40.7 million and $38.2 million outstanding letters of credit under the senior credit facility as of december 27, 2014 and december 28, 2013, respectively.  borrowings bear interest at either the bank's base rate (3.25% at december 27, 2014) or the london inter-bank offer rate ("libor") (0.17% at december 27, 2014) plus an additional amount ranging from 0.40% to 1.00% per annum (0.50% at december 27, 2014), adjusted quarterly based on our leverage ratio.  we are also required to pay, quarterly in arrears, a commitment fee for unused capacity ranging from 0.08% to 0.20% per annum (0.10% at december 27, 2014), adjusted quarterly based on our leverage ratio.  there are no compensating balance requirements associated with the senior credit facility.
the senior credit facility requires quarterly compliance with respect to two material covenants:  a fixed charge coverage ratio and a leverage ratio.  the fixed charge coverage ratio compares earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, stock compensation and rent expense ("consolidated ebitdar") to the sum of interest paid and rental expense (excluding any straight-line rent adjustments).  the leverage ratio compares total debt plus rental expense (excluding any straight-line rent adjustments) multiplied by a factor of six to consolidated ebitdar.  the senior credit facility also contains certain other restrictions regarding additional indebtedness, capital expenditures, business operations, guarantees, investments, mergers, consolidations and sales of assets, transactions with subsidiaries or affiliates, and liens.  we were in compliance with all covenants at december 27, 2014.
sources and uses of cash our primary source of liquidity is cash provided by operations.  principal uses of cash for investing activities are capital expenditures, while uses of cash for financing activities are repurchase of the company's common stock and cash dividends paid to stockholders.  the following table presents a summary of cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the last three fiscal years (in millions):
2014                                                                   2013                2012
net cash provided by operating activities                 $409.2              $333.7              $378.3
net cash used in investing activities                     (160.3   )          (209.3   )          (139.1   )
net cash used in financing activities                     (340.5   )          (120.3   )          (277.5   )
net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents      $(91.6   )            $4.1              $(38.3   )
28
index operating activities operating activities provided net cash of $409.2 million, $333.7 million and $378.3 million in fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the $75.5 million increase in net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013 was primarily due to changes in the following operating activities (in millions):
2014                                                                         2013           variance net income                                         $370.9              $328.2             $42.7
depreciation and amortization                       114.6               100.0              14.6
stock compensation expense                           16.2                13.9               2.3
excess tax benefit of stock options exercised       (18.8   )           (43.5   )          24.7
deferred income taxes                               (19.8   )            (8.3   )         (11.5    )
inventories and accounts payable                    (81.8   )           (75.1   )          (6.7    )
prepaid expenses and other current assets            (9.1   )            (5.5   )          (3.6    )
accrued expenses                                      6.8                12.1              (5.3    )
income taxes payable                                 21.9                 9.6              12.3
other, net                                            8.3                 2.3               6.0
net cash provided by operations                    $409.2              $333.7             $75.5
the $75.5 million increase in net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2014 compared with fiscal 2013 primarily reflects earnings growth, the favorable impacts related to the timing of tax benefits and income tax payments, and increased depreciation and amortization expense due to capital expenditures for store growth, distribution center capacity and corporate infrastructure.
the $44.6 million decrease in net cash provided by operations in fiscal 2013 over fiscal 2012 was primarily due to changes in the following operating activities (in millions):
2013                                                                         2012             variance net income                                         $328.2              $276.5               $51.7
depreciation and amortization                       100.0                89.0                11.0
stock compensation expense                           13.9                17.6                (3.7    )
excess tax benefit of stock options exercised       (43.5   )           (25.8   )           (17.7    )
deferred income taxes                                (8.3   )           (26.6   )            18.3
inventories and accounts payable                    (75.1   )           (23.3   )           (51.8    )
prepaid expenses and other current assets            (5.5   )            (0.1   )            (5.4    )
accrued expenses                                     12.1                 9.0                 3.1
income taxes payable                                  9.6                57.3               (47.7    )
other, net                                            2.3                 4.7                (2.4    )
net cash provided by operations                    $333.7              $378.3              $(44.6    )
the $44.6 million decrease in net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2013 compared with fiscal 2012 primarily related to increased inventory levels, a reduction in accounts payable and timing of estimated tax payments, partially offset by an increase in net earnings. inventory increased in proportion to store growth as expected, but the accounts payable balance declined year over year. the timing of receipt of seasonal goods was much earlier in the fourth quarter in 2013 compared to 2012 and imports made up a larger percentage of fourth quarter receipts, requiring payment on trade credit prior to year end. these factors drove the decline in accounts payable. income taxes payable declined due to the timing of estimated tax payments resulting from changes in allowable deductions for depreciation expense.
29
index investing activities investing activities used cash of $160.3 million, $209.3 million and $139.1 million in fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the changes in cash used for investing activities primarily reflects changes in capital expenditures.  capital expenditures for fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012 were as follows (in millions):
2014                                                                              2013                2012
new and relocated stores and stores not yet opened       $80.8               $69.1               $60.4
corporate and other                                       27.9                40.7                13.8
information technology                                    22.7                29.8                28.2
existing stores                                           20.0                22.3                22.2
distribution center capacity and improvements              9.2                44.9                16.4
purchase of previously leased stores                         -                11.4                11.9
total capital expenditures                              $160.6              $218.2              $152.9
the above table reflects 107 new stores and two relocations during fiscal 2014, 102 new stores and three relocations during fiscal 2013 and 93 new stores and one relocation during fiscal 2012.  the majority of the corporate and other category for fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012 relates to construction of our new store support center in brentwood, tennessee with the greatest portion of the spend in fiscal 2013. the higher capital expenditures in fiscal 2013 for distribution center capacity and improvements was primarily due to construction of our macon, georgia distribution center, which was the relocation of our former leased southeast distribution center in braselton, georgia. we did not purchase any leased stores during fiscal 2014 compared to having purchased three leased stores in fiscal 2013 and five leased stores in fiscal 2012.
we currently estimate that capital expenditures will range between $240 million and $250 million in fiscal 2015.
•   we plan to open between 110 to 115 stores in fiscal 2015. additionally, we plan to relocate five stores as well as increase our investment in existing store renovations.
•   we plan to invest in our distribution center network in fiscal 2015, principally for development of a new southwest distribution center, expansion of our existing northeast distribution center, and development of two smaller cross-dock facilities ("mixing centers") in our texas region to handle certain high-volume bulk products. we estimate that our capital expenditures relating to the distribution network will range between $75 million and $85 million in fiscal 2015.
•   we also plan to invest in information technology upgrades at our stores and store support center, which will include additional omni-channel capabilities, improved inventory allocation system, continued improvements in data security and enhanced customer relationship management.
financing activities financing activities used cash of $340.5 million, $120.3 million, and $277.5 million in fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  the net cash used in financing activities in fiscal 2014 was mainly the result of repurchases of common stock and quarterly cash dividends paid to stockholders, partially offset by net proceeds from issuance of common stock related to share-based compensation and excess tax benefits recognized on stock options exercised. the increase in net cash used in financing activities is largely due to an increase of $169.1 million in common stock repurchases made in fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013.
on february 24, 2014, the company's board of directors authorized a $1 billion increase to the existing share repurchase program, bringing the total amount authorized to date under the program to an aggregate of $2 billion of common stock, exclusive of any fees, commissions, or other expenses related to such repurchases, through december 2017. the repurchases may be made from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions.  the timing and amount of any shares repurchased under the program will depend on a variety of factors, including price, corporate and regulatory requirements, capital availability, and other market conditions.  repurchased shares are accounted for at cost and will be held in treasury for future issuance.  the program may be limited or terminated at any time without prior notice.
we repurchased approximately 4.7 million, 2.3 million and 6.1 million shares of common stock under the share repurchase program at a total cost of $298.5 million, $129.4 million and $271.8 million in fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.  as of december 27, 2014, we had remaining authorization under the share repurchase program of $863.3 million, exclusive of any fees, commissions, or other expenses.
30
index in the second quarter of fiscal 2014, we increased our quarterly dividend from $0.13 per share to $0.16 per share and, in the second quarter of fiscal 2013, we increased our quarterly dividend from $0.10 per share to $0.13 per share.  we paid dividends totaling $84.1 million, $68.5 million and $51.3 million in fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively.
we believe that our existing cash balances, expected cash flow from future operations, borrowings available under the senior credit facility, operating and capital leases and normal trade credit will be sufficient to fund our operations and our capital expenditure needs, including new store openings, store acquisitions, relocations and renovations and distribution center capacity, through the end of fiscal 2015.
significant contractual obligations and commercial commitments the following table reflects our future obligations and commitments as of december 27, 2014 (in thousands):
payment due by period total                  2015               2016-2017               2018-2019       thereafter operating leases                 $2,076,057              $243,864              $462,347                $417,289             $952,557
capital leases(a)                     8,049                   537                 1,074                   1,074             5,364
construction commitments(b)          58,795                54,412                 4,383                       -             -
$2,142,901              $298,813              $467,804                $418,363             $957,921
(a) capital lease obligations include related interest.
(b) reflects $17.8 million for the land and construction of stores expected to be opened and $41.0 million for the construction of our new distribution center located in casa grande, arizona.
at december 27, 2014, there were $40.7 million outstanding letters of credit under the senior credit facility and an $18.3 million outstanding letter of credit at a financial institution outside of the senior credit facility.
off-balance sheet arrangements our off-balance sheet arrangements are limited to operating leases and outstanding letters of credit.  the balances for these arrangements are previously discussed.  we typically lease buildings for retail stores rather than acquiring these assets through purchases.  letters of credit allow us to purchase inventory, primarily sourced overseas, in a timely manner and support certain risk management programs.
recently issued accounting pronouncements in may 2014, the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued accounting standards update ("asu") no. 2014-09, "revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606)" ("asu 2014-09"). asu 2014-09 amends the guidance for revenue recognition to replace numerous, industry-specific requirements and converges areas under this topic with those of the international financial reporting standards. the asu implements a five-step process for customer contract revenue recognition that focuses on transfer of control, as opposed to transfer of risk and rewards. the amendment also requires enhanced disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows from contracts with customers. other major provisions include the capitalization and amortization of certain contract costs, ensuring the time value of money is considered in the transaction price, and allowing estimates of variable consideration to be recognized before contingencies are resolved in certain circumstances. the amendments in this asu are effective for reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2016, and early adoption is prohibited. entities can transition to the standard either retrospectively or as a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption. management is currently assessing the impact the adoption of asu 2014-09 will have on our condensed consolidated financial statements and related disclosures, including which transition method it will adopt.
31
index
