item 1a.   risk factors

we are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, many of which are described below and elsewhere in this annual report. any of the events described below could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. additional risks and uncertainties that we are not aware of, or that we currently deem to be immaterial, could also impact our business and results of operations.
a significant portion of our revenue is produced by facilities located in texas, nevada and california.
texas: we own 7 acute care hospitals and 22 behavioral healthcare facilities as listed in item 2. properties. on a combined basis, these facilities contributed 18% of our consolidated net revenues during each of 2014, 2013 and 2012. on a combined basis, after deducting an allocation for corporate overhead expense, these facilities generated 17% in 2014, 15% in 2013, and 12% in 2012 of our income from operations after net income attributable to noncontrolling interest.
nevada: we own 6 acute care hospitals and 4 behavioral healthcare facilities as listed in item 2. properties. on a combined basis, these facilities contributed 16% of our consolidated net revenues during each of 2014, 2013 and 2012. on a combined basis, after deducting an allocation for corporate overhead expense, these facilities generated 11% in 2014, 6% in 2013, and 8% in 2012 of our income from operations after net income attributable to noncontrolling interest.
california: we own 5 acute care hospitals and 6 behavioral healthcare facilities as listed in item 2. properties. on a combined basis, these facilities contributed 10% in 2014, 9% in 2013, and 10% in 2012 of our consolidated net revenues. on a combined basis, after deducting an allocation for corporate overhead expense, these facilities generated 8% in 2014, 4% in 2013, and 6% in 2012 of our income from operations after net income attributable to noncontrolling interest.
the significant portion of our revenues and earnings derived from these facilities makes us particularly sensitive to legislative, regulatory, economic, environmental and competition changes in texas nevada and california. any material change in the current payment programs or regulatory, economic, environmental or competitive conditions in these states could have a disproportionate effect on our overall business results.
our revenues and results of operations are significantly affected by payments received from the government and other third party payors.
we derive a significant portion of our revenue from third-party payors, including the medicare and medicaid programs. changes in these government programs in recent years have resulted in limitations on reimbursement and, in some cases, reduced levels of reimbursement for healthcare services. payments from federal and state government programs are subject to statutory and regulatory changes, administrative rulings, interpretations and determinations, requirements for utilization review, and federal and state funding restrictions, all of which could materially increase or decrease program payments, as well as affect the cost of providing service to patients and the timing of payments to facilities. we are unable to predict the effect of recent and future policy changes on our operations. in addition, the uncertainty and fiscal pressures placed upon federal and state governments as a result of, among other things, the substantial deterioration in general economic conditions and the funding requirements from the federal healthcare reform legislation, may affect the availability of taxpayer funds for medicare and medicaid programs. in addition, the vast majority of the net revenues generated at our behavioral health facilities located in the united kingdom are derived from governmental payors. if the rates paid or the scope of services covered by governmental payors in the united states or united kingdom are reduced, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations.
15
we receive medicaid revenues in excess of $90 million annually from each of texas, washington, d.c., pennsylvania, california, illinois, nevada, virginia and florida, making us particularly sensitive to reductions in medicaid and other state based revenue programs as well as regulatory, economic, environmental and competitive changes in those states. based upon the state budgets for those states for the 2015 fiscal year (which generally began at various times during the second half of 2014), we estimate that, on a blended basis, our aggregate medicaid rates were relatively unchanged from the 2014 fiscal year rates.
in addition to changes in government reimbursement programs, our ability to negotiate favorable contracts with private payors, including managed care providers, significantly affects the revenues and operating results of our hospitals. private payors, including managed care providers, increasingly are demanding that we accept lower rates of payment.
we expect continued third-party efforts to aggressively manage reimbursement levels and cost controls. reductions in reimbursement amounts received from third-party payors could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and our results of operations.
reductions or changes in medicare funding could have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations.
on january 3, 2013, president obama signed into law the american taxpayer relief act of 2012 (the “2012 act”). the 2012 act postponed for two months sequestration cuts mandated under the budget control act of 2011. the postponed sequestration cuts include a 2% annual reduction over ten years in medicare spending to providers. medicaid is exempt from sequestration. in order to offset the costs of the legislation, the 2012 act reduces payments to other providers totaling almost $26 billion over ten years. approximately half of those funds will come from reductions in medicare reimbursement to hospitals. although the bipartisan budget act of 2013 has reduced certain sequestration-related budgetary cuts, spending reductions related to the medicare program remain in place. on december 26, 2013, president obama signed into law h.j. res. 59, the bipartisan budget act of 2013, which includes the pathway for sgr reform act of 2013 (“the act”). in addition, on february 15, 2014, public law 113-082 was enacted. the act and subsequent federal legislation achieves new savings by extending sequestration for mandatory programs—including medicare—for another three years, through 2024. please see item 7. management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, sources of revenue-medicare, for additional disclosure.
the 2012 act includes a document and coding (“dci”) adjustment and a reduction in medicaid disproportionate share hospital (“dsh”) payments. expected to save $10.5 billion over 10 years, the dci adjustment decreases projected medicare hospital payments for inpatient and overnight care through a downward adjustment in annual base payment increases. these reductions are meant to recoup what medicare authorities consider to be “overpayments” to hospitals that occurred as a result of the transition to medicare severity diagnosis related groups. the reduction in medicaid dsh payments is expected to save $4.2 billion over 10 years. this provision extends the changes regarding dsh payments established by the legislation and determines future allotments off of the rebased level.
we are subject to uncertainties regarding health care reform.
on march 23, 2010, president obama signed into law the patient protection and affordable care act (the “ppaca”). the healthcare and education reconciliation act of 2010 (the “reconciliation act”), which contains a number of amendments to the ppaca, was signed into law on march 30, 2010. two primary goals of the ppaca, combined with the reconciliation act (collectively referred to as the “legislation”), are to provide for increased access to coverage for healthcare and to reduce healthcare-related expenses.
although it is expected that as a result of the legislation there may be a reduction in uninsured patients, which should reduce our expense from uncollectible accounts receivable, the legislation makes a number of
16
other changes to medicare and medicaid which we believe may have an adverse impact on us. it has been projected that the legislation will result in a net reduction in medicare and medicaid payments to hospitals totaling $155 billion over 10 years. the legislation revises reimbursement under the medicare and medicaid programs to emphasize the efficient delivery of high quality care and contains a number of incentives and penalties under these programs to achieve these goals. the legislation provides for decreases in the annual market basket update for federal fiscal years 2010 through 2019, a productivity offset to the market basket update beginning october 1, 2011 for medicare part b reimbursable items and services and beginning october 1, 2012 for medicare inpatient hospital services. the legislation and subsequent revisions provide for reductions to both medicare dsh and medicaid dsh payments. the medicare dsh reductions began in october, 2013 with no material adverse impact to the reimbursements we receive expected until 2015 while medicaid dsh reimbursements would not be adversely impacted until 2016. the legislation implements a value-based purchasing program, which will reward the delivery of efficient care. conversely, certain facilities will receive reduced reimbursement for failing to meet quality parameters; such hospitals will include those with excessive readmission or hospital-acquired condition rates.
a 2012 u.s. supreme court ruling limited the federal government’s ability to expand health insurance coverage by holding unconstitutional sections of the legislation that sought to withdraw federal funding for state noncompliance with certain medicaid coverage requirements. pursuant to that decision, the federal government may not penalize states that choose not to participate in the medicaid expansion program by reducing their existing medicaid funding. therefore, states can choose to accept or not to participate without risking the loss of federal medicaid funding. as a result, many states, including texas, have not expanded their medicaid programs without the threat of loss of federal funding.
there have been several attempts in congress to repeal or modify various provisions of the ppaca. we cannot predict whether or not any of these proposed changes to the ppaca will become law and therefore can provide no assurance that changes to the ppaca, as currently implemented, will not have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations.
in addition, a case currently pending before the supreme court of the united states, king vs. burwell, challenges the federal government’s ability to subsidize premiums paid by certain eligible individuals that obtain health insurance policies through federally facilitated exchanges. a number of our hospitals operate in states that utilize federally facilitated exchanges. the supreme court of the united states’ decision in this case could result in an increased number of uninsured patients treated at our hospitals located in these states which would have an adverse effect on our future results of operations.
the various provisions in the legislation that directly or indirectly affect medicare and medicaid reimbursement are scheduled to take effect over a number of years. the impact of the legislation on healthcare providers will be subject to implementing regulations, interpretive guidance and possible future legislation or legal challenges. certain legislation provisions, such as those creating the medicare shared savings program and the independent payment advisory board, create uncertainty in how healthcare may be reimbursed by federal programs in the future. thus, we cannot predict the impact of the legislation on our future reimbursement at this time and we can provide no assurance that the legislation will not have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations.
the legislation also contained provisions aimed at reducing fraud and abuse in healthcare. the legislation amends several existing laws, including the federal anti-kickback statute and the false claims act, making it easier for government agencies and private plaintiffs to prevail in lawsuits brought against healthcare providers. while congress had previously revised the intent requirement of the anti-kickback statute to provide that a person is not required to “have actual knowledge or specific intent to commit a violation of” the anti-kickback statute in order to be found in violation of such law, the legislation also provides that any claims for items or services that violate the anti-kickback statute are also considered false claims for purposes of the federal civil false claims act. the legislation provides that a healthcare provider that retains an overpayment in excess of 60 days is subject to the federal civil false claims act, although final regulations implementing this statutory
17
requirement remain pending. the legislation also expands the recovery audit contractor program to medicaid. these amendments also make it easier for severe fines and penalties to be imposed on healthcare providers that violate applicable laws and regulations.
we have partnered with local physicians in the ownership of certain of our facilities. these investments have been permitted under an exception to the physician self-referral law. the legislation permits existing physician investments in a hospital to continue under a “grandfather” clause if the arrangement satisfies certain requirements and restrictions, but physicians are prohibited from increasing the aggregate percentage of their ownership in the hospital. the legislation also imposes certain compliance and disclosure requirements upon existing physician-owned hospitals and restricts the ability of physician-owned hospitals to expand the capacity of their facilities.
the impact of the legislation on each of our hospitals may vary. because legislation provisions are effective at various times over the next several years, we anticipate that many of the provisions in the legislation may be subject to further revision. we cannot predict the impact the legislation may have on our business, results of operations, cash flow, capital resources and liquidity, or whether we will be able to successfully adapt to the changes required by the legislation.
we are required to treat patients with emergency medical conditions regardless of ability to pay.
in accordance with our internal policies and procedures, as well as the emergency medical treatment and active labor act, or emtala, we provide a medical screening examination to any individual who comes to one of our hospitals while in active labor and/or seeking medical treatment (whether or not such individual is eligible for insurance benefits and regardless of ability to pay) to determine if such individual has an emergency medical condition. if it is determined that such person has an emergency medical condition, we provide such further medical examination and treatment as is required to stabilize the patient’s medical condition, within the facility’s capability, or arrange for transfer of such individual to another medical facility in accordance with applicable law and the treating hospital’s written procedures. our obligations under emtala may increase substantially going forward; cms has sought stakeholder comments concerning the potential applicability of emtala to hospital inpatients and the responsibilities of hospitals with specialized capabilities, respectively, but has yet to issue further guidance in response to that request. if the number of indigent and charity care patients with emergency medical conditions we treat increases significantly, or if regulations expanding our obligations to inpatients under emtala is proposed and adopted, our results of operations will be harmed.
if we are not able to provide high quality medical care at a reasonable price, patients may choose to receive their health care from our competitors.
in recent years, the number of quality measures that hospitals are required to report publicly has increased. cms publishes performance data related to quality measures and data on patient satisfaction surveys that hospitals submit in connection with the medicare program. federal law provides for the future expansion of the number of quality measures that must be reported. additionally, the legislation requires all hospitals to annually establish, update and make public a list of their standard charges for products and services. if any of our hospitals achieve poor results on the quality measures or patient satisfaction surveys (or results that are lower than our competitors) or if our standard charges are higher than our competitors, our patient volume could decline because patients may elect to use competing hospitals or other health care providers that have better metrics and pricing. this circumstance could harm our business and results of operations.
an increase in uninsured and underinsured patients in our acute care facilities or the deterioration in the collectability of the accounts of such patients could harm our results of operations.
collection of receivables from third-party payors and patients is our primary source of cash and is critical to our operating performance. our primary collection risks relate to uninsured patients and the portion of the bill that is the patient’s responsibility, which primarily includes co-payments and deductibles. however, we also have substantial receivables due to us as of december 31, 2014 (a significant portion of which is past due) from
18
certain state-based funding programs, most particularly illinois and texas as discussed herein. we estimate our provisions for doubtful accounts based on general factors such as payor mix, the agings of the receivables, historical collection experience and assessment of probability of future collections. we routinely review accounts receivable balances in conjunction with these factors and other economic conditions that might ultimately affect the collectability of the patient accounts and make adjustments to our allowances as warranted. significant changes in business office operations, payor mix, economic conditions or trends in federal and state governmental health coverage could affect our collection of accounts receivable, cash flow and results of operations. if we experience unexpected increases in the growth of uninsured and underinsured patients or in bad debt expenses, our results of operations will be harmed.
our hospitals face competition for patients from other hospitals and health care providers.
the healthcare industry is highly competitive, and competition among hospitals, and other healthcare providers for patients and physicians has intensified in recent years. in all of the geographical areas in which we operate, there are other hospitals that provide services comparable to those offered by our hospitals. some of our competitors include hospitals that are owned by tax-supported governmental agencies or by nonprofit corporations and may be supported by endowments and charitable contributions and exempt from property, sales and income taxes. such exemptions and support are not available to us.
in some markets, certain of our competitors may have greater financial resources, be better equipped and offer a broader range of services than we. the number of inpatient facilities, as well as outpatient surgical and diagnostic centers, many of which are fully or partially owned by physicians, in the geographic areas in which we operate has increased significantly. as a result, most of our hospitals operate in an increasingly competitive environment.
if our competitors are better able to attract patients, recruit physicians and other healthcare professionals, expand services or obtain favorable managed care contracts at their facilities, we may experience a decline in patient volume and our business may be harmed.
our performance depends on our ability to recruit and retain quality physicians.
typically, physicians are responsible for making hospital admissions decisions and for directing the course of patient treatment. as a result, the success and competitive advantage of our hospitals depends, in part, on the number and quality of the physicians on the medical staffs of our hospitals, the admitting practices of those physicians and our maintenance of good relations with those physicians. physicians generally are not employees of our hospitals, and, in a number of our markets, physicians have admitting privileges at other hospitals in addition to our hospitals. they may terminate their affiliation with us at any time. if we are unable to provide high ethical and professional standards, adequate support personnel and technologically advanced equipment and facilities that meet the needs of those physicians, they may be discouraged from referring patients to our facilities and our results of operations may decline.
it may become difficult for us to attract and retain an adequate number of physicians to practice in certain of the non-urban communities in which our hospitals are located. our failure to recruit physicians to these communities or the loss of physicians in these communities could make it more difficult to attract patients to our hospitals and thereby may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
generally, the top ten attending physicians within each of our facilities represent a large share of our inpatient revenues and admissions. the loss of one or more of these physicians, even if temporary, could cause a material reduction in our revenues, which could take significant time to replace given the difficulty and cost associated with recruiting and retaining physicians.
19
if we do not continually enhance our hospitals with the most recent technological advances in diagnostic and surgical equipment, our ability to maintain and expand our markets will be adversely affected.
the technology used in medical equipment and related devices is constantly evolving and, as a result, manufacturers and distributors continue to offer new and upgraded products to health care providers. to compete effectively, we must continually assess our equipment needs and upgrade when significant technological advances occur. if our facilities do not stay current with technological advances in the health care industry, patients may seek treatment from other providers and/or physicians may refer their patients to alternate sources, which could adversely affect our results of operations and harm our business.
if we fail to continue to meet the meaningful use criteria related to electronic health record systems (“ehr”), our operations could be harmed.
pursuant to hitech regulations, hospitals that do not qualify as a meaningful user of ehr by 2015 are subject to a reduced market basket update to the inpatient prospective payment system (“ipps”) standardized amount in 2015 and each subsequent fiscal year. we believe that all of our acute care hospitals have met the applicable meaningful use criteria and therefore are not subject to a reduced market basked update to the ipps standardized amount in federal fiscal year 2015. however, under the hitech act, hospitals must continue to meet the applicable meaningful use criteria in each fiscal year or they will be subject to a market basket update reduction in a subsequent fiscal year. failure of our acute care hospitals to continue to meet the applicable meaningful use criteria would have an adverse effect on our future net revenues and results of operations.
our performance depends on our ability to attract and retain qualified nurses and medical support staff and we face competition for staffing that may increase our labor costs and harm our results of operations.
we depend on the efforts, abilities, and experience of our medical support personnel, including our nurses, pharmacists and lab technicians and other healthcare professionals. we compete with other healthcare providers in recruiting and retaining qualified hospital management, nurses and other medical personnel.
the nationwide shortage of nurses and other medical support personnel has been a significant operating issue facing us and other healthcare providers. this shortage may require us to enhance wages and benefits to recruit and retain nurses and other medical support personnel or require us to hire expensive temporary personnel. in addition, in some markets like california, there are requirements to maintain specified nurse-staffing levels. to the extent we cannot meet those levels, we may be required to limit the healthcare services provided in these markets, which would have a corresponding adverse effect on our net operating revenues.
we cannot predict the degree to which we will be affected by the future availability or cost of attracting and retaining talented medical support staff. if our general labor and related expenses increase, we may not be able to raise our rates correspondingly. our failure to either recruit and retain qualified hospital management, nurses and other medical support personnel or control our labor costs could harm our results of operations.
increased labor union activity is another factor that could adversely affect our labor costs. union organizing activities and certain potential changes in federal labor laws and regulations could increase the likelihood of employee unionization in the future, to the extent a greater portion of our employee base unionized, it is possible our labor costs could increase materially.
if we fail to comply with extensive laws and government regulations, we could suffer civil or criminal penalties or be required to make significant changes to our operations that could reduce our revenue and profitability.
the healthcare industry is required to comply with extensive and complex laws and regulations at the federal, state and local government levels relating to, among other things: hospital billing practices and prices for services; relationships with physicians and other referral sources; adequacy of medical care and quality of medical equipment and services; ownership of facilities; qualifications of medical and support personnel;
20
confidentiality, maintenance, privacy and security issues associated with health-related information and patient medical records; the screening, stabilization and transfer of patients who have emergency medical conditions; certification, licensure and accreditation of our facilities; operating policies and procedures, and; construction or expansion of facilities and services.
among these laws are the federal false claims act, the health insurance portability and accountability act of 1996, (“hipaa”), the federal anti-kickback statute and the provision of the social security act commonly known as the “stark law.” these laws, and particularly the anti-kickback statute and the stark law, impact the relationships that we may have with physicians and other referral sources. we have a variety of financial relationships with physicians who refer patients to our facilities, including employment contracts, leases and professional service agreements. we also provide financial incentives, including minimum revenue guarantees, to recruit physicians into communities served by our hospitals. the office of the inspector general of the department of health and human services, or oig, has enacted safe harbor regulations that outline practices that are deemed protected from prosecution under the anti-kickback statute. a number of our current arrangements, including financial relationships with physicians and other referral sources, may not qualify for safe harbor protection under the anti-kickback statute. failure to meet a safe harbor does not mean that the arrangement necessarily violates the anti-kickback statute, but may subject the arrangement to greater scrutiny. we cannot assure that practices that are outside of a safe harbor will not be found to violate the anti-kickback statute. cms published a medicare self-referral disclosure protocol, which is intended to allow providers to self-disclose actual or potential violations of the stark law. because there are only a few judicial decisions interpreting the stark law, there can be no assurance that our hospitals will not be found in violation of the stark law or that self-disclosure of a potential violation would result in reduced penalties.
federal regulations issued under hipaa contain provisions that require us to implement and, in the future, may require us to implement additional costly electronic media security systems and to adopt new business practices designed to protect the privacy and security of each of our patient’s health and related financial information. such privacy and security regulations impose extensive administrative, physical and technical requirements on us, restrict our use and disclosure of certain patient health and financial information, provide patients with rights with respect to their health information and require us to enter into contracts extending many of the privacy and security regulatory requirements to third parties that perform duties on our behalf. additionally, recent changes to hipaa regulations may result in greater compliance requirements, including obligations to report breaches of unsecured patient data, as well as create new liabilities for the actions of parties acting as business associates on our behalf.
these laws and regulations are extremely complex, and, in many cases, we do not have the benefit of regulatory or judicial interpretation. in the future, it is possible that different interpretations or enforcement of these laws and regulations could subject our current or past practices to allegations of impropriety or illegality or could require us to make changes in our facilities, equipment, personnel, services, capital expenditure programs and operating expenses. a determination that we have violated one or more of these laws (see item 3—legal proceedings), or the public announcement that we are being investigated for possible violations of one or more of these laws, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations and our business reputation could suffer significantly. in addition, we cannot predict whether other legislation or regulations at the federal or state level will be adopted, what form such legislation or regulations may take or what their impact on us may be. see item 1 business—self-referral and anti-kickback legislation.
if we are deemed to have failed to comply with the anti-kickback statute, the stark law or other applicable laws and regulations, we could be subjected to liabilities, including criminal penalties, civil penalties (including the loss of our licenses to operate one or more facilities), and exclusion of one or more facilities from participation in the medicare, medicaid and other federal and state healthcare programs. the imposition of such penalties could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
we also operate health care facilities in the united kingdom and have operations and commercial relationships with companies in other foreign jurisdictions and, as a result, are subject to certain u.s. and foreign
21
laws applicable to businesses generally, including anti-corruption laws. the foreign corrupt practices act regulates u.s. companies in their dealings with foreign officials, prohibiting bribes and similar practices, and requires that they maintain records that fairly and accurately reflect transactions and appropriate internal accounting controls. in addition, the united kingdom bribery act has wide jurisdiction over certain activities that affect the united kingdom.
we are subject to occupational health, safety and other similar regulations and failure to comply with such regulations could harm our business and results of operations.
we are subject to a wide variety of federal, state and local occupational health and safety laws and regulations. regulatory requirements affecting us include, but are not limited to, those covering: (i) air and water quality control; (ii) occupational health and safety (e.g., standards regarding blood-borne pathogens and ergonomics, etc.); (iii) waste management; (iv) the handling of asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls and radioactive substances; and (v) other hazardous materials. if we fail to comply with those standards, we may be subject to sanctions and penalties that could harm our business and results of operations.
we may be subject to liabilities from claims brought against our facilities.
we are subject to medical malpractice lawsuits, product liability lawsuits, class action lawsuits and other legal actions in the ordinary course of business. some of these actions may involve large claims, as well as significant defense costs. we cannot predict the outcome of these lawsuits or the effect that findings in such lawsuits may have on us. in an effort to resolve one or more of these matters, we may choose to negotiate a settlement. amounts we pay to settle any of these matters may be material. all professional and general liability insurance we purchase is subject to policy limitations. we believe that, based on our past experience and actuarial estimates, our insurance coverage is adequate considering the claims arising from the operations of our hospitals. while we continuously monitor our coverage, our ultimate liability for professional and general liability claims could change materially from our current estimates. if such policy limitations should be partially or fully exhausted in the future, or payments of claims exceed our estimates or are not covered by our insurance, it could have a material adverse effect on our operations.
we may be subject to governmental investigations, regulatory actions and whistleblower lawsuits.
the federal false claims act permits private parties to bring qui tam, or whistleblower, lawsuits against companies. whistleblower provisions allow private individuals to bring actions on behalf of the government alleging that the defendant has defrauded the federal government. these private parties are entitled to share in any amounts recovered by the government, and, as a result, the number of whistleblower lawsuits that have been filed against providers has increased significantly in recent years. because qui tam lawsuits are filed under seal, we could be named in one or more such lawsuits of which we are not aware. please see item 3. legal proceedings for disclosure of current related matters.
the failure of certain employers, or the closure of certain facilities, could have a disproportionate impact on our hospitals.
the economies in the non-urban communities in which our hospitals operate are often dependent on a small number of large employers. those employers often provide income and health insurance for a disproportionately large number of community residents who may depend on our hospitals and other health care facilities for their care. the failure of one or more large employer or the closure or substantial reduction in the number of individuals employed at facilities located in or near the communities where our hospitals operate, could cause affected employees to move elsewhere to seek employment or lose insurance coverage that was otherwise available to them. the occurrence of these events could adversely affect our revenue and results of operations, thereby harming our business.
22
if any of our existing health care facilities lose their accreditation or any of our new facilities fail to receive accreditation, such facilities could become ineligible to receive reimbursement under medicare or medicaid.
the construction and operation of healthcare facilities are subject to extensive federal, state and local regulation relating to, among other things, the adequacy of medical care, equipment, personnel, operating policies and procedures, fire prevention, rate-setting and compliance with building codes and environmental protection. additionally, such facilities are subject to periodic inspection by government authorities to assure their continued compliance with these various standards.
all of our hospitals are deemed certified, meaning that they are accredited, properly licensed under the relevant state laws and regulations and certified under the medicare program. the effect of maintaining certified facilities is to allow such facilities to participate in the medicare and medicaid programs. we believe that all of our healthcare facilities are in material compliance with applicable federal, state, local and other relevant regulations and standards. however, should any of our healthcare facilities lose their deemed certified status and thereby lose certification under the medicare or medicaid programs, such facilities would be unable to receive reimbursement from either of those programs and our business could be materially adversely effected.
our growth strategy depends, in part, on acquisitions, and we may not be able to continue to acquire hospitals that meet our target criteria. we may also have difficulties acquiring hospitals from not-for-profit entities due to regulatory scrutiny.
acquisitions of hospitals in select markets are a key element of our growth strategy. we face competition for acquisition candidates primarily from other for-profit healthcare companies, as well as from not-for-profit entities. some of our competitors have greater resources than we do. also, suitable acquisitions may not be accomplished due to unfavorable terms.
in addition, many states have enacted, or are considering enacting, laws that affect the conversion or sale of not-for-profit hospitals to for-profit entities. these laws generally require prior approval from the state attorney general, advance notification and community involvement. in addition, attorneys general in states without specific conversion legislation may exercise discretionary authority over such transactions. although the level of government involvement varies from state to state, the trend is to provide for increased governmental review and, in some cases, approval of a transaction in which a not-for-profit entity sells a healthcare facility to a for-profit entity. the adoption of new or expanded conversion legislation, increased review of not-for-profit hospital conversions or our inability to effectively compete against other potential purchasers could make it more difficult for us to acquire additional hospitals, increase our acquisition costs or make it difficult for us to acquire hospitals that meet our target acquisition criteria, any of which could adversely affect our growth strategy and results of operations.
further, the cost of an acquisition could result in a dilutive effect on our results of operations, depending on various factors, including the amount paid for the acquisition, the acquired hospital’s results of operations, allocation of the purchase price, effects of subsequent legislation and limits on rate increases.
we may fail to improve or integrate the operations of the hospitals we acquire, which could harm our results of operations and adversely affect our growth strategy.
we may be unable to timely and effectively integrate the hospitals that we acquire with our ongoing operations. we may experience delays in implementing operating procedures and systems in newly acquired hospitals. integrating a new hospital could be expensive and time consuming and could disrupt our ongoing business, negatively affect cash flow and distract management and other key personnel. in addition, acquisition activity requires transitions from, and the integration of, operations and, usually, information systems that are used by acquired hospitals. in addition, some of the hospitals we acquire had significantly lower operating margins than the hospitals we operate prior to the time of our acquisition. if we fail to improve the operating margins of the hospitals we acquire, operate such hospitals profitably or effectively integrate the operations of acquired hospitals, our results of operations could be harmed.
23
if we acquire hospitals with unknown or contingent liabilities, we could become liable for material obligations.
hospitals that we acquire may have unknown or contingent liabilities, including, but not limited to, liabilities for failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations. although we typically attempt to exclude significant liabilities from our acquisition transactions and seek indemnification from the sellers of such hospitals for these matters, we could experience difficulty enforcing those obligations or we could incur material liabilities for the past activities of hospitals we acquire. such liabilities and related legal or other costs and/or resulting damage to a facility’s reputation could harm our business.
our subsidiaries, psi, and its subsidiaries, are subject to pending legal actions, governmental investigations and regulatory actions.
our subsidiaries, psi, and its subsidiaries, are subject to pending legal actions, governmental investigations and regulatory actions (see item 3-legal proceedings). in addition, we are and may become subject to other loss contingencies, both known and unknown, which may relate to past, present and future facts, events, circumstances and occurrences. should an unfavorable outcome occur in some or all of our legal proceedings or other loss contingencies, or if successful claims and other actions are brought against us in the future, there could be a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations and liquidity following the merger and our ability to achieve expected benefits of the merger.
in particular, government investigations, as well as qui tam lawsuits, may lead to material fines, penalties, damages payments or other sanctions, including exclusion from government healthcare programs. settlements of lawsuits involving medicare and medicaid issues routinely require both monetary payments and corporate integrity agreements, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows.
state efforts to regulate the construction or expansion of health care facilities could impair our ability to expand.
many of the states in which we operate hospitals have enacted certificates of need, or con, laws as a condition prior to hospital capital expenditures, construction, expansion, modernization or initiation of major new services. our failure to obtain necessary state approval could result in our inability to complete a particular hospital acquisition, expansion or replacement, make a facility ineligible to receive reimbursement under the medicare or medicaid programs, result in the revocation of a facility’s license or impose civil or criminal penalties on us, any of which could harm our business.
in addition, significant con reforms have been proposed in a number of states that would increase the capital spending thresholds and provide exemptions of various services from review requirements. in the past, we have not experienced any material adverse effects from those requirements, but we cannot predict the impact of these changes upon our operations.
controls designed to reduce inpatient services may reduce our revenues.
controls imposed by third-party payors designed to reduce admissions and lengths of stay, commonly referred to as “utilization review,” have affected and are expected to continue to affect our facilities. utilization review entails the review of the admission and course of treatment of a patient by managed care plans. inpatient utilization, average lengths of stay and occupancy rates continue to be negatively affected by payor-required preadmission authorization and utilization review and by payor pressure to maximize outpatient and alternative healthcare delivery services for less acutely ill patients. efforts to impose more stringent cost controls are expected to continue. although we cannot predict the effect these changes will have on our operations, significant limits on the scope of services reimbursed and on reimbursement rates and fees could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations.
24
our revenues and volume trends may be adversely affected by certain factors over which we have no control.
our revenues and volume trends are dependent on many factors, including physicians’ clinical decisions and availability, payor programs shifting to a more outpatient-based environment, whether or not certain services are offered, seasonal and severe weather conditions, including the effects of extreme low temperatures, hurricanes and tornados, earthquakes, current local economic and demographic changes. in addition, technological developments and pharmaceutical improvements may reduce the demand for healthcare services or the profitability of the services we offer.
a worsening of the economic and employment conditions in the united states could materially affect our business and future results of operations.
our patient volumes, revenues and financial results depend significantly on the universe of patients with health insurance, which to a large extent is dependent on the employment status of individuals in our markets. worsening of economic conditions may result in a higher unemployment rate which may increase the number of individuals without health insurance. as a result, our facilities may experience a decrease in patient volumes, particularly in less intense, more elective service lines, or an increase in services provided to uninsured patients. these factors could have a material unfavorable impact on our future patient volumes, revenues and operating results.
in addition, as of december 31, 2014, we had approximately $3.29 billion of goodwill recorded on our consolidated balance sheet. should the revenues and financial results of our acute care and/or behavioral health care facilities be materially, unfavorably impacted due to, among other things, a worsening of the economic and employment conditions in the united states that could negatively impact our patient volumes and reimbursement rates, a continued rise in the unemployment rate and continued increases in the number of uninsured patients treated at our facilities, we may incur future charges to recognize impairment in the carrying value of our goodwill and other intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.
fluctuations in our operating results, quarter to quarter earnings and other factors may result in decreases in the price of our common stock.
the stock markets have experienced volatility that has often been unrelated to operating performance. these broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock and, as a result, there may be significant volatility in the market price of our common stock. if we are unable to operate our hospitals as profitably as we have in the past or as our stockholders expect us to in the future, the market price of our common stock will likely decline as stockholders could sell shares of our common stock when it becomes apparent that the market expectations may not be realized.
in addition to our operating results, many economic and seasonal factors outside of our control could have an adverse effect on the price of our common stock and increase fluctuations in our quarterly earnings. these factors include certain of the risks discussed herein, demographic changes, operating results of other hospital companies, changes in our financial estimates or recommendations of securities analysts, speculation in the press or investment community, the possible effects of war, terrorist and other hostilities, adverse weather conditions, the level of seasonal illnesses, managed care contract negotiations and terminations, changes in general conditions in the economy or the financial markets, or other developments affecting the health care industry.
our financial results may be adversely affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.
we are exposed to currency exchange risk with respect to the u.s. dollar in relation to the pound sterling, because a portion of our revenue and expenses are denominated in pounds. we monitor changes in our exposure to exchange rate risk. while we may elect to enter into hedging arrangements to protect our business against certain currency fluctuations, these hedging arrangements do not provide comprehensive protection, and our results of operations could be adversely affected by foreign exchange fluctuations.
25
we are subject to significant corporate regulation as a public company and failure to comply with all applicable regulations could subject us to liability or negatively affect our stock price.
as a publicly traded company, we are subject to a significant body of regulation, including the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002. while we have developed and instituted a corporate compliance program based on what we believe are the current best practices in corporate governance and continue to update this program in response to newly implemented or changing regulatory requirements, we cannot provide assurance that we are or will be in compliance with all potentially applicable corporate regulations. for example, we cannot provide assurance that, in the future, our management will not find a material weakness in connection with its annual review of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act. we also cannot provide assurance that we could correct any such weakness to allow our management to assess the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of our fiscal year in time to enable our independent registered public accounting firm to state that such assessment will have been fairly stated in our annual report on form 10-k or state that we have maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of the end of our fiscal year. if we fail to comply with any of these regulations, we could be subject to a range of regulatory actions, fines or other sanctions or litigation. if we must disclose any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, our stock price could decline.
a cyber security incident could cause a violation of hipaa, breach of member privacy, or other negative impacts.
we rely extensively on our information technology (“it”) systems to manage clinical and financial data, communicate with our patients, payors, vendors and other third parties and summarize and analyze operating results. in addition, we have made significant investments in technology to adopt and utilize electronic health records and to become meaningful users of health information technology pursuant to the american recovery and reinvestment act of 2009. a cyber-attack that bypasses our it security systems causing an it security breach, loss of protected health information or other data subject to privacy laws, loss of proprietary business information, or a material disruption of our it business systems, could have a material adverse impact on our business and result of operations. in addition, our future results of operations, as well as our reputation, could be adversely impacted by theft, destruction, loss, or misappropriation of public health information, other confidential data or proprietary business information.
different interpretations of accounting principles could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
generally accepted accounting principles are complex, continually evolving and may be subject to varied interpretation by us, our independent registered public accounting firm and the sec. such varied interpretations could result from differing views related to specific facts and circumstances. differences in interpretation of generally accepted accounting principles could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations.
we continue to see rising costs in construction materials and labor. such increased costs could have an adverse effect on the cash flow return on investment relating to our capital projects.
the cost of construction materials and labor has significantly increased. as we continue to invest in modern technologies, emergency rooms and operating room expansions, the construction of medical office buildings for physician expansion and reconfiguring the flow of patient care, we spend large amounts of money generated from our operating cash flow or borrowed funds. although we evaluate the financial feasibility of such projects by determining whether the projected cash flow return on investment exceeds our cost of capital, such returns may not be achieved if the cost of construction continues to rise significantly or the expected patient volumes are not attained.
26
the deterioration of credit and capital markets may adversely affect our access to sources of funding and we cannot be certain of the availability and terms of capital to fund the growth of our business when needed.
we require substantial capital resources to fund our acquisition growth strategy and our ongoing capital expenditure programs for renovation, expansion, construction and addition of medical equipment and technology. we believe that our capital expenditure program is adequate to expand, improve and equip our existing hospitals. we cannot predict, however, whether financing for our growth plans and capital expenditure programs will be available to us on satisfactory terms when needed, which could harm our business.
to fund all or a portion of our future financing needs, we rely on borrowings from various sources including fixed rate, long-term debt as well as borrowings pursuant to our revolving credit facility and accounts receivable securitization program. if any of the lenders were unable to fulfill their future commitments, our liquidity could be impacted, which could have a material unfavorable impact our results of operations and financial condition.
in addition, global capital markets have experienced volatility that has tightened access to capital markets and other sources of funding. in the event we need to access the capital markets or other sources of financing, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms or within an acceptable time. our inability to obtain financing on terms acceptable to us could have a material unfavorable impact on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
we depend heavily on key management personnel and the departure of one or more of our key executives or a significant portion of our local hospital management personnel could harm our business.
the expertise and efforts of our senior executives and key members of our local hospital management personnel are critical to the success of our business. the loss of the services of one or more of our senior executives or of a significant portion of our local hospital management personnel could significantly undermine our management expertise and our ability to provide efficient, quality healthcare services at our facilities, which could harm our business.
the number of outstanding shares of our class b common stock is subject to potential increases or decreases.
at december 31, 2014, 23.3 million shares of class b common stock were reserved for issuance upon conversion of shares of class a, c and d common stock outstanding, for issuance upon exercise of options to purchase class b common stock and for issuance of stock under other incentive plans. class a, c and d common stock are convertible on a share for share basis into class b common stock. to the extent that these shares were converted into or exercised for shares of class b common stock, the number of shares of class b common stock available for trading in the public market place would increase substantially and the current holders of class b common stock would own a smaller percentage of that class.
in addition, from time-to-time our board of directors approve stock repurchase programs authorizing us to purchase shares of our class b common stock on the open market at prevailing market prices or in negotiated transactions off the market. such repurchases decrease the number of outstanding shares of our class b common stock. conversely, as a potential means of generating additional funds to operate and expand our business, we may from time-to-time issue equity through the sale of stock which would increase the number of outstanding shares of our class b common stock. based upon factors such as, but not limited to, the market price of our stock, interest rate on borrowings and uses or potential uses for cash, repurchase or issuance of our stock could have a dilutive effect on our future basic and diluted earnings per share.
27
the right to elect the majority of our board of directors and the majority of the general shareholder voting power resides with the holders of class a and c common stock, the majority of which is owned by alan b. miller, our chief executive officer and chairman of our board of directors.
our restated certificate of incorporation provides that, with respect to the election of directors, holders of class a common stock vote as a class with the holders of class c common stock, and holders of class b common stock vote as a class with holders of class d common stock, with holders of all classes of our common stock entitled to one vote per share.
as of march 24, 2014, the shares of class a and class c common stock constituted 7.4% of the aggregate outstanding shares of our common stock, had the right to elect five members of the board of directors and constituted 86.7% of our general voting power. as of march 24, 2014, the shares of class b and class d common stock (excluding shares issuable upon exercise of options) constituted 92.6% of the outstanding shares of our common stock, had the right to elect two members of the board of directors and constituted 13.3% of our general voting power.
as to matters other than the election of directors, our restated certificate of incorporation provides that holders of class a, class b, class c and class d common stock all vote together as a single class, except as otherwise provided by law.
each share of class a common stock entitles the holder thereof to one vote; each share of class b common stock entitles the holder thereof to one-tenth of a vote; each share of class c common stock entitles the holder thereof to 100 votes (provided the holder of class c common stock holds a number of shares of class a common stock equal to ten times the number of shares of class c common stock that holder holds); and each share of class d common stock entitles the holder thereof to ten votes (provided the holder of class d common stock holds a number of shares of class b common stock equal to ten times the number of shares of class d common stock that holder holds).
in the event a holder of class c or class d common stock holds a number of shares of class a or class b common stock, respectively, less than ten times the number of shares of class c or class d common stock that holder holds, then that holder will be entitled to only one vote for every share of class c common stock, or one-tenth of a vote for every share of class d common stock, which that holder holds in excess of one-tenth the number of shares of class a or class b common stock, respectively, held by that holder. the board of directors, in its discretion, may require beneficial owners to provide satisfactory evidence that such owner holds ten times as many shares of class a or class b common stock as class c or class d common stock, respectively, if such facts are not apparent from our stock records.
since a substantial majority of the class a shares and class c shares are controlled by mr. alan b. miller and members of his family who are also directors and officers of our company, and they can elect a majority of our company’s directors and effect or reject most actions requiring approval by stockholders without the vote of any other stockholders, there are potential conflicts of interest in overseeing the management of our company.
in addition, because this concentrated control could discourage others from initiating any potential merger, takeover or other change of control transaction that may otherwise be beneficial to our businesses, our business and prospects and the trading price of our securities could be adversely affected.
item 7.   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations

overview our principal business is owning and operating, through our subsidiaries, acute care hospitals, behavioral health centers, surgical hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers and radiation oncology centers. as of february 26, 2015, we owned and/or operated 24 acute care hospitals and 216 behavioral health centers located in 37 states, washington, d.c., the united kingdom, puerto rico and the u.s. virgin islands. as part of our ambulatory treatment centers division, we manage and/or own outright or in partnerships with physicians, 5 surgical hospitals and surgery and radiation oncology centers located in 4 states.
in late september, 2014, we acquired the stock of cygnet health care limited. through this acquisition, we have added a total of 17 facilities located throughout the united kingdom including 15 inpatient behavioral health hospitals and 2 nursing homes with a total of 723 beds.
net revenues from our acute care hospitals, surgical hospitals, surgery centers and radiation oncology centers accounted for 51% of our consolidated net revenues in 2014, 49% in 2013 and 50% in 2012. net revenues from our behavioral health care facilities accounted for 49% of our consolidated net revenues in 2014 and 50% during each of 2013 and 2012.
services provided by our hospitals include general and specialty surgery, internal medicine, obstetrics, emergency room care, radiology, oncology, diagnostic care, coronary care, pediatric services, pharmacy services and/or behavioral health services. we provide capital resources as well as a variety of management services to our facilities, including central purchasing, information services, finance and control systems, facilities planning, physician recruitment services, administrative personnel management, marketing and public relations.
forward-looking statements and risk factors you should carefully review the information contained in this annual report, and should particularly consider any risk factors that we set forth in this annual report and in other reports or documents that we file from time to time with the securities and exchange commission (the “sec”). in this annual report, we state our beliefs of future events and of our future financial performance. this annual report contains “forward-looking statements” that reflect our current estimates, expectations and projections about our future results, performance, prospects and opportunities. forward-looking statements include, among other things, the information concerning our possible future results of operations, business and growth strategies, financing plans, expectations that regulatory developments or other matters will not have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition, our competitive position and the effects of competition, the projected growth of the industry in which we operate, and the benefits and synergies to be obtained from our completed and any future acquisitions, and statements of our goals and objectives, and other similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. words such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “could,” “would,” “predicts,” “potential,” “continue,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “future,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “estimates,” “appears,” “projects” and similar expressions, as well as statements in future tense, identify forward-looking statements. in evaluating those statements, you should specifically consider various factors, including the risks related to healthcare industry trends and those set forth herein in item 1a. risk factors.
forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times at, or by which, such performance or results will be achieved. forward-looking information is based on information available at the time and/or our good faith belief with respect to future events, and is subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements. such factors include, among other things, the following:
•   our ability to comply with the existing laws and government regulations, and/or changes in laws and government regulations;

42
•   an increasing number of legislative initiatives have recently been passed into law that may result in major changes in the health care delivery system on a national or state level. no assurances can be given that the implementation of these new laws will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations;

•   possible unfavorable changes in the levels and terms of reimbursement for our charges by third party payors or government based payors, including medicare or medicaid in the united states, and government based payors in the united kingdom;

•   an increase in the number of uninsured and self-pay patients treated at our acute care facilities that unfavorably impacts our ability to satisfactorily and timely collect our self-pay patient accounts;

•   our ability to enter into managed care provider agreements on acceptable terms and the ability of our competitors to do the same, including contracts with united/sierra healthcare in las vegas, nevada;

•   the outcome of known and unknown litigation, government investigations, false claim act allegations, and liabilities and other claims asserted against us and other matters as disclosed in item 3. legal proceedings;

•   the potential unfavorable impact on our business of deterioration in national, regional and local economic and business conditions, including a worsening of unfavorable credit market conditions;

•   competition from other healthcare providers (including physician owned facilities) in certain markets;

•   technological and pharmaceutical improvements that increase the cost of providing, or reduce the demand for healthcare;

•   our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, nurses, physicians and other healthcare professionals and the impact on our labor expenses resulting from a shortage of nurses and other healthcare professionals;

•   demographic changes;

•   our ability to successfully integrate and improve our recent acquisitions and the availability of suitable acquisitions and divestiture opportunities;

•                      as discussed below in sources of revenue, we receive revenues from various state and county based programs, including medicaid in all the states in which we operate, (we receive medicaid revenues in excess of $90
million annually from each of texas, washington, d.c., pennsylvania, california, illinois, nevada, virginia and florida); cms-approved medicaid supplemental programs in certain states including texas, oklahoma, illinois, mississippi, arkansas and california, and; state medicaid disproportionate share hospital payments in certain states including texas and south carolina. we are therefore particularly sensitive to potential reductions in medicaid and other state based revenue programs as well as regulatory, economic, environmental and competitive changes in those states. we can provide no assurance that reductions to revenues earned pursuant to these programs, particularly in the above-mentioned states, will not have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations;

•   our ability to continue to obtain capital on acceptable terms, including borrowed funds, to fund the future growth of our business;

•   some of our acute care facilities continue to experience decreasing inpatient admission trends;

•   our financial statements reflect large amounts due from various commercial and private payors and there can be no assurance that failure of the payors to remit amounts due to us will not have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations;

•                                                 in march, 2010, the health care and education reconciliation act of 2010 and the patient protection and affordable care act were enacted into law and created significant changes to health insurance coverage for u.s. citizens as well as material revisions to the federal medicare and state medicaid programs. the two combined primary goals of these acts are to provide for increased access to coverage for healthcare and to reduce healthcare-related expenses. medicare, medicaid and other

43
health care industry changes are scheduled to be implemented at various times during this decade. we cannot predict the effect, if any, these enactments will have on our future results of operations;

•                                  the department of health and human services (“hhs”) published final regulations in july, 2010 implementing the health information technology (“hit”) provisions of the american recovery and reinvestment act (referred to as the “hitech act”). the final regulation defines the “meaningful use” of electronic health records (“ehr”) and establishes the requirements for the medicare and medicaid ehr payment incentive programs. the implementation period for these new medicare and medicaid incentive payments started in federal fiscal year 2011 and can end as late as 2016 for medicare and 2021 for the state medicaid programs. hospitals that do not qualify as a meaningful user of ehr by 2015 are subject to a reduced market basket update to the inpatient prospective payment system (“ipps”) standardized amount in 2015 and each subsequent fiscal year. we believe that all of our acute care hospitals have met the applicable meaningful use criteria and therefore are not subject to a reduced market basked update to the ipps standardized amount in federal fiscal year 2015. however, under the hitech act, hospitals must continue to meet the applicable meaningful use criteria in each fiscal year or they will be subject to a market basket update reduction in a subsequent fiscal year. failure of our acute care hospitals to continue to meet the applicable meaningful use criteria would have an adverse effect on our future net revenues and results of operations. there will likely be timing differences in the recognition of the incentive income and expenses recorded in connection with the implementation of the ehr applications which may cause material period-to-period changes in our future results of operations;

•                       in august, 2011, the budget control act of 2011 (the “2011 act”) was enacted into law. the 2011 act imposed annual spending limits for most federal agencies and programs aimed at reducing budget deficits by
$917 billion between 2012 and 2021, according to a report released by the congressional budget office. among its other provisions, the law established a bipartisan congressional committee, known as the joint select committee on deficit reduction
(the “joint committee”), which was tasked with making recommendations aimed at reducing future federal budget deficits by an additional $1.5 trillion over 10 years. the joint committee was unable to reach an agreement by the november 23, 2011 deadline and, as a result, across-the-board cuts to discretionary, national defense and medicare spending were implemented on march 1, 2013 resulting in medicare payment reductions of up to 2% per fiscal year
(approximately $35 million annual reduction to our medicare net revenues effective as of april 1, 2013) with a uniform percentage reduction across all medicare programs. we cannot predict whether congress will restructure the implemented medicare payment reductions or what other federal budget deficit reduction initiatives may be proposed by congress;

•                                                           our accounts receivable as of december 31, 2014 and 2013 include amounts due from illinois of approximately $44 million and $49 million, respectively. collection of the outstanding receivables continues to be delayed due to state budgetary and funding pressures. approximately $23 million as of december 31, 2014 and $28 million as of december 31, 2013, of the receivables due from illinois were outstanding in excess of 60 days, as of each respective date. in addition, our accounts receivable as of december 31, 2014 and 2013 includes approximately $102 million and $62 million due from texas in connection with medicaid supplemental payment programs. the $102 million due from texas as of december 31, 2014 consists of $45 million related to uncompensated care program revenues, $33 million related to disproportionate share hospital program revenues and $24 million related to delivery service reform incentive payment program (“dsrip”) revenues. approximately $24 million of cash was received in january, 2015 from texas related to the above-mentioned dsrip receivables outstanding as of december 31, 2014. although the accounts receivable due from illinois and texas could remain outstanding for the foreseeable future, since we expect to eventually collect all amounts due to us, no related reserves have been established in our consolidated financial statements. however, we can provide no assurance that we will eventually collect all amounts due to us from illinois and/or texas. failure to ultimately collect all outstanding amounts due from these states would have an adverse impact on our future consolidated results of operations and cash flows. in september, 2014

44
cms deferred the federal matching funds on texas medicaid uncompensated care payments made to providers in certain counties in texas. although our hospitals located in texas were not impacted by this deferral since they are not located in the impacted geographical areas, we can provide no assurance that our hospitals will not be impacted by future deferrals if cms expands the deferrals to other counties in texas. in january, 2015, cms removed the aforementioned deferral but indicated they will continue their review and assessment of the underlying uncompensated care financing arrangements to ensure compliance with the applicable federal regulations and eligibility for federal matching funds;

•                       there have been several attempts in congress to repeal or modify various provisions of the patient protection and affordable care act (the “ppaca”). we cannot predict whether or not any of these proposed changes to the ppaca will become law and therefore can provide no assurance that changes to the ppaca, as currently implemented, will not have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations. in addition, a case currently pending before the supreme court of the united states, king vs. burwell, challenges the federal government’s ability to subsidize premiums paid by certain eligible individuals that obtain health insurance policies through federally facilitated exchanges. a number of our hospitals operate in states that utilize federally facilitated exchanges. the supreme court of the united states’ decision in this case could result in an increased number of uninsured patients treated at our hospitals located in these states which would have an adverse impact on our future results of operations;

•   the ability to obtain adequate levels of general and professional liability insurance on current terms;

•   changes in our business strategies or development plans;

•   fluctuations in the value of our common stock, and;

•   other factors referenced herein or in our other filings with the securities and exchange commission.

given these uncertainties, risks and assumptions, as outlined above, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. our actual results and financial condition could differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements speak only as of the date the statements are made. we assume no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changes in assumptions or changes in other factors affecting forward-looking information, except as may be required by law. all forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.
a summary of our significant accounting policies is outlined in note 1 to the financial statements. we consider our critical accounting policies to be those that require us to make significant judgments and estimates when we prepare our financial statements, including the following:
revenue recognition: we record revenues and related receivables for health care services at the time the services are provided. medicare and medicaid revenues represented 36% of our net patient revenues during 2014, 38% during 2013 and 39% during 2012. revenues from managed care entities, including health maintenance organizations and managed medicare and medicaid programs accounted for 50% of our net patient revenues during 2014 and 49% during each of 2013 and 2012.
we report net patient service revenue at the estimated net realizable amounts from patients and third-party payors and others for services rendered. we have agreements with third-party payors that provide for payments to us at amounts different from our established rates. payment arrangements include prospectively determined rates per discharge, reimbursed costs, discounted charges and per diem payments. estimates of contractual allowances under managed care plans are based upon the payment terms specified in the related contractual agreements. we closely monitor our historical collection rates, as well as changes in applicable laws, rules and
45
regulations and contract terms, to assure that provisions are made using the most accurate information available. however, due to the complexities involved in these estimations, actual payments from payors may be different from the amounts we estimate and record.
we estimate our medicare and medicaid revenues using the latest available financial information, patient utilization data, government provided data and in accordance with applicable medicare and medicaid payment rules and regulations. the laws and regulations governing the medicare and medicaid programs are extremely complex and subject to interpretation and as a result, there is at least a reasonable possibility that recorded estimates will change by material amounts in the near term. certain types of payments by the medicare program and state medicaid programs (e.g. medicare disproportionate share hospital, medicare allowable bad debts and inpatient psychiatric services) are subject to retroactive adjustment in future periods as a result of administrative review and audit and our estimates may vary from the final settlements. such amounts are included in accounts receivable, net, on our consolidated balance sheets. the funding of both federal medicare and state medicaid programs are subject to legislative and regulatory changes. as such, we cannot provide any assurance that future legislation and regulations, if enacted, will not have a material impact on our future medicare and medicaid reimbursements. adjustments related to the final settlement of these retrospectively determined amounts did not materially impact our results in 2014, 2013 and 2012. if it were to occur, each 1% adjustment to our estimated net medicare revenues that are subject to retrospective review and settlement as of december 31, 2014, would change our after-tax net income by approximately $1 million.
we provide care to patients who meet certain financial or economic criteria without charge or at amounts substantially less than our established rates. because we do not pursue collection of amounts determined to qualify as charity care, they are not reported in net revenues or in accounts receivable, net. see additional disclosure below in charity care, uninsured discounts and provision for doubtful accounts for our estimated uncompensated care provided and estimated cost of providing uncompensated care.
charity care, uninsured discounts and provision for doubtful accounts: collection of receivables from third-party payers and patients is our primary source of cash and is critical to our operating performance. our primary collection risks relate to uninsured patients and the portion of the bill which is the patient’s responsibility, primarily co-payments and deductibles. we estimate our provisions for doubtful accounts based on general factors such as payer mix, the agings of the receivables and historical collection experience. we routinely review accounts receivable balances in conjunction with these factors and other economic conditions which might ultimately affect the collectability of the patient accounts and make adjustments to our allowances as warranted. at our acute care hospitals, third party liability accounts are pursued until all payment and adjustments are posted to the patient account. for those accounts with a patient balance after third party liability is finalized or accounts for uninsured patients, the patient receives statements and collection letters. our hospitals establish a partial reserve for self-pay accounts in the allowance for doubtful accounts for both unbilled balances and those that have been billed and are under 90 days old. all self-pay accounts are fully reserved at 90 days from the date of discharge. third party liability accounts are fully reserved in the allowance for doubtful accounts when the balance ages past 180 days from the date of discharge. patients that express an inability to pay are reviewed for potential sources of financial assistance including our charity care policy. if the patient is deemed unwilling to pay, the account is written-off as bad debt and transferred to an outside collection agency for additional collection effort.
historically, a significant portion of the patients treated throughout our portfolio of acute care hospitals are uninsured patients which, in part, has resulted from patients who are employed but do not have health insurance or who have policies with relatively high deductibles. patients treated at our hospitals for non-elective services, who have gross income less than 400% of the federal poverty guidelines, are deemed eligible for charity care. the federal poverty guidelines are established by the federal government and are based on income and family size. because we do not pursue collection of amounts that qualify as charity care, they are not reported in our net revenues or in our accounts receivable, net.
a portion of the accounts receivable at our acute care facilities are comprised of medicaid accounts that are pending approval from third-party payers but we also have smaller amounts due from other miscellaneous payers
46
such as county indigent programs in certain states. our patient registration process includes an interview of the patient or the patient’s responsible party at the time of registration. at that time, an insurance eligibility determination is made and an insurance plan code is assigned. there are various pre-established insurance profiles in our patient accounting system which determine the expected insurance reimbursement for each patient based on the insurance plan code assigned and the services rendered. certain patients may be classified as medicaid pending at registration based upon a screening evaluation if we are unable to definitively determine if they are currently medicaid eligible. when a patient is registered as medicaid eligible or medicaid pending, our patient accounting system records net revenues for services provided to that patient based upon the established medicaid reimbursement rates, subject to the ultimate disposition of the patient’s medicaid eligibility. when the patient’s ultimate eligibility is determined, reclassifications may occur which impacts the reported amounts in future periods for the provision for doubtful accounts and other accounts such as medicaid pending. although the patient’s ultimate eligibility determination may result in amounts being reclassified among these accounts from period to period, these reclassifications did not have a material impact on our results of operations in 2014, 2013 or 2012 since our facilities make estimates at each financial reporting period to reserve for amounts that are deemed to be uncollectible.
we also provide discounts to uninsured patients (included in “uninsured discounts” amounts below) who do not qualify for medicaid or charity care. because we do not pursue collection of amounts classified as uninsured discounts, they are not reported in our net revenues or in our net accounts receivable. in implementing the discount policy, we first attempt to qualify uninsured patients for governmental programs, charity care or any other discount program. if an uninsured patient does not qualify for these programs, the uninsured discount is applied. effective january 1, 2014, in response to market conditions and other considerations, we modified our uninsured discount policy and increased the discount to 60% of gross charges from 30% previously. since we expect to collect only a small portion of amounts due from our uninsured patients, the increase in the uninsured discount in 2014 had no material impact on our net revenues, net income attributable to uhs or net accounts receivable, as compared to prior year periods. however, this change resulted in an increase in uninsured discounts and a decrease in the provision for doubtful accounts. our accounts receivable are recorded net of allowance for doubtful accounts of $325 million and $395 million at december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
approximately 84% during 2014 and 90% during 2013 of our consolidated provision for doubtful accounts, was incurred by our acute care hospitals. shown below is our payer mix concentrations and related aging of our billed accounts receivable, net of contractual allowances, for our acute care hospitals as of december 31, 2014 and 2013:
as of december 31, 2014:
(amounts in thousands)                0-60 days      61-120 days      121-180 days      over 180 days medicare                                $65,854           $3,988            $1,780             $9,138
medicaid                                 11,049            7,226             4,306             11,354
commercial insurance and other          283,565           96,973            46,344            111,875
private pay                              81,376           48,112             8,642             17,788
total                                  $441,844         $156,299           $61,072           $150,155
as of december 31, 2013:
(amounts in thousands)                0-60 days      61-120 days      121-180 days     over 180 days medicare                                $66,125           $8,885            $2,983           $12,500
medicaid                                 20,710           15,095            10,309            27,422
commercial insurance and other          237,587           78,048            35,671            71,191
private pay                             143,683           96,294            20,983             4,354
total                                  $468,105         $198,322           $69,946          $115,467
47
accounting for medicare and medicaid electronic health records incentive payments: in july 2010, the department of health and human services published final regulations implementing the health information technology provisions of the american recovery and reinvestment act. the regulation defines the “meaningful use” of electronic health records (“ehr”) and established the requirements for the medicare and medicaid ehr payment incentive programs. the implementation period for these new medicare and medicaid incentive payments started in federal fiscal year 2011 and can end as late as 2016 for medicare and 2021 for the state medicaid programs. we recognize income related to medicare and medicaid incentive payments using a gain contingency model that is based upon when our eligible hospitals have demonstrated “meaningful use” of certified ehr technology for the applicable period and the cost report information for the full cost report year that will determine the final calculation of the incentive payment is available.
medicare ehr incentive payments: federal regulations require that medicare ehr incentive payments be computed based on the medicare cost report that begins in the federal fiscal period in which a hospital meets the applicable “meaningful use” requirements. since the annual medicare cost report periods for each of our acute care hospitals ends on december 31st, we will recognize medicare ehr incentive income for each hospital during the fourth quarter of the year in which the facility meets the “meaningful use” criteria and during the fourth quarter of each applicable subsequent year.
medicaid ehr incentive payments: medicaid ehr incentive payments are determined based upon prior period cost report information available at the time our hospitals met the “meaningful use” criteria. therefore, the majority of the medicaid ehr incentive income recognition occurred in the period in which the applicable hospitals were deemed to have met initial “meaningful use” criteria. upon meeting subsequent fiscal year “meaningful use” criteria, our hospitals may become entitled to additional medicaid ehr incentive payments which will be recognized as incentive income in future periods. medicaid ehr incentive payments received prior to our hospitals meeting the “meaningful use” criteria were included in other current liabilities (as deferred ehr incentive income) in our consolidated balance sheet.
self-insured/other insurance risks: we provide for self-insured risks, primarily general and professional liability claims and workers’ compensation claims. our estimated liability for self-insured professional and general liability claims is based on a number of factors including, among other things, the number of asserted claims and reported incidents, estimates of losses for these claims based on recent and historical settlement amounts, estimate of incurred but not reported claims based on historical experience, and estimates of amounts recoverable under our commercial insurance policies. all relevant information, including our own historical experience is used in estimating the expected amount of claims. while we continuously monitor these factors, our ultimate liability for professional and general liability claims could change materially from our current estimates due to inherent uncertainties involved in making this estimate. our estimated self-insured reserves are reviewed and changed, if necessary, at each reporting date and changes are recognized currently as additional expense or as a reduction of expense. in addition, we also: (i) own a commercial health insurer headquartered in reno, nevada, and; (ii) maintain self-insured employee benefits programs for employee healthcare and dental claims. the ultimate costs related to these programs/operations include expenses for claims incurred and paid in addition to an accrual for the estimated expenses incurred in connection with claims incurred but not yet reported. given our significant insurance-related exposure, there can be no assurance that a sharp increase in the number and/or severity of claims asserted against us will not have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations.
professional and general liability and workers compensation liability:
effective november, 2010, excluding certain subsidiaries acquired since 2010 as discussed below, the vast majority of our subsidiaries are self-insured for professional and general liability exposure up to $10 million and $3 million per occurrence, respectively. our subsidiaries were provided with several excess policies through commercial insurance carriers which provide for coverage in excess of the applicable per occurrence self-insured retention (either $3 million or $10 million) up to $250 million per occurrence and in the aggregate for claims incurred in 2014 and up to $200 million per occurrence and in the aggregate for claims incurred from 2011
48
through 2013. we remain liable for 10% of the claims paid pursuant to the commercially insured coverage in excess of $10 million up to $60 million per occurrence and in the aggregate.
since our acquisition of psychiatric solutions, inc. (“psi”) in november, 2010, the former psi subsidiaries are self-insured for professional and general liability exposure up to $3 million per occurrence. the nine behavioral health facilities acquired from ascend health corporation (“ascend”) in october, 2012 have general and professional liability policies through commercial insurance carriers which provide for up to $12 million of aggregate coverage, subject to a $100,000 per occurrence deductible. the 17 facilities acquired from cygnet health care limited (“cygnet”), consisting of 15 inpatient behavioral health hospitals and 2 nursing homes, have policies through a commercial insurance carrier located in the united kingdom that provides for £10 million of professional liability coverage and £25 million of general liability coverage. the facilities acquired from psi, ascend and cygnet, like our other facilities, are also provided excess coverage through commercial insurance carriers for coverage in excess of the underlying commercial policy limitations, as mentioned above.
our estimated liability for self-insured professional and general liability claims is based on a number of factors including, among other things, the number of asserted claims and reported incidents, estimates of losses for these claims based on recent and historical settlement amounts, estimates of incurred but not reported claims based on historical experience, and estimates of amounts recoverable under our commercial insurance policies. while we continuously monitor these factors, our ultimate liability for professional and general liability claims could change materially from our current estimates due to inherent uncertainties involved in making this estimate. given our significant self-insured exposure for professional and general liability claims, there can be no assurance that a sharp increase in the number and/or severity of claims asserted against us will not have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations.
as of december 31, 2014, the total accrual for our professional and general liability claims was $193 million, of which $51 million is included in current liabilities. as of december 31, 2013, the total accrual for our professional and general liability claims was $206 million, of which $44 million is included in current liabilities.
we recorded reductions to our professional and general liability self-insurance reserves (relating to prior years) amounting to $20 million during 2014, $81 million during 2013 and $27 million during 2012. the favorable changes recorded during 2014 and 2012 resulted from changes in our estimated future claims payments pursuant to a reserve analysis. the favorable change in our estimated future claims payments recorded during 2013, relating to years prior to 2013, were due primarily to: (i) an increased weighting given to company-specific metrics (to 100% from 75%), and decreased general industry metrics (to 0% from 25%), related to projected incidents per exposure, historical claims experience and loss development factors; (ii) historical data which measured the realized favorable impact of medical malpractice tort reform experienced in several states in which we operate, and; (iii) a decrease in claims related to certain higher risk specialties (such as obstetrical) due to a continuation of the company-wide patient safety initiative undertaken during the last several years. as the number of our facilities and our patient volumes have increased, thereby providing for a statistically significant data group, and taking into consideration our long-history of company-specific risk management programs and claims experience, our reserve analyses have included a greater emphasis on our historical professional and general liability experience which has developed favorably as compared to general industry trends.
as of december 31, 2014, the total accrual for our workers’ compensation liability claims was $67 million, of which $32 million is included in current liabilities. as of december 31, 2013, the total accrual for our workers’ compensation liability claims was $64 million, of which $34 million is included in current liabilities. during the last three years, adjustments recorded to our prior year reserves for workers’ compensation claims did not have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 or 2012.
although we are unable to predict whether or not our future financial statements will include adjustments to our prior year reserves for self-insured general and professional and workers’ compensation claims, given the relatively unpredictable nature of the these potential liabilities and the factors impacting these reserves, as discussed above, it is reasonably likely that our future financial results may include material adjustments to prior period reserves.
49
below is a schedule showing the changes in our general and professional liability and workers’ compensation reserves during the three years ended december 31, 2014 (amount in thousands):
general and               workers’                total professional           compensation liability balance at january 1, 2012                                                     $292,049                $64,926             $356,975
plus: accrued insurance expense, net of commercial premiums paid (a)             29,152                 33,508               62,660
less: payments made in settlement of self-insured claims                        (42,602   )            (32,480   )          (75,082   )
balance at january 1, 2013                                                      278,599                 65,954              344,553
plus: accrued insurance expense, net of commercial premiums paid (a)            (35,182   )             31,361               (3,821   )
less: payments made in settlement of self-insured claims                        (37,127   )            (33,517   )          (70,644   )
balance at january 1, 2014                                                      206,290                 63,798              270,088
plus: accrued insurance expense, net of commercial premiums paid (a)             22,601                 36,675               59,276
less: payments made in settlement of self-insured claims                        (35,987   )            (33,659   )          (69,646   )
balance at december 31, 2014                                                   $192,904                $66,814             $259,718
(a)   general and professional liability amounts are net of adjustments recorded during each year, as discussed above.

property insurance:
we have commercial property insurance policies covering catastrophic losses, including windstorm damage, up to a $1 billion policy limit per occurrence, subject to a $250,000 deductible for the majority of our properties (the properties acquired from psi are subject to a $50,000 deductible). losses resulting from named windstorms are subject to deductibles between 3% and 5% of the declared total insurable value of the property. in addition, we have commercial property insurance policies covering catastrophic losses resulting from earthquake and flood damage, each subject to aggregated loss limits (as opposed to per occurrence losses). our earthquake limit is $250 million, subject to a deductible of $250,000, except for facilities located within documented fault zones. earthquake losses that affect facilities located in fault zones within the united states are subject to a $100 million limit and will have applied deductibles ranging from 1% to 5% of the declared total insurable value of the property. the earthquake limit in puerto rico is $25 million, subject to a $25,000 deductible. non-critical flood losses have either a $250,000 or $500,000 deductible, based upon the location of the facility. since certain of our facilities have been designated by our insurer as flood prone, we have elected to purchase policies from the national flood insurance program to cover a substantial portion of the applicable deductible. property insurance for the facilities acquired from cygnet are provided on an all risk basis up to a £180 million limit that includes coverage for real and personal property as well as business interruption losses.
long-lived assets: we review our long-lived assets, including intangible assets, for impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable. the assessment of possible impairment is based on our ability to recover the carrying value of our asset based on our estimate of its undiscounted future cash flow. if the analysis indicates that the carrying value is not recoverable from future cash flows, the asset is written down to its estimated fair value and an impairment loss is recognized. fair values are determined based on estimated future cash flows using appropriate discount rates.
goodwill and intangible assets: goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for impairment at the reporting unit level on an annual basis or sooner if the indicators of impairment arise. our judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators are based on market conditions and operational performance of each reporting unit. we have designated september 1st as our annual impairment assessment date and performed an impairment assessment as of september 1, 2014 which indicated no impairment of goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets. there were also no impairments during 2013 or 2012. future changes in the
50
estimates used to conduct the impairment review, including profitability and market value projections, could indicate impairment in future periods potentially resulting in a write-off of a portion or all of our goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets.
income taxes: deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the amount of taxes payable or deductible in future years as a result of differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements. we believe that future income will enable us to realize our deferred tax assets net of recorded valuation allowances relating to state net operating loss carry-forwards.
we operate in multiple jurisdictions with varying tax laws. we are subject to audits by any of these taxing authorities. our tax returns have been examined by the internal revenue service (“irs”) through the year ended december 31, 2006. we believe that adequate accruals have been provided for federal, foreign and state taxes.
see provision for income taxes and effective tax rates below for discussion of our effective tax rates during each of the last three years.
recent accounting pronouncements: for a summary of recent accounting pronouncements, please see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements accounting standards as included in this report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2014.
51
results of operations the following table summarizes our results of operations, and is used in the discussion below, for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 (dollar amounts in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2014                                             2013                                              2012
amount              % of net                      amount              % of net                      amount              % of net revenues                                          revenues                                          revenues net revenues before provision for doubtful accounts               $8,764,309                                        $8,411,038                                        $7,688,071
less: provision for doubtful accounts                                698,983                                         1,127,216                                           726,671
net revenues                                                       8,065,326                 100.0   %               7,283,822                 100.0   %               6,961,400                 100.0   %
operating charges:
salaries, wages and benefits                                       3,845,461                  47.7   %               3,604,620                  49.5   %               3,440,917                  49.4   %
other operating expenses                                           1,782,981                  22.1   %               1,468,744                  20.2   %               1,376,122                  19.8   %
supplies expense                                                     895,693                  11.1   %                 821,089                  11.3   %                 799,621                  11.5   %
depreciation and amortization                                        375,624                   4.7   %                 337,172                   4.6   %                 302,426                   4.3   %
lease and rental expense                                              93,993                   1.2   %                  97,758                   1.3   %                  94,885                   1.4   %
transaction costs                                                          0                   0.0   %                       0                   0.0   %                   5,716                   0.1   %
electronic health records incentive income                           (27,902   )              -0.3   %                 (61,024   )              -0.8   %                 (30,038   )              -0.4   %
costs related to extinguishment of debt                               36,171                   0.4   %                       0                   0.0   %                  29,170                   0.4   %
subtotal-operating expenses                                        7,002,021                  86.8   %               6,268,359                  86.1   %               6,018,819                  86.5   %
income from operations                                             1,063,305                  13.2   %               1,015,463                  13.9   %                 942,581                  13.5   %
interest expense, net                                                133,638                   1.7   %                 146,131                   2.0   %                 178,918                   2.6   %
income before income taxes                                           929,667                  11.5   %                 869,332                  11.9   %                 763,663                  11.0   %
provision for income taxes                                           324,671                   4.0   %                 315,309                   4.3   %                 274,616                   3.9   %
net income                                                           604,996                   7.5   %                 554,023                   7.6   %                 489,047                   7.0   %
less: income attributable to noncontrolling interests                 59,653                   0.7   %                  43,290                   0.6   %                  45,601                   0.7   %
net income attributable to uhs                                      $545,343                   6.8   %                $510,733                   7.0   %                $443,446                   6.4   %
year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013:
net revenues increased 11% or $782 million to $8.07 billion during 2014 as compared to $7.28 billion during 2013. the increase was primarily attributable to:
•   a $557 million or 8% increase in net revenues generated at our acute care hospitals and behavioral health care facilities owned during both periods (which we refer to as “same facility”), and;

•                    other combined net increase of $225 million consisting primarily of the net revenues generated during 2014 related to acquisitions made during the year including: (i) a commercial health insurer headquartered in reno, nevada; (ii) the 17 behavioral health facilities located in the united kingdom acquired as part of our acquisition of cygnet health care limited, and; (iii) a 124-bed behavioral health care facility and outpatient treatment center located in washington, d.c. also contributing to the increase in net revenues was a full year of net revenues generated during 2014 at temecula valley hospital, a 140-bed, newly constructed acute care facility that was completed and opened during the fourth quarter of 2013.

52
income before income taxes (before deduction for income attributable to noncontrolling interests) increased $60 million to $930 million during 2014 as compared to $869 million during 2013. included in our income before income taxes during 2014, as compared to 2013, was the following:
a.   an increase of $202 million at our acute care facilities as discussed below in acute care hospital services, excluding the ehr impact (as mentioned in f. below) and excluding the change resulting from the reductions to our prior year professional and general liability self-insurance reserves recorded during 2014 and 2013 (as mentioned in c. below);

b.   an increase of $57 million at our behavioral health care facilities, as discussed below in behavioral health services, excluding the change resulting from the reductions to our prior year professional and general liability self-insurance reserves during 2014 and 2013 (as mentioned in c. below);

c.              a net decrease of $61 million resulting from the change in the reductions to our professional and general liability self-insurance reserves recorded during 2014 and 2013 based upon reserve analyses, as discussed above in professional and general liability and workers compensation liability ($20 million reduction recorded during 2014 of which $11 million was applicable to our acute care hospitals and $9 million was applicable to our behavioral health care facilities, as compared to an $81 million reduction recorded during 2013 of which $63 million was applicable to our acute care hospitals and $18 million was applicable to our behavioral health care facilities);

d.                        a decrease of $48 million resulting from a charge incurred in connection with the settlement of the garden city employees’ retirement system v. psychiatric solutions, inc. matter, a shareholder class action lawsuit filed in 2009 against psi and certain of its former officers alleging their violations of federal securities laws. we assumed the defense and liability of this matter as a result of our acquisition of psi in 2010. the charge incurred during
2014 is net of approximately $17 million of commercial insurance recoveries, net of related legal fees, that we were entitled to;

e.    a decrease of $36 million recorded during 2014 in connection with the costs related to extinguishment of debt resulting primarily from the early redemption of our previously outstanding $250 million, 7.00% senior unsecured notes that were scheduled to mature in 2018 and the repayment of $550 million of borrowings pursuant to the terms of our previously outstanding term loan b facility which was scheduled to mature in 2016;

f.   a decrease of $27 million related to the incentive income ($28 million in 2014 and $61 million in 2013), net of related expenses ($37 million in 2014 and $43 million in 2013), recorded during each year in connection with the implementation of ehr applications at our acute care hospitals;

g.   an increase of $10 million due to the pre-tax gain realized during 2014 resulting from the divestiture of a non-operating investment (sold during the first quarter of 2014), and;

h.   $37 million of other combined net decreases.

net income attributable to uhs increased $35 million to $545 million during 2014 as compared to $511 million during 2013. the increase consisted of:
•   an increase of $60 million in income before income taxes, as discussed above;

•   a decrease of $16 million resulting from an increase in the income attributable to noncontrolling interests, and;

•                   a decrease of $9 million resulting from an increase in the provision for income taxes resulting primarily from: (i) the income tax provision on the $44 million increase in pre-tax income ($60 million increase in income before income taxes less the $16 million decrease in income resulting from an increase in the income attributable to noncontrolling interests), partially offset by; (ii) the income tax provision recorded during 2013 on the sale of peak behavioral health services (the tax basis gain realized on the sale in 2013 exceeded the gain recorded pursuant to generally accepted accounting principles), and; (iii) a decrease during 2014, as compared to 2013, to our blended effective state income tax rate.

53
year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2012:
net revenues increased 5% or $322 million to $7.28 billion during 2013 as compared to $6.96 billion during 2012. the increase was primarily attributable to:
•   a $239 million or 4% increase in net revenues generated at our acute care hospitals and behavioral health care facilities owned during both periods, and;

•   other combined net increase of $83 million consisting primarily of the net revenues generated during the first ten months of 2013 at nine behavioral health facilities acquired from ascend health corporation in october,
2012 (the operating results for these facilities for the months of november and december of 2013 and 2012 are included in our behavioral health care facilities-same facility basis results).

income before income taxes (before deduction for income attributable to noncontrolling interests) increased $106 million to $869 million during 2013 as compared to $764 million during 2012. included in our income before income taxes during 2013, as compared to 2012, was the following:
a.   a decrease of $28 million at our acute care facilities as discussed below in acute care hospital services, excluding the impact of the applicable items mentioned in c., d., h., and j., below;

b.   an increase of $57 million at our behavioral health facilities, as discussed below in behavioral health services, excluding the impact of the applicable items mentioned in c., and i., below;

c.                  a net increase of $53 million resulting from reductions recorded during 2013 and 2012 to our professional and general liability self-insurance reserves, as discussed above in professional and general liability and workers compensation liability ($81 million reduction recorded in 2013 of which $63 million was applicable to our acute care hospitals and $18 million was applicable to our behavioral health facilities, and $27 million reduction recorded during
2012 of which $23 million was applicable to our acute care hospitals and $4 million was applicable to our behavioral health facilities);

d.              a decrease of $33 million (net of related expenses) resulting from the pre-tax income recorded during 2012 related to an agreement, which was part of an industry-wide settlement related to underpayments of medicare inpatient prospective payments during a number of prior years, entered into with the united states department of health and human services, the secretary of health and human services, and the centers for medicare and medicaid services;

e.   a decrease of $26 million resulting from a gain realized on the sale of an acute care hospital (auburn regional medical center) which was sold during the fourth quarter of 2012;

f.   an increase of $29 million resulting from the write-off deferred financing costs, during 2012, related to the portion of our previously outstanding term loan b credit facility that was extinguished during the third quarter of 2012;

g.   an increase of $33 million due to a decrease in interest expense resulting primarily from a decrease in our average effective borrowing rate during 2013 as compared to 2012 (as discussed below in interest expense);

h.                 a net aggregate increase of $11 million resulting from the following unfavorable items recorded during 2012: (i) the revised supplemental security income ratios utilized for calculating medicare disproportionate share hospital reimbursements for federal fiscal years 2006 through 2009 ($7 million unfavorable impact), and; (ii) the write-off of receivables related to revenues recorded during 2011 at two of our acute care hospitals located in florida resulting from reductions in certain county reimbursements due to reductions in federal matching inter-governmental transfer funds ($4 million unfavorable impact);

i.   a decrease of $14 million resulting from the 2011 portion, recorded in 2012, of net medicaid supplemental reimbursements earned pursuant to new programs initiated in certain states in which we operate behavioral health facilities, most notably the oklahoma supplemental hospital offset payment program which was approved during 2012, retroactive to july 1, 2011;

54
j.   an increase of $16 million related to the incentive income ($61 million in 2013 and $30 million in 2012), net of related expenses ($43 million in 2013 and $28 million in 2012), recorded during the each year in connection with the implementation of ehr applications at our acute care hospitals, and;

k.   $8 million of other combined net increases.

net income attributable to uhs increased $67 million to $511 million during 2013 as compared to $443 million during 2012. the increase consisted of:
•   an increase of $106 million in income before income taxes, as discussed above;

•   an increase of $2 million resulting from a decrease in the income attributable to noncontrolling interests, and;

•   a decrease of $41 million resulting from an increase in the provision for income taxes resulting primarily from the income tax provision on the $108 million increase in pre-tax income ($106 million increase in income before income taxes plus the $2 million increase in income resulting from a decrease in the income attributable to noncontrolling interests).

acute care hospital services year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013:
acute care hospitals-same facility basis we believe that providing our results on a “same facility” basis, which includes the operating results for facilities owned in both the current year and prior year periods, is helpful to our investors as a measure of our operating performance. our “same facility” results also neutralize the impact of the ehr applications and the effect of items that are non-operational in nature including items such as, but not limited to, gains on sales of assets and businesses, impacts of settlements, legal judgments and lawsuits and other amounts that may be reflected in the current or prior year financial statements that relate to prior periods.
the following table summarizes the results of operations for our acute care facilities on a same facility basis and is used in the discussions below for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 (dollar amounts in thousands):
year ended                                      year ended december 31, 2014                               december 31, 2013
amount                           % of net       amount                           % of net revenues                                        revenues net revenues before provision for doubtful accounts   $4,504,887                                      $4,581,280
less: provision for doubtful accounts                           582,986                                       1,014,455
net revenues                                                  3,921,901                   100.0   %           3,566,825                   100.0   %
operating charges:
salaries, wages and benefits                                  1,684,286                    42.9   %           1,614,276                    45.3   %
other operating expenses                                        799,805                    20.4   %             781,812                    21.9   %
supplies expense                                                698,860                    17.8   %             641,078                    18.0   %
depreciation and amortization                                   200,617                     5.1   %             191,274                     5.4   %
lease and rental expense                                         50,367                     1.3   %              57,384                     1.6   %
subtotal-operating expenses                                   3,433,935                    87.6   %           3,285,824                    92.1   %
income from operations                                          487,966                    12.4   %             281,001                     7.9   %
interest expense, net                                             4,305                     0.1   %               4,501                     0.1   %
income before income taxes                                      483,661                    12.3   %             276,500                     7.8   %
55
on a same facility basis during 2014, as compared to 2013, net revenues at our acute care hospitals increased $355 million or 10%. income before income taxes increased $207 million or 75% to $484 million or 12.3% of net revenues during 2014 as compared to $277 million or 7.8% of net revenues during 2013.
the increased income before income taxes experienced at our acute care facilities during 2014, as compared to 2013, was due in part to improving general economic conditions as well as a decrease in the number of uninsured patients treated at our hospitals. the decrease in the number of uninsured patients treated at our acute care hospitals was due primarily to the favorable impact of the affordable care act which includes the expansion of medicaid in certain states in which we operate and the enrollment of patients in newly created commercial exchanges.
inpatient admissions to these facilities increased 0.6% during 2014, as compared to 2013, while patient days increased 3.9%. adjusted admissions (adjusted for outpatient activity) increased 3.1% and adjusted patient days increased 6.5% during 2014, as compared to 2013. the average length of inpatient stay at these facilities was 4.7 days during 2014 and 4.5 days during 2013. the occupancy rate, based on the average available beds at these facilities, was 58% during 2014 and 56% during 2013. on a same facility basis, net revenue per adjusted admission at these facilities increased 6.6% during 2014, as compared to 2013, and net revenue per adjusted patient day increased 3.3% during 2014, as compared to 2013.
all acute care hospitals the following table summarizes the results of operations for all our acute care operations during 2014 and 2013, which includes our acute care results on a same facility basis, as well as the impact of other items as mentioned below (dollar amounts in thousands).
year ended                                      year ended december 31, 2014                               december 31, 2013
amount                           % of net       amount                           % of net revenues                                        revenues net revenues before provision for doubtful accounts   $4,695,474                                      $4,592,102
less: provision for doubtful accounts                           590,384                                       1,015,733
net revenues                                                  4,105,090                   100.0   %           3,576,369                   100.0   %
operating charges:
salaries, wages and benefits                                  1,728,973                    42.1   %           1,635,428                    45.7   %
other operating expenses                                        920,050                    22.4   %             727,224                    20.3   %
supplies expense                                                709,776                    17.3   %             643,169                    18.0   %
depreciation and amortization                                   253,769                     6.2   %             227,368                     6.4   %
lease and rental expense                                         50,794                     1.2   %              57,512                     1.6   %
electronic health records incentive income                      (27,902   )                -0.7   %             (61,024   )                -1.7   %
subtotal-operating expenses                                   3,635,460                    88.6   %           3,229,677                    90.3   %
income from operations                                          469,630                    11.4   %             346,692                     9.7   %
interest expense, net                                             4,302                     0.1   %               4,501                     0.1   %
income before income taxes                                      465,328                    11.3   %             342,191                     9.6   %
during 2014, as compared to 2013, net revenues at our acute care hospitals increased $529 million or 15% to $4.11 billion due primarily to: (i) a $355 million, or 10%, increase same facility revenues, as discussed above, and; (ii) other combined net increase of $174 million consisting primarily of the net revenues generated during 2014 related to the acquisition of a commercial health insurer headquartered in reno, nevada and a full year of net revenues generated during 2014 at temecula valley hospital, a 140-bed, newly constructed acute care facility that was completed and opened during the fourth quarter of 2013.
56
income before income taxes increased $123 million to $465 million or 11.3% of net revenues during 2014 as compared to $342 million or 9.6% of net revenues during 2013.
included in these results are the following:
•   the $207 million increase in income before income taxes experienced during 2014, as compared to 2013, at our acute care hospitals, on a same facility basis, as discussed above;

•   a net decrease of $52 million net increase resulting from reductions to our professional and general liability self-insurance reserves attributable to our acute care hospitals recorded during 2014 ($11 million) and 2013
($63 million), as discussed above in professional and general liability and workers compensation liability;

•   a net decrease of $27 million related to the incentive income ($28 million in 2014 and $61 million in 2013), net of related expenses ($37 million in 2014 and $43 million in 2013), recorded in connection with the implementation of ehr applications at our acute care hospitals, and;

•   a net other combined decrease of $5 million consisting primarily of the decreased operating losses incurred at a temecula valley hospital, offset by the operating losses incurred at a commercial health insurer acquired during 2014.

uncompensated care (charity care and uninsured discounts):
the following table shows the amounts recorded at our acute care hospitals for charity care and uninsured discounts, based on charges at established rates, for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012:
(dollar amounts in thousands)
2014                                     2013                                     2012
amount %                                 amount %                                  amount %
charity care                         $515,435              45   %             $593,474              59   %              $778,268              74   %
uninsured discounts                   620,587              55   %              405,296              41   %               267,304              26   %
total uncompensated care           $1,136,022             100   %             $998,770             100   %            $1,045,572             100   %
the provision for doubtful accounts at our acute care hospitals decreased to approximately $590 million during 2014 as compared to $1.02 billion during 2013. the decrease in the provision for doubtful accounts during 2014, as compared to 2013, was primarily due to the increase in the uninsured discount (effective january 1, 2014, as discussed above in charity care, uninsured discounts and provision for doubtful accounts), and reclassifications among provision for doubtful accounts and other accounts such as medicaid pending based upon our patients’ ultimate eligibility determination, as discussed above.
the estimated cost of providing uncompensated care:
the estimated cost of providing uncompensated care, as reflected below, were based on a calculation which multiplied the percentage of operating expenses for our acute care hospitals to gross charges for those hospitals by the above-mentioned total uncompensated care amounts. the percentage of cost to gross charges is calculated based on the total operating expenses for our acute care facilities divided by gross patient service revenue for those facilities. an increase in the level of uninsured patients to our facilities and the resulting adverse trends in the provision for doubtful accounts and uncompensated care provided could have a material unfavorable impact on our future operating results.
(amounts in thousands)
2014                     2013                      2012
estimated cost of providing charity care                                 $78,475                   $95,675                  $131,890
estimated cost of providing uninsured discounts related care              94,484                    65,338                    45,299
estimated cost of providing uncompensated care                          $172,959                  $161,013                  $177,189
57
year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2012:
acute care hospitals-same facility basis the following table summarizes the results of operations for our acute care facilities on a same facility basis and is used in the discussions below for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012 (dollar amounts in thousands):
year ended                                      year ended december 31, 2013                               december 31, 2012
amount                           % of net       amount                           % of net revenues                                        revenues net revenues before provision for doubtful accounts   $4,581,280                                      $4,073,147
less: provision for doubtful accounts                         1,014,455                                         635,283
net revenues                                                  3,566,825                   100.0   %           3,437,864                   100.0   %
operating charges:
salaries, wages and benefits                                  1,614,276                    45.3   %           1,546,136                    45.0   %
other operating expenses                                        781,812                    21.9   %             724,480                    21.1   %
supplies expense                                                641,078                    18.0   %             624,950                    18.2   %
depreciation and amortization                                   191,274                     5.4   %             188,243                     5.5   %
lease and rental expense                                         57,384                     1.6   %              58,166                     1.7   %
subtotal-operating expenses                                   3,285,824                    92.1   %           3,141,975                    91.4   %
income from operations                                          281,001                     7.9   %             295,889                     8.6   %
interest expense, net                                             4,501                     0.1   %               4,815                     0.1   %
income before income taxes                                      276,500                     7.8   %             291,074                     8.5   %
on a same facility basis during 2013, as compared to 2012, net revenues at our acute care hospitals increased $129 million or 4%. income before income taxes decreased $15 million or 5% to $277 million or 7.8% of net revenues during 2013 as compared to $291 million or 8.5% of net revenues during 2012.
inpatient admissions to these facilities increased 0.2% during 2013, as compared to 2012, while patient days increased 1.4%. adjusted admissions increased 1.0% and adjusted patient days increased 2.2% during 2013, as compared to 2012. the average length of inpatient stay at these facilities was 4.5 days during each of 2013 and 2012. the occupancy rate, based on the average available beds at these facilities, was 56% during each of 2013 and 2012. on a same facility basis, net revenue per adjusted admission at these facilities increased 2.7% during 2013, as compared to 2012, and net revenue per adjusted patient day increased 1.5% during 2013, as compared to 2012.
58
all acute care hospitals the following table summarizes the results of operations for all our acute care operations during 2013 and 2012, which includes our acute care results on a same facility basis, as well as the impact of other items as mentioned below (dollar amounts in thousands).
year ended                                      year ended december 31, 2013                               december 31, 2012
amount                           % of net       amount                           % of net revenues                                        revenues net revenues before provision for doubtful accounts   $4,592,102                                      $4,096,699
less: provision for doubtful accounts                         1,015,733                                         635,283
net revenues                                                  3,576,369                   100.0   %           3,461,416                   100.0   %
operating charges:
salaries, wages and benefits                                  1,635,428                    45.7   %           1,560,468                    45.1   %
other operating expenses                                        727,224                    20.3   %             704,108                    20.3   %
supplies expense                                                643,169                    18.0   %             624,955                    18.1   %
depreciation and amortization                                   227,368                     6.4   %             201,536                     5.8   %
lease and rental expense                                         57,512                     1.6   %              58,187                     1.7   %
electronic health records incentive income                      (61,024   )                -1.7   %             (30,038   )                -0.9   %
subtotal-operating expenses                                   3,229,677                    90.3   %           3,119,216                    90.1   %
income from operations                                          346,692                     9.7   %             342,200                     9.9   %
interest expense, net                                             4,501                     0.1   %               4,815                     0.1   %
income before income taxes                                      342,191                     9.6   %             337,385                     9.7   %
during 2013, as compared to 2012, net revenues at our acute care hospitals increased $115 million or 3% to $3.58 billion due primarily to an increase in same facility revenues, as discussed above.
income before income taxes increased $5 million to $342 million or 9.6% of net revenues during 2013 as compared to $337 million or 9.7% of net revenues during 2012.
included in these results are the following:
•   the $15 million decrease in income before income taxes experienced during 2013, as compared to 2012, at our acute care hospitals, on a same facility basis, as discussed above;

•   a $40 million net increase resulting from reductions to our professional and general liability self-insurance reserves attributable to our acute care hospitals recorded during 2013 ($63 million) and 2012 ($23 million), as discussed above in professional and general liability and workers compensation liability;

•   a decrease of $33 million (net of related expenses) resulting from the pre-tax income recorded during 2012 related to an agreement with the united states department of health and human services, the secretary of health and human services, and the centers for medicare and medicaid services;

•                   a net aggregate increase of $11 million resulting from the following unfavorable items which were recorded during 2012: (i) the revised supplemental security income ratios utilized for calculating medicare disproportionate share hospital reimbursements for federal fiscal years 2006 through 2009 ($7 million unfavorable impact), and; (ii) the write-off of receivables related to revenues recorded during 2011 at two of our acute care hospitals located in florida resulting from reductions in certain county reimbursements due to reductions in federal matching inter-governmental transfer funds ($4 million unfavorable impact);

•   a net increase of $16 million related to the incentive income ($61 million in 2013 and $30 million in 2012), net of related expenses ($43 million in 2013 and $28 million in 2012), recorded in connection with the implementation of ehr applications at our acute care hospitals, and;

59
•   a net other combined decrease of $14 million consisting primarily of the operating losses incurred at a temecula valley hospital that was completed and opened in october of 2013.

behavioral health care services year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013
behavioral health care facilities-same facility basis the following table summarizes the results of operations for our behavioral health care facilities, on a same facility basis, and is used in the discussions below for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 (dollar amounts in thousands):
year ended                                      year ended december 31, 2014                               december 31, 2013
amount                           % of net       amount                           % of net revenues                                        revenues net revenues before provision for doubtful accounts   $3,962,209                                      $3,764,435
less: provision for doubtful accounts                           107,498                                         111,308
net revenues                                                  3,854,711                   100.0   %           3,653,127                   100.0   %
operating charges:
salaries, wages and benefits                                  1,863,978                    48.4   %           1,785,006                    48.9   %
other operating expenses                                        731,173                    19.0   %             669,587                    18.3   %
supplies expense                                                178,810                     4.6   %             172,638                     4.7   %
depreciation and amortization                                   109,479                     2.8   %             100,360                     2.7   %
lease and rental expense                                         40,273                     1.0   %              38,182                     1.0   %
subtotal-operating expenses                                   2,923,713                    75.8   %           2,765,773                    75.7   %
income from operations                                          930,998                    24.2   %             887,354                    24.3   %
interest expense, net                                 724                                   0.0   %               2,079                     0.1   %
income before income taxes                                      930,274                    24.1   %             885,275                    24.2   %
on a same facility basis during 2014, as compared to 2013, net revenues at our behavioral health care facilities increased $202 million or 6% to $3.85 billion during 2014 as compared to $3.65 billion during 2013. income before income taxes increased $45 million or 5% to $930 million or 24.1% of net revenues during 2014 as compared to $885 million or 24.2% of net revenues during 2013.
inpatient admissions and adjusted admissions to these facilities each increased 4.7% during 2014, as compared to 2013, while patient days and adjusted patient days each increased 1.7%. the average length of patient stay at these facilities was 12.7 days during 2014 and 13.1 days during 2013. the occupancy rate, based on the average available beds at these facilities, was 75% during each of 2014 and 2013. on a same facility basis, net revenue per adjusted admission at these facilities decreased 0.3% during 2014, as compared to 2013, and net revenue per adjusted patient day increased 2.7% during 2014, as compared to 2013.
60
all behavioral health care facilities the following table summarizes the results of operations for all our behavioral health care facilities during 2014 and 2013 which includes our behavioral health results on a same facility basis, as well as the impact of the facilities acquired or opened within the previous twelve months and the impact of the other items as mentioned below (dollar amounts in thousands):
year ended                                      year ended december 31, 2014                               december 31, 2013
amount                           % of net       amount                           % of net revenues                                        revenues net revenues before provision for doubtful accounts   $4,054,437                                      $3,779,237
less: provision for doubtful accounts                           108,970                                         111,270
net revenues                                                  3,945,467                   100.0   %           3,667,967                   100.0   %
operating charges:
salaries, wages and benefits                                  1,917,927                    48.6   %           1,799,589                    49.1   %
other operating expenses                                        742,145                    18.8   %             654,937                    17.9   %
supplies expense                                                182,673                     4.6   %             173,932                     4.7   %
depreciation and amortization                                   114,599                     2.9   %             102,469                     2.8   %
lease and rental expense                                         42,138                     1.1   %              39,092                     1.1   %
subtotal-operating expenses                                   2,999,482                    76.0   %           2,770,019                    75.5   %
income from operations                                          945,985                    24.0   %             897,948                    24.5   %
interest expense, net                                             1,917                     0.0   %               2,079                     0.1   %
income before income taxes                                      944,068                    23.9   %             895,869                    24.4   %
during 2014, as compared to 2013, net revenues at our behavioral health care facilities increased 8% or $278 million to $3.95 billion during 2014 as compared to $3.67 billion during 2013. the increase in net revenues was attributable to:
•   a $202 million or 6% increase in same facility revenues, as discussed above;

•   a $65 million increase related to 2014 acquisitions including the following: (i) the 17 behavioral health facilities located in the united kingdom acquired as part of our acquisition of cygnet health care limited, and; (ii) a 124-bed behavioral health care facility and outpatient treatment center located in washington, d.c, and;

•   $11 million of other combined increases.

income before income taxes increased $48 million or 5% to $944 million or 23.9% of net revenues during 2014 as compared to $896 million or 24.4% of net revenues during 2013. the increase in income before income taxes at our behavioral health facilities was attributable to:
•   a $45 million increase at our behavioral health facilities on a same facility basis, as discussed above;

•   an $11 million increase related to the acquisition of the facilities from cygnet health care limited and the 124-bed behavioral health care facility and outpatient treatment center located in washington, d.c.;

•   a $9 million net decrease resulting from reductions to our professional and general liability self-insurance reserves applicable to our behavioral health facilities recorded during 2014 ($9 million) and 2013 ($18
million), as discussed above in professional and general liability and workers compensation liability, and;

•   a $1 million other combined net increase.

61
year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2012
behavioral health care facilities-same facility basis the following table summarizes the results of operations for our behavioral health care facilities, on a same facility basis, and is used in the discussions below for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012 (dollar amounts in thousands):
year ended                                        year ended december 31, 2013                                 december 31, 2012
% of net                                          % of net revenues                                          revenues amount                                   amount net revenues before provision for doubtful accounts   $3,612,023                                        $3,488,872
less: provision for doubtful accounts                           104,069                                            90,574
net revenues                                                  3,507,954                   100.0   %             3,398,298                   100.0   %
operating charges:
salaries, wages and benefits                                  1,714,109                    48.9   %             1,685,266                    49.6   %
other operating expenses                                        641,473                    18.3   %               601,442                    17.7   %
supplies expense                                                165,675                     4.7   %               167,065                     4.9   %
depreciation and amortization                                    96,934                     2.8   %                91,886                     2.7   %
lease and rental expense                                         33,693                     1.0   %                32,507                     1.0   %
subtotal-operating expenses                                   2,651,884                    75.6   %             2,578,166                    75.9   %
income from operations                                          856,070                    24.4   %               820,132                    24.1   %
interest expense, net                                             2,079                     0.1   %                 1,816                     0.1   %
income before income taxes                                      853,991                    24.3   %               818,316                    24.1   %
on a same facility basis during 2013, as compared to 2012, net revenues at our behavioral health care facilities increased $110 million or 3% to $3.51 billion during 2013 as compared to $3.40 billion during 2012. income before income taxes increased $36 million or 4% to $854 million or 24.3% of net revenues during 2013 as compared to $818 million or 24.1% of net revenues during 2012.
inpatient admissions to these facilities increased 3.2% during 2013, as compared to 2012, while patient days increased 0.7%. adjusted admissions increased 3.5% and adjusted patient days increased 1.0% during 2013, as compared to 2012. the average length of patient stay at these facilities was 13.4 days during 2013 and 13.7 days during 2012. the occupancy rate, based on the average available beds at these facilities, was 75% during 2013 and 74% during 2012. on a same facility basis, net revenue per adjusted admission at these facilities decreased 0.3% during 2013, as compared to 2012, and net revenue per adjusted patient day increased 2.2% during 2013, as compared to 2012.
62
all behavioral health care facilities the following table summarizes the results of operations for all our behavioral health care facilities for 2013 and 2012, including, for the period of january through october of 2013, the nine facilities acquired in october, 2012 from ascend health corporation (the operating results for these facilities for november and december of 2013 and 2012 are included in the same facility results discussed above), as well as the impact of other items as mentioned below (dollar amounts in thousands):
year ended                                        year ended december 31, 2013                                 december 31, 2012
% of net                                          % of net revenues                                          revenues amount                                   amount net revenues before provision for doubtful accounts   $3,779,237                                        $3,551,511
less: provision for doubtful accounts                           111,270                                            91,370
net revenues                                                  3,667,967                   100.0   %             3,460,141                   100.0   %
operating charges:
salaries, wages and benefits                                  1,799,589                    49.1   %             1,717,751                    49.6   %
other operating expenses                                        654,937                    17.9   %               603,700                    17.4   %
supplies expense                                                173,932                     4.7   %               169,552                     4.9   %
depreciation and amortization                                   102,469                     2.8   %                94,049                     2.7   %
lease and rental expense                                         39,092                     1.1   %                34,569                     1.0   %
subtotal-operating expenses                                   2,770,019                    75.5   %             2,619,621                    75.7   %
income from operations                                          897,948                    24.5   %               840,520                    24.3   %
interest expense, net                                             2,079                     0.1   %                 1,917                     0.1   %
income before income taxes                                      895,869                    24.4   %               838,603                    24.2   %
during 2013, as compared to 2012, net revenues at our behavioral health care facilities increased 6% or $208 million to $3.67 billion during 2013 as compared to $3.46 billion during 2012. the increase in net revenues was attributable to:
•   a $110 million increase in same facility revenues, as discussed above;

•   a $137 million increase related to the 9 facilities acquired from ascend health corporation in october, 2012 (consisting of the net revenues generated at the facilities during january through october of 2013, offset by the net revenues generated at the facilities during the partial month of october, 2012);

•   a $14 million decrease due to the revenues recorded during 2012 representing the 2011 portion of the net medicaid supplemental reimbursements earned pursuant to the oklahoma supplemental hospital offset payment program as well as similar programs in ohio and indiana, and;

•   $25 million of other combined decreases resulting primarily from the divestiture, closure or operational wind-down of certain non-strategic behavioral health facilities/schools.

income before income taxes increased $57 million or 7% to $896 million or 24.4% of net revenues during 2013, as compared to $839 million or 24.2% of net revenues during 2012. the increase in income before income taxes at our behavioral health facilities was attributable to:
•   a $36 million increase at our behavioral health facilities on a same facility basis, as discussed above;

•   a $14 million decrease resulting from the revenues recorded during 2012 representing the 2011 portion of the net medicaid supplemental reimbursements earned pursuant to the oklahoma supplemental hospital offset payment program as well as similar programs in ohio and indiana;

63
•   a $14 million net favorable increase resulting from reductions to our professional and general liability self-insurance reserves applicable to our behavioral health facilities recorded during 2013 ($18 million) and 2012
($4 million), as discussed above in professional and general liability and workers compensation liability, and;

•   a $21 million of other combined net increases, including the income generated at the nine facilities acquired from ascend health corporation in october, 2012.

sources of revenue overview: we receive payments for services rendered from private insurers, including managed care plans, the federal government under the medicare program, state governments under their respective medicaid programs and directly from patients.
hospital revenues depend upon inpatient occupancy levels, the medical and ancillary services and therapy programs ordered by physicians and provided to patients, the volume of outpatient procedures and the charges or negotiated payment rates for such services. charges and reimbursement rates for inpatient routine services vary depending on the type of services provided (e.g., medical/surgical, intensive care or behavioral health) and the geographic location of the hospital. inpatient occupancy levels fluctuate for various reasons, many of which are beyond our control. the percentage of patient service revenue attributable to outpatient services has generally increased in recent years, primarily as a result of advances in medical technology that allow more services to be provided on an outpatient basis, as well as increased pressure from medicare, medicaid and private insurers to reduce hospital stays and provide services, where possible, on a less expensive outpatient basis. we believe that our experience with respect to our increased outpatient levels mirrors the general trend occurring in the health care industry and we are unable to predict the rate of growth and resulting impact on our future revenues.
patients are generally not responsible for any difference between customary hospital charges and amounts reimbursed for such services under medicare, medicaid, some private insurance plans, and managed care plans, but are responsible for services not covered by such plans, exclusions, deductibles or co-insurance features of their coverage. the amount of such exclusions, deductibles and co-insurance has generally been increasing each year. indications from recent federal and state legislation are that this trend will continue. collection of amounts due from individuals is typically more difficult than from governmental or business payers which unfavorably impacts the collectability of our patient accounts.
the following tables show the approximate percentages of net patient revenue during the past three years (excludes sources of revenues for all periods presented for divested facilities which are reflected as discontinued operations in our consolidated financial statements) for: (i) our acute care and behavioral health care facilities combined; (ii) our acute care facilities, and; (iii) our behavioral health care facilities. net patient revenue is defined as revenue from all sources after deducting contractual allowances and discounts from established billing rates, which we derived from various sources of payment for the years indicated.
percentage of net patient revenues acute care and behavioral health care facilities combined   2014            2013            2012
third party payors:
medicare                                                           21   %          23   %          24   %
medicaid                                                           15   %          15   %          15   %
managed care (hmo and ppos)                                        50   %          49   %          49   %
other sources                                                      14   %          13   %          12   %
total                                                             100   %         100   %         100   %
64
percentage of net patient revenues acute care facilities         2014            2013            2012
third party payors:
medicare                             24   %          27   %          28   %
medicaid                              8   %           8   %           7   %
managed care (hmo and ppos)          61   %          59   %          58   %
other sources                         7   %           6   %           7   %
total                               100   %         100   %         100   %
percentage of net patient revenues behavioral health care facilities   2014            2013            2012
third party payors:
medicare                                   18   %          19   %          19   %
medicaid                                   22   %          22   %          23   %
managed care (hmo and ppos)                39   %          40   %          40   %
other sources                              21   %          19   %          18   %
total                                     100   %         100   %         100   %
medicare: medicare is a federal program that provides certain hospital and medical insurance benefits to persons aged 65 and over, some disabled persons and persons with end-stage renal disease. all of our acute care hospitals and many of our behavioral health centers are certified as providers of medicare services by the appropriate governmental authorities. amounts received under the medicare program are generally significantly less than a hospital’s customary charges for services provided. since a substantial portion of our revenues will come from patients under the medicare program, our ability to operate our business successfully in the future will depend in large measure on our ability to adapt to changes in this program.
under the medicare program, for inpatient services, our general acute care hospitals receive reimbursement under the inpatient prospective payment system (“ipps”). under the ipps, hospitals are paid a predetermined fixed payment amount for each hospital discharge. the fixed payment amount is based upon each patient’s medicare severity diagnosis related group (“ms-drg”). every ms-drg is assigned a payment rate based upon the estimated intensity of hospital resources necessary to treat the average patient with that particular diagnosis. the ms-drg payment rates are based upon historical national average costs and do not consider the actual costs incurred by a hospital in providing care. this ms-drg assignment also affects the predetermined capital rate paid with each ms-drg. the ms-drg and capital payment rates are adjusted annually by the predetermined geographic adjustment factor for the geographic region in which a particular hospital is located and are weighted based upon a statistically normal distribution of severity. while we generally will not receive payment from medicare for inpatient services, other than the ms-drg payment, a hospital may qualify for an “outlier” payment if a particular patient’s treatment costs are extraordinarily high and exceed a specified threshold.
ms-drg rates are adjusted by an update factor each federal fiscal year, which begins on october 1. the index used to adjust the ms-drg rates, known as the “hospital market basket index,” gives consideration to the inflation experienced by hospitals in purchasing goods and services. generally, however, the percentage increases in the ms-drg payments have been lower than the projected increase in the cost of goods and services purchased by hospitals.
in august, 2014, cms published its ipps 2015 payment rule which provides for a 2.9% market basket increase to the base medicare ms-drg blended rate. when statutorily mandated budget neutrality factors, annual geographic wage index updates, documenting and coding adjustments and health care reform mandated adjustments are considered, without consideration for the decreases related to the required medicare disproportionate share hospital (“dsh”) payment changes and increase to the medicare outlier threshold, the
65
overall increase in ipps payments would approximate 0.6%. including the estimated decreases to our dsh payments (–1.9%) and medicare outlier threshold (–0.6%), we estimate our overall decrease from the ipps 2015 rule (covering the period of october 1, 2014 through september 30, 2015) will approximate (–1.9%), or approximately $13 million annually. this projected impact from the ipps 2015 rule includes both the impact of the american taxpayer relief act of 2012 documentation and coding adjustment and the required changes to the dsh payments related to the traditional medicare fee for service, however, it excludes the impact of the sequestration reductions related to the budget control act of 2011, as discussed below.
in august, 2013, cms published its final ipps 2014 payment rule which provides for a 2.5% market basket increase to the base medicare ms-drg blended rate. when statutorily mandated budget neutrality factors, annual geographic wage index updates, documenting and coding adjustments and health care reform mandated adjustments are considered, we estimate our overall increase from the final federal fiscal year 2014 rule (covering the period of october 1, 2013 through september 30, 2014) approximated 1.0%. this projected impact from the ipps 2014 final rule includes both the impact of the atra of 2012 documentation and coding adjustment and the required changes to the medicare disproportionate share hospital payments related to the traditional medicare fee for service, however, it excludes the impact of the sequestration reductions related to the budget control act of 2011, as discussed below. the final rule also expands cms’s policy under which it defines inpatient admissions to include the use of an objective time of care standard. specifically, it would require medicare’s external review contractors to presume that hospital inpatient admissions are reasonable and necessary when beneficiaries receive a physician order for admission and receive medically necessary services for at least two midnights (the “two midnight” rule). correspondingly, under the final rule, cms presumes that hospital services spanning less than two midnights should have been provided on an outpatient basis and paid under medicare part b unless the medical record contains clear documentation supporting the physician’s order and an expectation that the medicare beneficiary would need medically necessary care for more than two midnights, or is receiving services which cms designates as inpatient only. our acute care hospitals have begun to comply with the two midnight rule and, although we are unable to determine the ultimate impact at this time, its application could have a material unfavorable impact on our future results of operations. excluding the potential impact of the two midnight rule, we do not expect the final ipps 2014 payment rule to have a material impact on our future results of operations. in february, 2014, cms extended by an additional six months a policy under which recovery auditor contractors and other medicare review contractors will not conduct post-payment patient status reviews of inpatient hospital claims with dates of admission on or after october 1, 2013 through september 30, 2014. due to the continued delay in awarding contracts to new recovery audit contractors, beginning in august, 2014, cms initiated modifications to the current recovery auditor contractor agreements to allow the restart of some reviews.
in august, 2012, cms published its final ipps 2013 payment rule which provided for a 2.6% market basket increase to the base medicare ms-drg blended rate. when statutorily mandated budget neutrality factors, annual geographic wage index updates, documenting and coding adjustments and health care reform mandated adjustments are considered, we estimate our overall increase from the final federal fiscal year 2013 rule (covering the period of october 1, 2012 through september 30, 2013) approximated 1.8%. the impact from the ipps 2013 final rule reflects all of the adjustments described in this paragraph, however, it excludes the impact of potential reductions related to the budget control act of 2011, as discussed below.
in august, 2011, the budget control act of 2011 (the “2011 act”) was enacted into law. included in this law are the imposition of annual spending limits for most federal agencies and programs aimed at reducing budget deficits by $917 billion between 2012 and 2021, according to a report released by the congressional budget office. among its other provisions, the law established a bipartisan congressional committee, known as the joint committee, which was responsible for developing recommendations aimed at reducing future federal budget deficits by an additional $1.5 trillion over 10 years. the joint committee was unable to reach an agreement by the november 23, 2011 deadline and, as a result, across-the-board cuts to discretionary, national defense and medicare spending were implemented on march 1, 2013 resulting in medicare payment reductions of up to 2% per fiscal year (approximately $35 million annual reduction to our medicare net revenues effective as of april 1, 2013) with a uniform percentage reduction across all medicare programs.
66
on january 2, 2013 atra was enacted which, among other things, includes a requirement for cms to recoup $11 billion from hospitals from medicare ipps rates during federal fiscal years 2014 to 2017. the recoupment relates to ipps documentation and coding adjustments for the period 2008 to 2013 for which adjustments were not previously applied by cms. both the 2014 and 2015 ipps final rules include a -0.8% recoupment adjustment. cms expects to make similar adjustments in federal fiscal years 2016 and 2017 in order to recover the entire $11 billion. this adjustment is reflected in the 2014 and 2015 ipps estimated impact amounts noted above.
on january 1, 2005, cms implemented a new psychiatric prospective payment system (“psych pps”) for inpatient services furnished by psychiatric hospitals under the medicare program. this system replaced the cost-based reimbursement guidelines with a per diem psych pps with adjustments to account for certain facility and patient characteristics. the psych pps also contained provisions for outlier payments and an adjustment to a psychiatric hospital’s base payment if it maintains a full-service emergency department. in august, 2012, cms published its final psych pps rate notice for the federal fiscal year beginning october 1, 2012. that final notice contained a psych pps market basket update of 2.7%, which was reduced by 0.7% to reflect a productivity adjustment, and reduced by 0.1% to reflect an “other adjustment” required by the social security act for rate years 2010 through 2019. in july, 2013, cms released its final psych pps rate notice for the federal fiscal year 2014. the final notice contains a psych pps market basket update of 2.6% which is reduced by 0.5% to reflect a productivity adjustment, and reduced by 0.1% to reflect an “other adjustment” required by the social security act.
on july 31, 2014, cms published it psych pps final rule for the federal fiscal year 2015. under this final rule, payments to psychiatric hospitals and units are estimated to increase by 2.1% compared to federal fiscal year 2014. this amount includes the effect of the 2.9% market basket update adjusted by the affordable care act required 0.3% reduction and the -0.5% productivity adjustment. the final rule also updates the inpatient psychiatric quality reporting program, which requires psychiatric facilities to report on quality measures or incur a reduction in their annual payment update.
in october, 2014, cms published its medicare outpatient prospective payment system (“opps”) final rule for 2015. the proposed hospital market basket increase is 2.9%. the medicare statute requires a productivity adjustment reduction of 0.5% and 0.2% reduction to the 2015 opps market basket resulting in a 2015 opps market basket update at 2.2%. in the final rule, cms will reduce the 2015 medicare rates for both hospital-based and community mental health center partial hospitalization programs. when other statutorily required adjustments, hospital patient service mix and the aforementioned partial hospitalization rates are considered, we estimate that our overall medicare opps for 2015 will aggregate to a net increase of 0.2%. excluding the behavioral health division partial hospitalization rate impact, our medicare opps payment increase for 2015 is estimated to be 1.5%.
in december, 2013, cms published its annual final opps rule for 2014. the final hospital market basket increase is 2.5%. the medicare statute requires a productivity adjustment reduction of 0.5% and 0.3% reduction to the 2014 opps market basket reducing the final 2014 opps market basket update to 1.7%. in the final rule, cms reduced the 2014 medicare rates for both hospital-based and community mental health center partial hospitalization programs. when other statutorily required adjustments, hospital patient service mix and the aforementioned partial hospitalization rates are considered, we estimate that our overall medicare opps for 2014 will aggregate to a net increase of 1.4%. excluding the behavioral health partial hospitalization rate impact, our medicare opps payment increase for 2014 is estimated to be 2.5%.
in november, 2012, cms published its annual final medicare opps rule for 2013. the market basket increase to the opps base rate is 2.6%. in addition, as outlined in the sources of revenues and health care reform discussion below, cms was also required by federal law to reduce the update factor by 0.1% in federal fiscal year 2013 and to reduce the annual update by a productivity adjustment which is 0.7%. in the final rule, cms implemented a significant increase in the 2013 medicare rates for both hospital-based and community mental health center partial hospitalization programs. when other statutorily required adjustments, hospital
67
patient service mix and the aforementioned partial hospitalization rates are considered, our overall medicare opps payment increase for 2013 is estimated to be 3.5%. excluding the behavioral health division partial hospitalization rate impact, our medicare opps payment increase for 2013 was approximately 1.7%.
medicaid: medicaid is a joint federal-state funded health care benefit program that is administered by the states to provide benefits to qualifying individuals who are unable to afford care. most state medicaid payments are made under a pps-like system, or under programs that negotiate payment levels with individual hospitals. amounts received under the medicaid program are generally significantly less than a hospital’s customary charges for services provided. in addition to revenues received pursuant to the medicare program, we receive a large portion of our revenues either directly from medicaid programs or from managed care companies managing medicaid. all of our acute care hospitals and most of our behavioral health centers are certified as providers of medicaid services by the appropriate governmental authorities.
we receive medicaid revenues in excess of $90 million annually from each of texas, washington, d.c., pennsylvania, california, illinois, nevada, virginia and florida, making us particularly sensitive to reductions in medicaid and other state based revenue programs as well as regulatory, economic, environmental and competitive changes in those states. based upon the state budgets for those states for the 2015 fiscal year (which generally began at various times during the second half of 2014), we estimate that, on a blended basis, our aggregate medicaid rates were relatively unchanged from the 2014 fiscal year rates.
the affordable care act substantially increases the federally and state-funded medicaid insurance program, and authorizes states to establish federally subsidized non-medicaid health plans for low-income residents not eligible for medicaid starting in 2014. however, the supreme court has struck down portions of the affordable care act requiring states to expand their medicaid programs in exchange for increased federal funding. accordingly, there can be no assurance that states in which we operate will expand medicaid coverage to individuals at 133% of the federal poverty level. facilities in states not opting to expand medicaid coverage under the affordable care act may be additionally penalized by corresponding reductions to medicaid disproportionate share hospital payments, as discussed below. we can provide no assurance that further reductions to medicaid revenues, particularly in the above-mentioned states, will not have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations.
texas uncompensated care/upper payment limit payments:
certain of our acute care hospitals located in various counties of texas (hidalgo, maverick, potter and webb) participate in medicaid supplemental payment section 1115 waiver indigent care programs. section 1115 waiver uncompensated care (“uc”) payments replace the former upper payment limit (“upl”) payments. these hospitals also have affiliation agreements with third-party hospitals to provide free hospital and physician care to qualifying indigent residents of these counties. our hospitals receive both supplemental payments from the medicaid program and indigent care payments from third-party, affiliated hospitals. the supplemental payments are contingent on the county or hospital district making an inter-governmental transfer (“igt”) to the state medicaid program while the indigent care payment is contingent on a transfer of funds from the applicable affiliated hospitals. however, the county or hospital district is prohibited from entering into an agreement to condition any igt on the amount of any private hospital’s indigent care obligation. we recorded net revenues/benefit from upl and affiliated hospital indigent care revenues of $68 million during 2014, $61 million during 2013 and $25 million during 2012, net of provider taxes (of $17 million in 2014, $10 million in 2013 and $0 in 2012). if the applicable hospital district or county makes igts consistent with 2014 levels, and without giving effect to potential reductions resulting from the february, 2015, thhsc proposed rule, which is discussed below, we believe we would be entitled to aggregate net revenues/benefit earned pursuant to these programs of approximately $58 million during 2015, net of provider taxes (of $11 million). on february 6, 2015, thhsc published a proposed rule that would shift $136 million in funding from the private hospital uc pool to the large public hospital uc pool for the 2014 uc program year only. thhsc has not provided an estimated impact from this proposed shift due to the fact that certain uc data elements are not yet available. as such, we are unable to estimate the impact of this proposed rule change.
68
on september 30, 2014, cms notified the texas health and human services commission that it was deferring the federal matching funds (approximately $75 million) on texas medicaid uc payments made to providers in certain counties. a deferral results in cms withholding funds from the state representing the federal portion of medicaid payments the state has previously made to providers. a deferral goes into effect when cms questions the basis for all or part of the amount of medicaid payments made to certain providers, and remains in place subject to cms’s final determination. our texas hospitals are not located in the geographic areas impacted by this deferral. on january 7, 2015, cms removed the aforementioned deferral but indicated they will continue their review and assessment of the underlying uc financing arrangements as to ensure their compliance with the applicable federal regulations and eligibility for federal matching dollars.
for state fiscal year 2015, texas medicaid will continue to operate under a cms-approved section 1115 five-year medicaid waiver demonstration program. during the first five years of this program that started in state fiscal year 2012, the texas health and human services commission (“thhsc”) transitioned away from upl payments to new waiver incentive payment programs, uc payments and delivery system reform incentive payments (“dsrip”). during the first year of transition, which commenced on october 1, 2011, thhsc made payments to medicaid upl recipient providers that received payments during the state’s prior fiscal year. during demonstration years two through five (october 1, 2012 through september 30, 2016), thhsc has, and will continue to, make incentive payments under the program after certain qualifying criteria are met by hospitals. supplemental payments are also subject to an aggregate statewide caps based on cms approved medicaid waiver amounts.
texas delivery system reform incentive payments:
in addition, the texas medicaid section 1115 waiver includes a dsrip pool to incentivize hospitals and other providers to transform their service delivery practices to improve quality, health status, patient experience, coordination, and cost-effectiveness. dsrip pool payments are incentive payments to hospitals and other providers that develop programs or strategies to enhance access to health care, increase the quality of care, the cost-effectiveness of care provided and the health of the patients and families served. in may, 2014, cms formally approved specific dsrip projects for certain of our hospitals for demonstration years 3 to 5 (our facilities did not materially participate in the dsrip pool during demonstration years 1 or 2). dsrip payments are contingent on the hospital meeting certain pre-determined milestones, metrics and clinical outcomes. additionally, dsrip payments are contingent on a governmental entity providing an igt for the non-federal share component of the dsrip payment. thhsc generally approves dsrip reported metrics, milestones and clinical outcomes on a semi-annual basis in june and december. in connection with the dsrip program and thhsc’s approval for specific programs at certain of our hospitals and availability of a governmental igt, we recorded approximately $17 million of net revenues/benefit during 2014 applicable to the period of october 1, 2013 through september 30, 2014, net of provider taxes (of $8 million). although we can provide no assurance that we will ultimately qualify for additional dsrip revenues, subject to cms’s approval and other conditions as outlined above, we estimate that we may be entitled to additional dsrip net revenues/benefit of approximately $25 million during 2015, net of provider taxes (of $15 million).
texas and south carolina medicaid disproportionate share hospital payments:
hospitals that have an unusually large number of low-income patients (i.e., those with a medicaid utilization rate of at least one standard deviation above the mean medicaid utilization, or having a low income patient utilization rate exceeding 25%) are eligible to receive a disproportionate share hospital (“dsh”) adjustment. congress established a national limit on dsh adjustments. although this legislation and the resulting state broad-based provider taxes have affected the payments we receive under the medicaid program, to date the net impact has not been materially adverse.
upon meeting certain conditions and serving a disproportionately high share of texas’ and south carolina’s low income patients, five of our facilities located in texas and one facility located in south carolina received additional reimbursement from each state’s dsh fund. the south carolina and texas dsh programs were renewed for each state’s 2014 dsh fiscal year (covering the period of october 1, 2013 through september 30,
69
2014). in september, 2013, the thhsc published its 2013 final dsh rule that included changes that resulted in approximately $9 million of additional reimbursements to our acute care facilities located in texas applicable to the state’s 2013 fiscal year (which were included in our 2013 pre-tax consolidated financial results). in connection with these dsh programs, included in our financial results was an aggregate of $49 million during 2014, $54 million during 2013 and $47 million during 2012. assuming that the texas and south carolina programs are renewed for each state’s 2015 and 2016 fiscal years, at amounts similar to the 2014 fiscal year estimates, we estimate our aggregate reimbursements pursuant to these programs to be approximately $49 million during 2015.
the affordable care act provides for a significant reduction in medicaid disproportionate share payments beginning in federal fiscal year 2016 (see below in sources of revenues and health care reform-medicaid revisions for additional disclosure). the u.s. department of health and human services is to determine the amount of medicaid dsh payment cuts imposed on each state based on a defined methodology. as medicaid dsh payments to states will be cut, consequently, payments to medicaid-participating providers, including our hospitals in texas and south carolina, will likely be reduced in the coming years. based on the september, 2013 cms final rule, our medicaid dsh payments in texas and south carolina could be reduced by approximately 4% in the 2016 federal fiscal year. this statutorily required reduction was originally scheduled to be implemented in federal fiscal year 2014 but was delayed to ffy 2017 by subsequent federal legislation.
in may, 2013 the state of texas enacted legislation that would increase the state’s contribution of the non-federal dsh share for the 2013 dsh year to $138 million as compared to the $100 million previously expected. similarly, the state’s approved 2014-2015 general appropriations bill (“rider 86”) passed in may, 2013 authorized $160 million for 2014 and $140 million for 2015, respectively, for the non-federal dsh share. furthermore, in june, 2014, thhsc proposed certain changes to dsh reimbursement methodology as a result of rider 86. we expect the 2015 dsh year amounts, to be comparable to the 2014 dsh year amounts.
various other state medicaid supplemental payment programs:
we incur health-care related taxes (“provider taxes”) imposed by states in the form of a licensing fee, assessment or other mandatory payment which are related to: (i) healthcare items or services; (ii) the provision of, or the authority to provide, the health care items of services, or; (iii) the payment for the health care items or services. such provider taxes are subject to various federal regulations that limit the scope and amount of the taxes that can be levied by states in order to secure federal matching funds as part of their respective state medicaid programs. we derive a related medicaid reimbursement benefit from assessed provider taxes in the form of medicaid claims based payment increases and/or lump sum medicaid supplemental payments. including the impact of the programs in various states applicable to each year, and excluding the impact of various programs in texas, as discussed above, and the nevada spa, as discussed below, we earned an aggregate net revenues/benefit from medicaid supplemental payments of approximately $71 million during 2014, $69 million during 2013 and $58 million during 2012 (of which $12 million related to 2011), net of provider taxes (of $112 million in 2014, $74 million in 2013 and $93 million in 2012). we estimate that our aggregate net revenues/benefit from provider tax programs will approximate $70 million during 2015, net of provider taxes (of $111 million). these amounts include the impact of the cms approved california provider tax and related medicaid supplemental payment programs, which did not have a material impact on our operating results. the aggregate net benefit is earned from multiple states and therefore no particular state’s portion is individually material to our consolidated financial statements. however, provider taxes are governed by both federal and state laws and are subject to future legislative changes that, if reduced from current rates in several states, could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated future results of operations.
in nevada, cms approved a state plan amendment (“spa”) in august, 2014 that implemented a hospital supplemental payment program retroactive to january 1, 2014 and effective to june 30, 2015. included in our 2014 results of operations was approximately $10 million of net revenues earned in connection with this program. we estimate that our reimbursements pursuant to this program will approximate $7 million during 2015.
70
as outlined above, we receive substantial reimbursement from multiple states in connection with various supplemental medicaid payment programs. failure to renew these programs beyond their scheduled termination dates, failure of the public hospitals to provide the necessary igts for the states’ share of the dsh programs, failure of our hospitals that currently receive supplemental medicaid revenues to qualify for future funds under these programs, or reductions in reimbursements, could have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations.
hitech act: in july 2010, the department of health and human services (“hhs”) published final regulations implementing the health information technology (“hit”) provisions of the american recovery and reinvestment act (referred to as the “hitech act”). the final regulation defines the “meaningful use” of electronic health records (“ehr”) and establishes the requirements for the medicare and medicaid ehr payment incentive programs. the final rule established an initial set of standards and certification criteria. the implementation period for these new medicare and medicaid incentive payments started in federal fiscal year 2011 and can end as late as 2016 for medicare and 2021 for the state medicaid programs. state medicaid program participation in this federally funded incentive program is voluntary but all of the states in which our eligible hospitals operate have chosen to participate. our acute care hospitals may qualify for these ehr incentive payments upon implementation of the ehr application assuming they meet the “meaningful use” criteria. the government’s ultimate goal is to promote more effective (quality) and efficient healthcare delivery through the use of technology to reduce the total cost of healthcare for all americans and utilizing the cost savings to expand access to the healthcare system.
pursuant to hitech act regulations, hospitals that do not qualify as a meaningful user of ehr by 2015 are subject to a reduced market basket update to the ipps standardized amount in 2015 and each subsequent fiscal year. we believe that all of our acute care hospitals have met the applicable meaningful use criteria and therefore are not subject to a reduced market basked update to the ipps standardized amount in federal fiscal year 2015. however, under the hitech act, hospitals must continue to meet the applicable meaningful use criteria in each fiscal year or they will be subject to a market basket update reduction in a subsequent fiscal year. failure of our acute care hospitals to continue to meet the applicable meaningful use criteria would have an adverse effect on our future net revenues and results of operations.
our 2014 consolidated results of operations includes an unfavorable pre-tax impact of approximately $8 million consisting of approximately $28 million of ehr incentive income less approximately $37 million of depreciation and amortization expense, plus approximately $1 million of net expense attributable to noncontrolling interests. our 2013 consolidated results of operations includes a favorable pre-tax impact of approximately $19 million consisting of approximately $61 million of ehr incentive income less approximately $10 million of salaries, wages, benefits and other operating expenses, approximately $33 million of depreciation and amortization expense, plus approximately $1 million of net expense attributable to noncontrolling interests. our 2012 consolidated results of operations includes a favorable pre-tax impact of approximately $3 million consisting of approximately $30 million of ehr incentive income less approximately $15 million of salaries, wages, benefits and other operating expenses, approximately $13 million of depreciation and amortization expense, plus approximately $1 million of net expense attributable to noncontrolling interests.
federal regulations require that medicare ehr incentive payments be computed based on the medicare cost report that begins in the federal fiscal period in which a hospital meets the applicable “meaningful use” requirements. since the annual medicare cost report periods for each of our acute care hospitals ends on december 31st , we will recognize medicare ehr incentive income for each hospital during the fourth quarter of the year in which the facility meets the “meaningful use” criteria and during the fourth quarter of each applicable subsequent year.
managed care: a significant portion of our net patient revenues are generated from managed care companies, which include health maintenance organizations, preferred provider organizations and managed medicare (referred to as medicare part c or medicare advantage) and medicaid programs. in general, we expect the percentage of our business from managed care programs to continue to grow. the consequent growth in
71
managed care networks and the resulting impact of these networks on the operating results of our facilities vary among the markets in which we operate. typically, we receive lower payments per patient from managed care payors than we do from traditional indemnity insurers, however, during the past few years we have secured price increases from many of our commercial payors including managed care companies.
commercial insurance: our hospitals also provide services to individuals covered by private health care insurance. private insurance carriers typically make direct payments to hospitals or, in some cases, reimburse their policy holders, based upon the particular hospital’s established charges and the particular coverage provided in the insurance policy. private insurance reimbursement varies among payors and states and is generally based on contracts negotiated between the hospital and the payor.
commercial insurers are continuing efforts to limit the payments for hospital services by adopting discounted payment mechanisms, including predetermined payment or drg-based payment systems, for more inpatient and outpatient services. to the extent that such efforts are successful and reduce the insurers’ reimbursement to hospitals and the costs of providing services to their beneficiaries, such reduced levels of reimbursement may have a negative impact on the operating results of our hospitals.
other sources: our hospitals provide services to individuals that do not have any form of health care coverage. such patients are evaluated, at the time of service or shortly thereafter, for their ability to pay based upon federal and state poverty guidelines, qualifications for medicaid or other state assistance programs, as well as our local hospitals’ indigent and charity care policy. patients without health care coverage who do not qualify for medicaid or indigent care write-offs are offered substantial discounts in an effort to settle their outstanding account balances.
sources of revenues and health care reform: given increasing budget deficits, the federal government and many states are currently considering additional ways to limit increases in levels of medicare and medicaid funding, which could also adversely affect future payments received by our hospitals. in addition, the uncertainty and fiscal pressures placed upon the federal government as a result of, among other things, the war on terrorism, economic recovery stimulus packages, responses to natural disasters, the expansion of a medicare drug benefit and the federal budget deficit in general may affect the availability of federal funds to provide additional relief in the future. we are unable to predict the effect of future policy changes on our operations.
in march, 2010, the health care and education reconciliation act of 2010 (h.r. 4872, p.l. 111-152), (the “reconciliation act”) and the patient protection and affordable care act (p.l. 111-148), (the “affordable care act”), were enacted into law and created significant changes to health insurance coverage for u.s. citizens as well as material revisions to the federal medicare and state medicaid programs. medicare, medicaid and other health care industry changes which are scheduled to be implemented at various times during this decade are noted below.
implemented medicare reductions and reforms:
•   the reconciliation act reduced the market basket update for inpatient and outpatient hospitals and inpatient behavioral health facilities by 0.25% in each of 2010 and 2011, by 0.10% in each of 2012 and 2013 and 0.30% in
2014.

•   the affordable care act implemented certain reforms to medicare advantage payments, effective in 2011.

•   a medicare shared savings program, effective in 2012.

•   a hospital readmissions reduction program, effective in 2012.

•   a value-based purchasing program for hospitals, effective in 2012.

•   a national pilot program on payment bundling, effective in 2013.

•   reduction to medicare disproportionate share hospital (“dsh”) payments, effective in 2014, as discussed above.

72
medicaid revisions:
•   expanded medicaid eligibility and related special federal payments, effective in 2014.

•   the affordable care act (as amended by subsequent federal legislation) requires annual aggregate reductions in federal dsh funding from federal fiscal year (“ffy”) 2017 through ffy 2024. the aggregate annual reduction amounts are:

$1.8 billion for ffy 2017
$4.7 billion for ffy 2018
$4.7 billion for ffy 2019
$4.7 billion for ffy 2020
$4.8 billion for ffy 2021
$5.0 billion for ffy 2022
$5.0 billion for ffy 2023
$4.4 billion for ffy 2024
health insurance revisions:
•   large employer insurance reforms, effective in 2015.

•   individual insurance mandate and related federal subsidies, effective in 2014.

•   federally mandated insurance coverage reforms, effective in 2010 and forward.

the affordable care act seeks to increase competition among private health insurers by providing for transparent federal and state insurance exchanges. the affordable care act also prohibits private insurers from adjusting insurance premiums based on health status, gender, or other specified factors. we cannot provide assurance that these provisions will not adversely affect the ability of private insurers to pay for services provided to insured patients, or that these changes will not have a negative material impact on our results of operations going forward.
value-based purchasing:
there is a trend in the healthcare industry toward value-based purchasing of healthcare services. these value-based purchasing programs include both public reporting of quality data and preventable adverse events tied to the quality and efficiency of care provided by facilities. governmental programs including medicare and medicaid currently require hospitals to report certain quality data to receive full reimbursement updates. in addition, medicare does not reimburse for care related to certain preventable adverse events. many large commercial payers currently require hospitals to report quality data, and several commercial payers do not reimburse hospitals for certain preventable adverse events.
the affordable care act contains a number of provisions intended to promote value-based purchasing. the affordable care act prohibits the use of federal funds under the medicaid program to reimburse providers for medical assistance provided to treat hospital acquired conditions (“hac”). beginning in ffy 2015, hospitals that fall into the top 25% of national risk-adjusted hac rates for all hospitals in the previous year will receive a 1% reduction in their total medicare payments. hospitals with excessive readmissions for conditions designated by hhs will receive reduced payments for all inpatient discharges, not just discharges relating to the conditions subject to the excessive readmission standard.
the affordable care act also required hhs to implement a value-based purchasing program for inpatient hospital services which became effective on october 1, 2012. the affordable care act requires hhs to reduce inpatient hospital payments for all discharges by a percentage beginning at 1% in ffy 2013 and increasing by
73
0.25% each fiscal year up to 2% in ffy 2017 and subsequent years. hhs will pool the amount collected from these reductions to fund payments to reward hospitals that meet or exceed certain quality performance standards established by hhs. hhs will determine the amount each hospital that meets or exceeds the quality performance standards will receive from the pool of dollars created by these payment reductions. in its fiscal year 2015 ipps final rule, cms will fund the value-based purchasing program by reducing base operating drg payment amounts to participating hospitals by 1.5%.
readmission reduction program:
in the affordable care act, congress also mandated implementation of the hospital readmission reduction program (“hrrp”). the hrrp assesses penalties on hospitals having excess readmission rates when compared to expected rates, effective for discharges beginning october 1, 2012. in the fiscal year 2013 ipps final rule, cms finalized certain policies with regard to payment under the hrrp, including which hospitals are subject to the hrrp, the methodology to calculate the hospital readmission payment adjustment factor, and what portion of the ipps payment is used to calculate the readmission adjustment factor. in the fiscal year 2014 ipps final rule, cms finalized revisions to the three 30-day admission measures in the program—heart failure, myocardial infarction, and pneumonia—to exclude planned readmissions. under the affordable care act, beginning in fiscal year 2015, the maximum reduction in payments under the hrrp will increase from 2% to 3%. cms will expand the program and add two readmission measures, one, acute exacerbation of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (copd) and, two, patients admitted for elective total hip arthroplasty (tha) and total knee arthroplasty (tka). in the fiscal year 2015 ipps final rule, cms added readmissions for coronary artery bypass graft (cabg) surgical procedures beginning in fiscal year 2017. we do not believe impact of hrrp for federal fiscal year 2014 had or will have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
accountable care organizations:
the affordable care act requires hhs to establish a medicare shared savings program that promotes accountability and coordination of care through the creation of accountable care organizations (“acos”). the aco program allows providers (including hospitals), physicians and other designated professionals and suppliers to voluntarily work together to invest in infrastructure and redesign delivery processes to achieve high quality and efficient delivery of services. the program is intended to produce savings as a result of improved quality and operational efficiency. acos that achieve quality performance standards established by hhs will be eligible to share in a portion of the amounts saved by the medicare program.
in addition to statutory and regulatory changes to the medicare and each of the state medicaid programs, our operations and reimbursement may be affected by administrative rulings, new or novel interpretations and determinations of existing laws and regulations, post-payment audits, requirements for utilization review and new governmental funding restrictions, all of which may materially increase or decrease program payments as well as affect the cost of providing services and the timing of payments to our facilities. the final determination of amounts we receive under the medicare and medicaid programs often takes many years, because of audits by the program representatives, providers’ rights of appeal and the application of numerous technical reimbursement provisions. we believe that we have made adequate provisions for such potential adjustments. nevertheless, until final adjustments are made, certain issues remain unresolved and previously determined allowances could become either inadequate or more than ultimately required.
finally, we expect continued third-party efforts to aggressively manage reimbursement levels and cost controls. reductions in reimbursement amounts received from third-party payors could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and our results of operations.
other operating results combined net revenues and income/losses before income taxes from our surgical hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers and radiation oncology centers did not have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations during 2014, 2013 or 2012.
74
interest expense below is a schedule of our interest expense during 2014, 2013 and 2012 (amounts in thousands):
2014                    2013                     2012
revolving credit &amp; demand notes (a.)                                                                                                $2,984                   $3,463                   $5,766
$400 million, 7.125% senior notes due 2016                                                                                              28,496                   28,496                   28,496
$250 million, 7.00% senior notes due 2018 (a.)                                                                                          10,208                   17,500                   17,500
$300 million, 3.75% senior notes due 2019 (a.)                                                                                           4,500                        —                        —
$300 million, 3.75% senior notes due 2022 (a.)                                                                                           5,700                        —                        —
term loan facility a/new (a.)                                                                                                           12,507                        —                        —
term loan facility a/original (a.)                                                                                                       9,769                   18,994                   22,298
term loan facility a2 (a.) (b.)                                                                                                          8,747                   16,625                    5,204
term loan facility b/b1 (a.) (b.) (c.)                                                                                                   8,009                   21,569                   48,208
accounts receivable securitization program (a.)                                                                                          2,446                    2,548                    2,662
subtotal-revolving credit, demand notes, senior notes, term loan facilities and accounts receivable securitization program              93,366                  109,195                  130,134
interest rate swap expense, net                                                                                                         19,063                   19,183                   20,628
amortization of financing fees                                                                                                          15,400                   21,783                   27,107
other combined interest expense                                                                                                          6,346                    6,645                    6,800
capitalized interest on major projects                                                                                                       —                   (4,921   )               (5,666   )
interest income                                                                                                                           (537   )               (5,754   )                  (85   )
interest expense, net                                                                                                                 $133,638                 $146,131                 $178,918
(a.)   as discussed below in capital resources-credit facilities and outstanding debt securities, during the third quarter of 2014, we completed the following financing transactions:

•                         on august 7, 2014, we entered into a fourth amendment to our credit agreement dated as of november 15, 2010, as amended on march 15, 2011, september 21, 2012 and may 16, 2013, among uhs, as borrower, the several banks and other financial institutions from time to time parties thereto, as lenders (“credit agreement”). the credit agreement, as amended, which is scheduled to mature in august, 2019, consists of: (i) an $800
million revolving credit facility, and; (ii) a $1.775 billion term loan a facility which combined our previously outstanding term loan a and term loan a2 facilities (which were scheduled to mature in 2016);

•   repaid $550 million of outstanding borrowings pursuant to our previously outstanding term loan b facility which was scheduled to mature in 2016;

•   increased the borrowing capacity on our existing $275 million accounts receivable securitization program (“securitization”) to $360 million effective august 1, 2014. the securitization, the terms of which remain the same as the previous agreement, is scheduled to mature in october, 2016;

•   issued $300 million aggregate principal amount of 3.750% senior secured notes due in 2019;

•   issued $300 million aggregate principal amount of 4.750% senior secured notes due in 2022, and;

•   redeemed our previously outstanding $250 million, 7.00% senior unsecured notes due in 2018 on july 31, 2014 for an aggregate price equal to 104.56% of the principal amount (resulting in payment of an $11 million make-whole premium).

as discussed below in costs related to early extinguishment of debt, in connection with these financing transactions, our 2014 results of operations included a $36 million pre-tax charge incurred for the costs related to the extinguishment of debt.
(b.)   in september, 2012, we completed a second amendment to our credit agreement dated november, 15, 2010, as amended. the second amendment provided for a
$900 million term loan a2, which was

75
subsequently combined into our new term loan a facility during the third quarter of 2014, as discussed above. in september, 2012, we used $700 million of the term loan a2 proceeds to repay our then outstanding, higher priced term loan b facility. the remainder of the term loan a2 proceeds was used to pay transaction-related fees and expenses and to repay other floating rate debt.

(c.)                         in may, 2013 we completed a third amendment to our credit agreement dated november 15, 2010, as amended. the third amendment provided for a reduction in the interest rates payable in connection with certain borrowings outstanding at that time under the credit agreement. specifically, we replaced our then outstanding $745.9 million senior secured term loan b with a new senior secured term loan b1 in the same amount on substantially the same terms as the term loan b, other than lower interest rates.

interest expense decreased $12 million during 2014 to $134 million as compared to $146 million during 2013. the decrease was due primarily to: (i) a $16 million decrease in aggregate interest expense on our revolving credit, demand notes, senior notes, term loan facilities and accounts receivable securitization program due primarily to a decrease in our average outstanding borrowings as well as a decrease in our aggregate average cost of borrowings pursuant to these facilities, as discussed below; (ii) a $6 million decrease in amortization and financing fees, resulting primarily from the write-off of certain deferred financing costs and original issue discounts in connection with the financing transactions during the third quarter of 2014, as discussed above, partially offset by; (iii) $5 million of capitalized interest recorded on major projects during 2013, and; (iv) a $5 million decrease in interest income, primarily related to the interest income received from illinois during 2013 related to delayed cash remittances to us.
the aggregate average outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit, demand notes, senior notes, term loan facilities and accounts receivable securitization program were approximately $3.2 billion during 2014 and approximately $3.5 billion during 2013. the average effective interest rate on these facilities, excluding the amortization of deferred financing costs and original issue discounts and designated interest rate swap expense was 2.9% during 2014 and 3.1% during 2013. the average effective interest rate on these facilities, including amortization of deferred financing costs and original issue discounts and designated interest rate swap expense was 3.9% during 2014 and 4.2% during 2013.
interest expense decreased $33 million during 2013 to $146 million as compared to $179 million during 2012. the decrease was due primarily to: (i) a $21 million decrease in aggregate interest expense on our revolving credit, demand notes, senior notes, term loan facilities and accounts receivable securitization program due primarily to a decrease in our aggregate average cost of borrowings pursuant to these facilities, as discussed below; (ii) a $5 million decrease in the amortization of financing fees, and; (iii) other combined net decrease of $7 million consisting primarily of interest earned by us on delayed cash remittances paid to us from illinois.
the aggregate average outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit, demand notes, senior notes, term loan facilities and accounts receivable securitization program were approximately $3.5 billion during each of 2013 and 2012. the average effective interest rate on these facilities, excluding the amortization of deferred financing costs and original issue discounts and designated interest rate swap expense was 3.1% during 2013 and 3.7% during 2012. the average effective interest rate on these facilities, including amortization of deferred financing costs and original issue discounts and designated interest rate swap expense was 4.2% during 2013 and 4.9% during 2012.
costs related to early extinguishment of debt as discussed above, in connection with various financing transactions completed during 2014, as discussed below in capital resources-credit facilities and outstanding debt securities, our 2014 results of operations include a $36 million pre-tax charge incurred for the costs related to the extinguishment of debt. this charge consisted of the write-off of deferred charges ($20 million) and original issue discount on the extinguished debt ($5 million) as well as the make-whole premium paid ($11 million) on the early redemption of the $250 million, 7.00% senior unsecured notes. during 2012, in connection with the extinguishment of a portion of our previously
76
outstanding term loan-b facility, we recorded a pre-tax charge of $29 million to write-off the related portion of the term loan-b deferred financing costs. there were no costs related to early extinguishment of debt incurred during 2013.
transaction costs there were no material transaction fees incurred in 2014 or 2013. during 2012, we incurred approximately $6 million of transaction costs in connection with our acquisition of 9 behavioral health facilities acquired from ascend health corporation in october, 2012. these costs consisted primarily of legal, investment banking and consulting fees.
provision for income taxes and effective tax rates the effective tax rates, as calculated by dividing the provision for income taxes by income before income taxes, were as follows for each of the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 (dollar amounts in thousands):
2014                     2013                     2012
provision for income taxes             $324,671                 $315,309                 $274,616
income before income taxes              929,667                  869,332                  763,663
effective tax rate                         34.9   %                 36.3   %                 36.0   %
outside owners hold various noncontrolling, minority ownership interests in seven of our acute care facilities and one behavioral health care facility. each of these facilities are owned and operated by limited liability companies (“llc”) or limited partnerships (“lp”). as a result, since there is no income tax liability incurred at the llc/lp level (since it passes through to the members/partners), the net income attributable to noncontrolling interests does not include any income tax provision/benefit. when computing the provision for income taxes, as reflected on our consolidated statements of income, the net income attributable to noncontrolling interests is deducted from income before income taxes since it represents the third-party members’/partners’ share of the income generated by the joint-venture entities. in addition to providing the effective tax rates, as indicated above (as calculated from dividing the provision for income taxes by the income before income taxes as reflected on the consolidated statements of income), we believe it is helpful to our investors that we also provide our effective tax rate as calculated after giving effect to the portion of our pre-tax income that is attributable to the third-party members/partners.
the effective tax rates, as calculated by dividing the provision for income taxes by the difference in income before income taxes, minus net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, were as follows for each of the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 (dollar amounts in thousands):
2014                     2013                     2012
provision for income taxes                                                                           $324,671                 $315,309                 $274,616
income before income taxes                                                                            929,667                  869,332                  763,663
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                             (59,653   )              (43,290   )              (45,601   )
income before income taxes and after net income attributable to noncontrolling interests              870,014                  826,042                  718,062
effective tax rate                                                                                       37.3   %                 38.2   %                 38.2   %
the impact of the discrete tax items did not have a material impact on our provision for income taxes during 2014, 2013 or 2012. the decrease in the effective tax rate during 2014, as compared to 2013 and 2012, was due primarily to: (i) a decrease in our blended effective state income tax rate during 2014; (ii) the income tax
77
provision recorded during 2013 on the sale of peak behavioral health services which was divested in may, 2013 (the tax basis gain realized on the sale of peak behavioral health services exceeded the gain recorded pursuant to generally accepted accounting principles), and; (iii) a decrease to our federal income tax provision relating to 2013 that was recorded during 2014.
we consider the undistributed earnings of certain of our foreign subsidiaries as of december 31, 2014, to be indefinitely reinvested and, accordingly, no u.s. income taxes have been provided thereon. as of december 31, 2014, the amount of cash associated with indefinitely reinvested foreign earnings was approximately $12 million.
discontinued operations there were no material divestitures during 2014.
in connection with the receipt of antitrust clearance from the federal trade commission (“ftc”) in connection with our acquisition of ascend health corporation in october of 2012, we agreed to certain conditions, including the divestiture of peak behavioral health services (“peak”), a 104-bed behavioral health care facility located in santa teresa, new mexico. the divestiture of peak was completed during the second quarter of 2013 for total cash proceeds of approximately $24 million resulting in a pre-tax gain of approximately $3 million which is included in our 2013 consolidated financial statements.
in october of 2012, we completed the divestiture of auburn regional medical center (“auburn”), a 159-bed acute care hospital located in auburn, washington, for total cash proceeds of approximately $93 million. this divestiture resulted in a pre-tax gain of $26 million which was included in our 2012 consolidated financial statements.
in connection with the receipt of antitrust clearance from the ftc in connection with our acquisition of psi in november, 2010, we agreed to divest three former psi facilities (which were divested during 2011) as well as one of our legacy behavioral health facilities in puerto rico, which we divested in 2012.
the following table shows the results of operations for auburn and peak, on a combined basis, which were reflected as discontinued operations during our period of ownership for each of the years presented herein (amounts in thousands). since the aggregate income from discontinued operations before income tax expense for these facilities is not material to our consolidated financial statements, it is included as a reduction to other operating expenses.
2013                   2012
net revenues                                                                $7,813                $95,226
income (loss) from discontinued operations, before income taxes                932                 (3,472   )
gain on divestiture                                                          3,080                 26,419
income from discontinued operations, before income tax expense               4,012                 22,947
income tax expense                                                          (1,506   )             (8,688   )
income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes                    $2,506                $14,259
effects of inflation and seasonality seasonality—our acute care services business is typically seasonal, with higher patient volumes and net patient service revenue in the first and fourth quarters of the year. this seasonality occurs because, generally, more people become ill during the winter months, which results in significant increases in the number of patients treated in our hospitals during those months.
inflation—inflation has not had a material impact on our results of operations over the last three years. however, since the healthcare industry is very labor intensive and salaries and benefits are subject to inflationary
78
pressures, as are supply and other costs, we cannot predict the impact that future economic conditions may have on our ability to contain future expense increases. our ability to pass on increased costs associated with providing healthcare to medicare and medicaid patients is limited due to various federal, state and local laws which have been enacted that, in certain cases, limit our ability to increase prices. we believe, however, that through adherence to cost containment policies, labor management and reasonable price increases, the effects of inflation on future operating margins should be manageable.
liquidity year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to december 31, 2013:
net cash provided by operating activities net cash provided by operating activities was $1.04 billion during 2014 as compared to $884 million during 2013. the net increase of $152 million was primarily attributable to the following:
•   a favorable change of $108 million due to an increase in net income plus/minus depreciation and amortization expense, stock-based compensation expense, net gains on sales of assets and businesses, and write-off of deferred financing costs related to extinguishment of debt;

•   a $56 million unfavorable change in accounts receivable;

•   a $48 million favorable change in other working capital accounts due primarily to an increase in accrued compensation and accounts payable;

•   a favorable change of $64 million in accrued insurance expense, net of commercial premiums paid, due primarily to an $81 million reduction recorded during 2013, as compared to $20 million during 2014, to our professional and general liability self-insurance reserves, based upon reserve analyses, and;

•   $12 million of other combined net unfavorable changes.

days sales outstanding (“dso”): our dso are calculated by dividing our net revenue by the number of days in the year. the result is divided into the accounts receivable balance the end of the year. our dso were 58 days at december 31, 2014 and 56 days at each of december 31, 2013 and 2012.
net cash used in investing activities net cash used in investing activities was $833 million during 2014 and $383 million during 2013.
2014:
the $833 million of net cash used in investing activities during 2014 consisted of $431 million spent/reserved related to the acquisition of businesses and property, $391 million spent on capital expenditures, $13 million spent in connection with the purchase and implementation of an electronic health records application (“ehr”), $12 million spent to increase investments of insurance subsidiary, net of $15 million received from the sale of assets and businesses.
2014 acquisitions of assets and businesses:
during 2014 we spent $431 million to:
•   acquire the stock of cygnet health care limited (“cygnet”) which consists of 17 facilities located throughout the united kingdom including 15 inpatient behavioral health hospitals and 2 nursing homes with a total of 723 beds (during the third quarter);

•   acquire and fund the required capital reserves related to prominence health plan, a commercial health insurer headquartered in reno, nevada (during the second quarter);

•   acquire the psychiatric institute of washington, a 124-bed behavioral health care facility and outpatient treatment center located in washington, d.c. (during the second quarter);

79
•   acquire the operations of palo verde behavioral health, a 48-bed behavioral health facility in tucson, arizona (during the first quarter);

•   acquire the real property of the bridgeway, a 103-bed behavioral health care facility located in north little rock, arkansas, that was previously leased from universal health realty income trust (during the fourth quarter);

•   acquire the previously leased real property of cygnet hospital-harrow, a 44-bed behavioral health care facility located in the united kingdom, the operations of which were acquired as part of our acquisition of cygnet
(during the fourth quarter), and;

•   acquire physician practices.

2014 capital expenditures:
during 2014 we spent $391 million to finance capital expenditures including capital expenditures for equipment, renovations and new projects at various existing facilities, including additional capacity added to certain of our behavioral health facilities that have operated near full capacity.
2014 divestiture of assets and businesses:
during 2014 we received $15 million in connection with the divestiture of a non-operating investment (during the first quarter) and the real property of a closed behavioral health facility (during the second quarter).
2013:
the $383 million of net cash used in investing activities during 2013 consisted of $358 million spent on capital expenditures, $13 million spent on the acquisition of property and businesses, $37 million received from the sale of assets and businesses and $50 million spent in connection with the purchase and implementation of an ehr application.
2013 capital expenditures:
during 2013, we spent $358 million to finance capital expenditures including the construction costs related to: (i) the newly constructed temecula valley hospital, a 140-bed acute care facility located in temecula, california, that was completed and opened in october, 2013; (ii) the construction costs related to austin oaks hospital, a newly constructed, 80-bed behavioral health facility located in austin, texas, that was completed and opened during the second quarter of 2013, and; (iii) capital expenditures related to equipment renovations and new projects at various existing facilities.
2013 acquisitions of assets and businesses:
during 2013, we spent $13 million for the purchase of real property located in pennsylvania, nevada and arizona.
2013 divestiture of assets and businesses:
during 2013, we received $37 million in connection with the divestiture of peak behavioral health services and certain other assets and real property including three previously closed behavioral health care facilities.
net cash used in financing activities net cash used in financing activities was $187 million during 2014 and $507 million during 2013.
80
2014:
the $187 million of net cash used in financing activities during 2014 consisted of the following:
•             generated $830 million of proceeds from additional borrowings pursuant to: (i) the issuance in august of 2014 of $300 million aggregate principal amount of 3.750% senior secured notes due 2019 and the issuance of
$300 million aggregate principal amount of 4.750% senior secured notes due 2022; (ii) $140 million from new borrowings pursuant to our revolving credit facility, and; (iii) $90 million of proceeds from new borrowings pursuant to our accounts receivable securitization program;

•           spent $879 million on net repayments of debt due primarily to repayments pursuant to our: (i) previously outstanding term loan b facility ($550 million); (ii) previously outstanding $250 million, 7% senior unsecured notes ($250 million); (iii) previously outstanding term loan term loan a and a2 facilities ($36 million); (iv) short-term, on-demand line of credit ($25 million); (v) new term loan a facility ($11 million), and;
(vi) various other debt facilities ($7 million);

•   spent $101 million to repurchase shares of our class b common stock in connection with: (i) open market purchases pursuant to our $400 million stock repurchase program ($58 million), and; (ii) income tax withholding obligations related to stock-based compensation programs ($43 million);

•   generated $34 million of excess income tax benefits related to stock-based compensation;

•   spent $15 million in financing costs in connection with the various financing transactions as discussed below in credit facilities and outstanding debt securities;

•   spent $30 million to pay quarterly cash dividends of $.05 per share during each of the first and second quarters and $.10 per share during the third and fourth quarters;

•   spent $34 million to pay profit distributions related to noncontrolling interests in majority owned businesses, and;

•   generated $7 million from the issuance of shares of our class b common stock pursuant to the terms of employee stock purchase plans.

2013:
the $507 million of net cash used in financing activities consisted of the following:
•   spent $440 million on net repayments of debt due to repayments pursuant to our previously outstanding term loan a and a2 facilities ($72 million), previously outstanding term loan b ($196 million), revolving credit
($150 million), accounts receivable securitization ($9 million) and other debt facilities ($13 million);

•   generated $16 million of proceeds from a short-term, on-demand facility and other debt;

•   spent $61 million to pay profit distributions related to noncontrolling interests in majority owned businesses;

•   spent $27 million to repurchase shares of our class b common stock (in connection with income tax withholdings related to employee stock-based incentive compensation programs);

•   spent $20 million to pay quarterly cash dividends of $.05 per share;

•   generated $20 million of excess income tax benefits related to stock-based compensation, and;

•   generated $6 million from the issuance of shares of our class b common stock pursuant to the terms of employee stock purchase plans.

81
year ended december 31, 2013 as compared to december 31, 2012:
net cash provided by operating activities net cash provided by operating activities was $884 million during 2013 and $799 million during 2012. the net increase of $85 million was primarily attributable to the following:
•   a favorable change of $93 million due to an increase in net income plus/minus depreciation and amortization expense, stock-based compensation expense, costs related to extinguished debt and gains on sales of assets and businesses;

•   a $62 million unfavorable change in accrued insurance expense, net of payments made in settlement of self-insurance claims, due primarily to the above-mentioned reductions to our professional and general liability self-insurance reserves recorded during 2013 and 2012 ($81 million during 2013 as compared to $27 million recorded during 2012);

•   a $41 million favorable change in accrued and deferred income taxes (due in part to the tax treatment related to the above-mentioned 2013 reduction to our professional and general liability self-insurance reserves);

•   a $22 million unfavorable change in other assets and deferred charges;

•   a $21 million favorable change in accounts receivable, and;

•   $14 million of other combined net favorable changes.

net cash used in investing activities net cash used in investing activities was $383 million during 2013 as compared to $790 million during 2012. the factors contributing to the $383 million of net cash used in investing activities during 2013 are detailed above.
2012:
the $790 million of net cash used in investing activities during 2012 consisted of $363 million spent on capital expenditures, $528 million spent on acquisitions, $149 million received from the sale of assets and businesses, $54 million spent in connection with the purchase and implementation of ehr applications, and $6 million received from a deposit returned to us in connection with the termination of an agreement to purchase an acute care hospital located in texas.
2012 capital expenditures:
during 2012, we spent $363 million to finance capital expenditures, including the following: (i) construction costs related to multiple expansion and renovation projects at various existing acute care hospitals and behavioral health facilities; (ii) construction costs related to the newly constructed temecula valley hospital, and; (iii) capital expenditures for equipment at various existing facilities.
2012 acquisitions of assets and businesses:
during 2012, we spent $528 million to acquire the following assets and businesses:
•   spent $503 million to acquire 9 behavioral health care facilities from ascend health corporation in october, 2012, and;

•   spent $25 million in connection with the acquisition of physician practices and various real property.

82
2012 divestiture of assets and businesses:
during 2012, we received $149 million from the divestiture of assets and businesses, including the following:
•   received $93 million for the sale of auburn regional medical center, a 159-bed acute care hospital located in auburn, washington (sold in october, 2012);

•   received $50 million for the sale of the hospital san juan capestrano, a 108-bed acute care hospital located in rio piedras, puerto rico (sold in january, 2012 pursuant to our above-mentioned agreement with the federal trade commission in connection with our acquisition of psi in november, 2010), and;

•   received an aggregate of $6 million for the sale of the real property of two non-operating behavioral health facilities and our majority ownership interest in an outpatient surgery center located in puerto rico.

net cash used in/provided by financing activities net cash used in financing activities was $507 million during 2013 and $27 million during 2012. the factors contributing to the $507 million of net cash used in financing activities during 2013 are detailed above.
2012:
the $27 million of net cash used in financing activities consisted of the following:
•   spent $850 million on net repayments of debt due to repayments pursuant to our previously outstanding term loan a and a2 facilities ($42 million), previously outstanding term loan b ($713 million), revolving credit
($91 million) and other debt facilities ($4 million);

•   generated $914 million of proceeds from $900 million of borrowings pursuant to our previously outstanding term loan a2 facility, $9 million of borrowings pursuant to our accounts receivable securitization program and $5 million of borrowings pursuant to a short-term, on-demand facility;

•   spent $27 million to pay profit distributions related to noncontrolling interests in majority owned businesses;

•   spent $19 million to repurchase shares of our class b common stock (in connection with income tax withholdings related to employee stock-based incentive compensation programs);

•   spent $58 million to pay quarterly cash dividends of $.05 per share and a special dividend of $.40 per share in december, 2012;

•   generated $16 million of excess income tax benefits related to stock-based compensation;

•   spent $8 million in financing costs in connection with the amendment to our credit facility (which includes our existing revolving credit agreement, previously outstanding term loan a and a2 and term loan b facilities)
which was completed during in march, 2012, and;

•   generated $5 million from the issuance of shares of our class b common stock pursuant to the terms of employee stock purchase plans.

2015 expected capital expenditures:
during 2015, we expect to spend approximately $375 million to $400 million on capital expenditures which includes expenditures for capital equipment, renovations, new projects at existing hospitals and construction of new facilities. approximately $155 million of our 2015 expected capital expenditures relates to completion of projects that are in progress as of december 31, 2014. we believe that our capital expenditure program is adequate to expand, improve and equip our existing hospitals. we expect to finance all capital expenditures and acquisitions with internally generated funds and/or additional funds, as discussed below.
83
capital resources credit facilities and outstanding debt securities during the third quarter of 2014, we completed the following financing transactions:
•                             on august 7, 2014, we entered into a fourth amendment (the “fourth amendment”) to our credit agreement dated as of november 15, 2010, as amended on march 15, 2011, september 21, 2012
and may 16, 2013, among uhs, as borrower, the several banks and other financial institutions from time to time parties thereto, as lenders (“credit agreement”). the credit agreement, as amended, which is scheduled to mature in august,
2019, consists of: (i) an $800 million revolving credit facility ($140 million of borrowings outstanding as of december 31, 2014), and; (ii) a $1.775 billion term loan a facility ($1.764 billion of borrowings outstanding as of december 31, 2014) which combined our previously outstanding term loan a and term loan a2 facilities which were scheduled to mature in 2016;

•   repaid $550 million of outstanding borrowings pursuant to our previously outstanding term loan b facility which was scheduled to mature in 2016;

•   increased the borrowing capacity on our existing accounts receivable securitization program (“securitization”) to $360 million from $275 million, effective august 1, 2014. the securitization, the terms of which remain the same as the previous agreement, as discussed below, is scheduled to mature in october, 2016;

•   issued $300 million aggregate principal amount of 3.750% senior secured notes due in 2019 (see below for additional disclosure);

•   issued $300 million aggregate principal amount of 4.750% senior secured notes due in 2022 (see below for additional disclosure);

•   redeemed our previously outstanding $250 million, 7.00% senior unsecured notes due in 2018 on july 31, 2014 for an aggregate price equal to 104.56% of the principal amount.

in connection with these transactions, our 2014 results of operations included a $36 million pre-tax charge incurred for the costs related to the extinguishment of debt. this charge consisted of the write-off of deferred charges ($20 million) and original issue discount on the extinguished debt ($5 million) as well as the make-whole premium paid ($11 million) on the early redemption of the $250 million, 7.00% senior unsecured notes.
borrowings under the credit agreement bear interest at either (1) the abr rate which is defined as the rate per annum equal to, at our election: the greatest of (a) the lender’s prime rate, (b) the weighted average of the federal funds rate, plus 0.5% and (c) one month libor rate plus 1%, in each case, plus an applicable margin based upon our consolidated leverage ratio at the end of each quarter ranging from 0.50% to 1.25% for revolving credit and term loan-a borrowings, or (2) the one, two, three or six month libor rate (at our election), plus an applicable margin based upon our consolidated leverage ratio at the end of each quarter ranging from 1.50% to 2.25% for revolving credit and term loan-a borrowings. as of december 31, 2014, the applicable margins were 0.50% for abr-based loans, 1.50% for libor-based loans under the revolving credit and term loan-a facilities.
as of december 31, 2014, we had $140 million of outstanding borrowings pursuant to the terms of our $800 million revolving credit facility and we had $640 million of available borrowing capacity, net of $500,000 of outstanding borrowings pursuant to a short-term, on-demand credit facility and $20 million of outstanding letters of credit. the revolving credit facility includes a $125 million sub-limit for letters of credit. the credit agreement is secured by certain assets of the company and our material subsidiaries and guaranteed by our material subsidiaries.
pursuant to the terms of the fourth amendment to our credit agreement, term loan-a quarterly installment payments of approximately: (i) $11 million commenced during the fourth quarter of 2014 and are scheduled to continue through september, 2016, and; (ii) $22 million are scheduled from the fourth quarter of 2016 through june, 2019. prior to commencement of the fourth amendment, we made scheduled principal payments of $36 million on the term loan-a and term loan a2 facilities during 2014 and $72 million during 2013.
84
as discussed above, on august 1, 2014, our accounts receivable securitization program (“securitization”), with a group of conduit lenders and liquidity banks which is scheduled to mature in october, 2016, was amended to increase the borrowing capacity to $360 million from $275 million. substantially all of the patient-related accounts receivable of our acute care hospitals (“receivables”) serve as collateral for the outstanding borrowings. we have accounted for this securitization as borrowings. we maintain effective control over the receivables since, pursuant to the terms of the securitization, the receivables are sold from certain of our subsidiaries to special purpose entities that are wholly-owned by us. the receivables, however, are owned by the special purpose entities, can be used only to satisfy the debts of the wholly-owned special purpose entities, and thus are not available to us except through our ownership interest in the special purpose entities. the wholly-owned special purpose entities use the receivables to collateralize the loans obtained from the group of third-party conduit lenders and liquidity banks. the group of third-party conduit lenders and liquidity banks do not have recourse to us beyond the assets of the wholly-owned special purpose entities that securitize the loans. at december 31, 2014, we had $330 million of outstanding borrowings and $30 million of additional capacity pursuant to the terms of our accounts receivable securitization program.
on august 7, 2014, we issued $300 million aggregate principal amount of 3.750% senior secured notes due 2019 (the “2019 notes”) and $300 million aggregate principal amount of 4.750% senior secured notes due 2022 (the “2022 notes”, and together with the 2019 notes, the “new senior secured notes”). the new senior secured notes were offered only to qualified institutional buyers under rule 144a and to non-u.s. persons outside the united states in reliance on regulation s under the securities act of 1933, as amended (the “securities act”). the new senior secured notes have not been registered under the securities act and may not be offered or sold in the united states absent registration or an applicable exemption from registration requirements. interest is payable on the new senior secured notes on february 1 and august 1 of each year to the holders of record at the close of business on the january 15 and july 15 immediately preceding the related interest payment dates, commencing on february 1, 2015 until the maturity date of august 1, 2019 for the 2019 notes and august 1, 2022 for the 2022 notes.
on june 30, 2006, we issued $250 million of senior secured notes which have a 7.125% coupon rate and mature on june 30, 2016 (the “7.125% notes”). interest on the 7.125% notes is payable semiannually in arrears on june 30th and december 30th of each year. in june, 2008, we issued an additional $150 million of 7.125% notes which formed a single series with the original 7.125% notes issued in june, 2006. other than their date of issuance and initial price to the public, the terms of the 7.125% notes issued in june, 2008 are identical to and trade interchangeably with, the 7.125% notes which were originally issued in june, 2006.
on july 31, 2014, we redeemed the $250 million, 7.00% senior unsecured notes (the “unsecured notes”), which were scheduled to mature on october 1, 2018, at a redemption price equal to 104.56% of the principal amount of the unsecured notes resulting in a make-whole premium payment of approximately $11 million. the unsecured notes were issued on september 29, 2010 and registered in april, 2011. interest on the unsecured note was payable semiannually in arrears on april 1st and october 1st of each year.
in connection with entering into the previous credit agreement on november 15, 2010, and in accordance with the indenture dated january 20, 2000 governing the rights of our existing notes, we entered into a supplemental indenture pursuant to which our 7.125% notes (due in 2016) were equally and ratably secured with the lenders under the credit agreement with respect to the collateral for so long as the lenders under the credit agreement are so secured.
the average amounts outstanding during each of years 2014, 2013 and 2012 under the current and prior credit agreements, demand notes and accounts receivable securitization programs was $2.4 billion, $2.9 billion and $2.9 billion, respectively, with corresponding interest rates of 1.8%, 2.2% and 2.9%, respectively, including commitment and facility fees. the maximum amounts outstanding at any month-end were $2.65 billion in 2014, $3.00 billion in 2013 and $3.06 billion in 2012. the effective interest rate on our current and prior credit agreements, accounts receivable securitization programs, and demand notes, which includes the respective interest expense, commitment and facility fees, designated interest rate swaps expense and amortization of deferred financing costs and original issue discounts, was 3.2% in 2014, 3.6% in 2013 and 4.5% in 2012.
85
our credit agreement includes a material adverse change clause that must be represented at each draw. the credit agreement contains covenants that include a limitation on sales of assets, mergers, change of ownership, liens and indebtedness, transactions with affiliates, dividends and stock repurchases; and requires compliance with financial covenants including maximum leverage and minimum interest coverage ratios. we are in compliance with all required covenants as of december 31, 2014.
the carrying value of our debt at december 31, 2014 and 2013 was $3.3 billion. the fair values of our debt at december 31, 2014 and 2013 were $3.3 billion and $3.4 billion, respectively. the fair value of our debt was computed based upon quotes received from financial institutions. we consider these to be “level 2” in the fair value hierarchy as outlined in the authoritative guidance for disclosures in connection with debt instruments.
our total debt as a percentage of total capitalization was 47% at december 31, 2014 and 51% at december 31, 2013.
we expect to finance all capital expenditures and acquisitions, pay dividends and potentially repurchase shares of our common stock utilizing internally generated and additional funds. additional funds may be obtained through: (i) the issuance of equity; (ii) borrowings under our existing revolving credit facility or through refinancing the existing revolving credit agreement, and/or; (iii) the issuance of other long-term debt. we believe that our operating cash flows, cash and cash equivalents, available borrowing capacity under our $800 million revolving credit facility and $360 million accounts receivable securitization program, as well as access to the capital markets, provide us with sufficient capital resources to fund our operating, investing and financing requirements for the next twelve months. however, in the event we need to access the capital markets or other sources of financing, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms or within an acceptable time. our inability to obtain financing on terms acceptable to us could have a material unfavorable impact on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
contractual obligations and off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2014 we were party to certain off balance sheet arrangements consisting of standby letters of credit and surety bonds which totaled $94 million consisting of: (i) $73 million related to our self-insurance programs, and; (ii) $21 million of other debt and public utility guarantees.
obligations under operating leases for real property, real property master leases and equipment amount to $335 million as of december 31, 2014. the real property master leases are leases for buildings on or near hospital property for which we guarantee a certain level of rental income. we sublease space in these buildings and any amounts received from these subleases are offset against the expense. in addition, we lease three hospital facilities from the trust with terms expiring in 2016. these leases contain up to three 5-year renewal options. we also lease the real property of certain facilities as indicated in item 2. properties, as included herein.
the following represents the scheduled maturities of our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2014:
payments due by period (dollars in thousands)
total                       less                                   2-3                         4-5                      after than                                 years                       years                    5 years
1 year long-term debt obligations (a)                                                              $3,278,534                  $68,319                           $878,112                  $2,016,805                   $315,298
estimated future interest payments on debt outstanding as of december 31, 2014 (b)                  404,926                    112,568                     136,820                     102,541                     52,997
construction commitments (c)                                                                        151,000                     62,000                      84,000                       5,000                          0
purchase and other obligations (d)                                                                  205,275                     40,805                      81,170                      83,300                          0
operating leases (e)                                                                                335,023                     58,904                      80,662                      48,169                    147,288
estimated future payments for defined benefit pension plan, and other retirement plan (f)           250,818                      9,021                      14,853                      15,799                    211,145
health and dental unpaid claims (g)                                                                  57,651                     57,651                           0                           0                          0
total contractual cash obligations                                                          $4,683,227                  $409,268                        $1,275,617                  $2,271,614                   $726,728
86
(a)   reflects borrowings outstanding as of december 31, 2014 as discussed in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.

(b)              assumes that all debt outstanding as of december 31, 2014, including borrowings under our credit agreement, demand note and accounts receivable securitization program, remain outstanding until the final maturity of the debt agreements at the same interest rates (some of which are floating) which were in effect as of december 31, 2014. we have the right to repay borrowings upon short notice and without penalty, pursuant to the terms of the credit agreement, demand note and accounts receivable securitization program. also includes the impact of various interest rate swap and cap agreements in effect as of december 31, 2014, as calculated to maturity dates utilizing the applicable floating interest rates in effect as of december 31, 2014.

(c)            estimated construction cost of a newly constructed acute care hospital located in henderson, nevada. we are required to build this hospital pursuant to an agreement with a third party. in addition to this new hospital project, we had various other projects under construction as of december 31, 2014 with estimated additional cost to complete and equip of approximately $155 million. because we can terminate substantially all of the related construction contracts at any time without paying a termination fee, these costs are excluded from the above table except for the amount contractually committed to a third-party.

(d)               consists of: (i) $87 million related to long-term contracts with third-parties consisting primarily of certain revenue cycle data processing services for our acute care facilities; (ii) $116 million related to the future expected costs to be paid to a third-party vendor in connection with the on-going operation of an electronic health records application for each of our acute care facilities, and; (iii) a $2 million liability for physician commitments expected to be paid in the future.

(e)   reflects our future minimum operating lease payment obligations related to our operating lease agreements outstanding as of december 31, 2014 as discussed in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements. some of the lease agreements provide us with the option to renew the lease and our future lease obligations would change if we exercised these renewal options.

(f)                    consists of $234 million of estimated future payments related to our non-contributory, defined benefit pension plan (estimated through 2089), as disclosed in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements, and
$17 million of estimated future payments related to another retirement plan liability. included in our other non-current liabilities as of december 31, 2014 was an $11 million liability recorded in connection with the non-contributory, defined benefit pension plan and included in other non-current liabilities as of december 31, 2014 was a $14 million liability recorded in connection with the other retirement plan.

(g)   consists of accrued and unpaid estimated claims expense incurred in connection with our commercial health insurer (prominence health plan) and self-insured employee benefit plans.

as of december 31, 2014, the total accrual for our professional and general liability claims was $193 million, of which $51 million is included in other current liabilities and $142 million is included in other non-current liabilities. we exclude the $193 million for professional and general liability claims from the contractual obligations table because there are no significant contractual obligations associated with these liabilities and because of the uncertainty of the dollar amounts to be ultimately paid as well as the timing of such payments. please see self-insured/other insurance risks above for additional disclosure related to our professional and general liability claims and reserves.
in connection with five acute care facilities (and one additional facility currently under construction) located in las vegas, nevada, the minority ownership interests of which are reflected as redeemable noncontrolling interests on our consolidated balance sheet, the outside owners have certain “put rights” that, if exercisable, and if exercised, require us to purchase the minority member’s interests at fair market value. the put rights are exercisable upon the occurrence of: (i) certain specified financial conditions falling below established thresholds; (ii) breach of the management contract by the managing member (a subsidiary of ours), or; (iii) if the minority member’s ownership percentage is reduced to less than certain thresholds. in connection with a behavioral health care facility located in philadelphia, pennsylvania and acquired by us as part of the psi acquisition, the minority ownership interest of which is also reflected as redeemable noncontrolling interests on our consolidated balance sheet, the outside owner has a “put option” to put its entire ownership interest to us at any time. if exercised, the
87
put option requires us to purchase the minority member’s interest at fair market value. we exclude the approximate amount that we may be required to pay to repurchase these minority ownership interests from the contractual obligations table because of the uncertainty as to: (i) whether or not the put rights, if exercisable, will actually be exercised; (ii) the dollar amounts that would be paid if the put rights were exercised, and; (iii) the timing of such payments.
additionally, the table above does not include $2 million of the total unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax positions as of december 31, 2014. due to the high degree of uncertainty regarding the timing of potential cash flows, we cannot reasonably estimate the settlement periods for which the amounts may be utilized.
