item 1a.   risk factors

investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk and uncertainty. you should carefully consider the following risks and all of the other information contained in this form 10-k before making an investment decision. if any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations or future growth could suffer. in these circumstances, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose part or all of your investment.
the health of the economy in the channels we serve may affect consumer purchases of discretionary items such as beauty products and salon services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows. in addition, the recent global economic crisis and volatility in global economic conditions and the financial markets may adversely affect our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows.
our results of operations may be materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the economy generally, both in the u.s. and internationally. concerns over inflation, employment, tax laws, energy costs, healthcare costs, geopolitical issues, terrorism, the availability and cost of credit, the mortgage market, sovereign and private banking systems, sovereign deficits and increasing debt burdens and the real estate and other financial markets in the u.s. and europe have contributed to increased volatility and diminished expectations for the u.s. and certain foreign economies. we appeal to a wide demographic consumer profile and offer an extensive selection of beauty products sold directly to retail consumers and premium salon services. continued uncertainty in the economy could adversely impact consumer purchases of discretionary items across all of our product categories, including prestige beauty products and premium salon services. factors that could affect consumers’ willingness to make such discretionary purchases include: general business conditions, levels of employment, interest rates, tax rates, the availability of consumer credit and consumer confidence in future economic conditions. in the event of a prolonged economic downturn or acute recession, consumer spending habits could be adversely affected and we could experience lower than expected net sales.
in addition, the recent global economic crisis and volatility and disruption to the capital and credit markets have had a significant, adverse impact on global economic conditions, resulting in recessionary pressures and declines in consumer confidence and economic growth. while these declines have moderated, the level of consumer spending is not where it was prior to the global recession, and economic conditions could lead to further declines in consumer spending in the future. additionally, there can be no assurance that various governmental activities to stabilize the markets and stimulate the economy will restore consumer confidence or change spending habits. reduced consumer spending could cause changes in customer order patterns and changes in the level of merchandise purchased by our customers, and may signify a reset of consumer spending habits, all of which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows.
recent economic conditions have also resulted in a tightening of the credit markets, including lending by financial institutions, which is a source of capital for our borrowing and liquidity. this tightening of the credit markets has increased the cost of capital and reduced the availability of credit. concern about the stability of the markets generally and the strength of counterparties specifically has led many lenders and institutional investors to reduce, and in some cases, cease to provide credit to businesses and consumers. these factors have led to a decrease in spending by businesses and consumers alike, and a corresponding decrease in global infrastructure spending. while global credit and financial markets appear to be recovering from extreme disruptions experienced over the past few years, uncertainty about continuing economic stability remains. it is difficult to predict how long the current economic and capital and credit market conditions will continue, the extent to which they will continue to recover, if at all, and which aspects of our products or business may be adversely affected. current market and credit conditions could continue to make it more difficult for developers and landlords to obtain the necessary credit to build new retail centers. a significant decrease in new retail center development could limit our future growth opportunities as long as the aforementioned conditions exist.
13
additionally, the general deterioration in economic conditions could adversely affect our commercial partners including our product vendors as well as the real estate developers and landlords who we rely on to construct and operate centers in which our stores are located. a bankruptcy or financial failure of a significant vendor or a number of significant real estate developers or shopping center landlords could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows.
we may be unable to compete effectively in our highly competitive markets.
the markets for beauty products and salon services are highly competitive with few barriers to entry. we compete against a diverse group of retailers, both small and large, including regional and national department stores, specialty retailers, drug stores, mass merchandisers, high-end and discount salon chains, locally owned beauty retailers and salons, e-commerce businesses, catalog retailers and direct response television, including television home shopping retailers and infomercials. we believe the principal bases upon which we compete are the breadth of merchandise, our value proposition, the quality of our customers’ shopping experience and the convenience of our stores as one-stop destinations for beauty products and salon services. many of our competitors are, and many of our potential competitors may be, larger and have greater financial, marketing and other resources and therefore may be able to adapt to changes in customer requirements more quickly, devote greater resources to the marketing and sale of their products, generate greater national brand recognition or adopt more aggressive pricing policies than we can. as a result, we may lose market share, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows.
the capacity of our distribution and order fulfillment infrastructure may not be adequate to support our recent growth and expected future growth plans, which could prevent the successful implementation of these plans or cause us to incur excess costs to expand this infrastructure, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows.
we operate three distribution facilities, which house the distribution operations for ulta retail stores together with the order fulfillment operations of our e-commerce business. in order to support our recent and expected future growth and to maintain the efficient operation of our business, additional distribution centers will be added in the future. in 2014, we began a multi-year supply chain project, which includes adding additional capacity, including two additional distribution centers expected to open in 2015 and 2016, and system improvements to support expanded omni-channel capabilities. our failure to effectively upgrade and expand our distribution capacity on a timely basis to keep pace with our anticipated growth in stores could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows.
any significant interruption in the operations of our distribution facilities could disrupt our ability to deliver merchandise to our stores in a timely manner, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows.
we distribute products to our stores without supplementing such deliveries with direct-to-store arrangements from vendors or wholesalers. we are a retailer carrying over 20,000 beauty products that change on a regular basis in response to beauty trends, which makes the success of our operations particularly vulnerable to disruptions in our distribution infrastructure. any significant interruption in the operation of our supply chain infrastructure, such as disruptions in our information systems, disruptions in operations due to fire or other catastrophic events, labor disagreements or shipping and transportation problems, could drastically reduce our ability to receive and process orders and provide products and services to our stores, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows.
cybersecurity breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer.
in the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including our proprietary business information and that of our customers, suppliers and business partners, and personally identifiable information of our customers and employees, in our data centers and on our networks. the secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to our operations. despite our security measures, our information
14
technology systems and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. any such breach could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, disrupt our operations, damage our reputation and cause a loss of confidence in our business, products and services, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows. we employ it security and security-related products and services as well as a full-time staff to proactively monitor our systems and networks. we maintain continual vigilance in regard to the protection of sensitive information and are in compliance with all applicable data protection laws and regulations.
unauthorized disclosure of confidential customer, associate or company information could damage our reputation, expose us to litigation and negatively impact our business.
we collect, process and retain sensitive and confidential customer and associate information as part of our normal course of business. we rely on commercially available systems, software, tools and monitoring to provide security for processing, transmission and storage of confidential information. despite the security measures we have in place, our systems and those of our third party service providers, may be vulnerable to security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, human errors or other similar events. any security breach of customer, associate or company confidential information could result in damage to our reputation and result in lost sales, litigation, fines or additional investments to fix or replace the systems that were breached. any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows.
if we are unable to gauge beauty trends and react to changing consumer preferences in a timely manner, our sales will decrease.
we believe our success depends in substantial part on our ability to:
Ÿ   recognize and define product and beauty trends;

Ÿ   anticipate, gauge and react to changing consumer demands in a timely manner;

Ÿ   translate market trends into appropriate, saleable product and service offerings in our stores and salons in advance of our competitors;

Ÿ   develop and maintain vendor relationships that provide us access to the newest merchandise on reasonable terms; and

Ÿ   distribute merchandise to our stores in an efficient and effective manner and maintain appropriate in-stock levels.

if we are unable to anticipate and fulfill the merchandise needs of the consumer, our net sales may decrease and we may be forced to increase markdowns of slow-moving merchandise, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows.
if we fail to retain our existing senior management team or attract qualified new personnel, such failure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows.
our business requires disciplined execution at all levels of our organization. this execution requires an experienced and talented management team. mary dillon was appointed chief executive officer and a member of the board of directors effective july 1, 2013 and scott settersten was appointed chief financial officer and assistant secretary effective march 12, 2013. if we were to lose the benefit of the experience, efforts and abilities of key executive personnel, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows. furthermore, our ability to manage our retail expansion will require us to continue to train, motivate and manage our associates. we will need to attract, motivate and retain additional qualified executive, managerial and merchandising personnel and store associates. competition for this type of personnel is intense, and we may not be successful in attracting, assimilating and retaining the personnel required to grow and operate our business profitably.
15
our comparable sales and quarterly financial performance may fluctuate for a variety of reasons, which could result in a decline in the price of our common stock.
our comparable sales and quarterly results of operations have fluctuated in the past, and we expect them to continue to fluctuate in the future. a variety of factors affect our comparable sales and quarterly financial performance, including:
Ÿ   general u.s. economic conditions and, in particular, the retail sales environment;

Ÿ   changes in our merchandising strategy or mix;

Ÿ   performance of our new and remodeled stores;

Ÿ   the effectiveness of our inventory management;

Ÿ   timing and concentration of new store openings, including additional human resource requirements and related pre-opening and other start-up costs;

Ÿ   cannibalization of existing store sales by new store openings;

Ÿ   levels of pre-opening expenses associated with new stores;

Ÿ   timing and effectiveness of our marketing activities;

Ÿ   seasonal fluctuations due to weather conditions; and

Ÿ   actions by our existing or new competitors.

accordingly, our results for any one fiscal quarter are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for any other quarter, and comparable sales for any particular future period may decrease. in that event, the price of our common stock may decline. for more information on our quarterly results of operations, see item 7, “management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.”
our e-commerce business may be unsuccessful.
we offer many of our beauty products for sale through our website. as a result, we encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by internet-based businesses, including risks related to our ability to attract and retain customers on a cost-effective basis and our ability to operate, support, expand and develop our internet operations, website and software and other related operational systems. although we believe that our participation in both e-commerce and physical store sales is a distinct advantage for us due to synergies and the potential for new customers, supporting product offerings through both of these channels could create issues that have the potential to adversely affect our results of operations. for example, if our e-commerce business successfully grows, it may do so in part by attracting existing customers, rather than new customers, who choose to purchase products from us online rather than from our physical stores, thereby reducing the financial performance of our stores. in addition, offering different products through each channel could cause conflicts and cause some of our current or potential internet customers to consider competing distributors of beauty products. in addition, offering products through our internet channel could cause some of our current or potential vendors to consider competing internet offerings of their products either on their own or through competing distributors. as we continue to grow our e-commerce business, the impact of attracting existing rather than new customers, of conflicts between product offerings online and through our stores and of opening up our channels to increased internet competition could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows, including future growth.
we may not be able to sustain our growth plans and successfully implement our long-range strategic and financial plans, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows. in addition, we intend to continue to open new stores, which could strain our resources and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows.
our continued and future growth largely depends on our ability to implement our long-range strategic and financial plans and successfully open and operate new stores on a profitable basis. there can be no assurance that
16
we will be successful in implementing our growth plans or long-range strategic imperatives, and our failure to do so could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows. we intend to continue to grow our number of stores for the foreseeable future. our continued expansion places increased demands on our financial, managerial, operational, supply-chain and administrative resources. for example, our planned expansion will require us to increase the number of people we employ as well as to monitor and upgrade our management information and other systems and our distribution infrastructure. these increased demands and operating complexities could cause us to operate our business less efficiently and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows.
any material disruption of our information systems could negatively impact financial results and materially adversely affect our business operations, particularly during the holiday season.
we are increasingly dependent on a variety of information systems to effectively manage the operations of our growing store base and fulfill customer orders from our e-commerce business. we have identified the need to expand and upgrade our information systems to support recent and expected future growth. the failure of our information systems to perform as designed could have an adverse effect on our business and results of our operations. any material disruption of our systems could disrupt our ability to track, record and analyze the merchandise that we sell and could negatively impact our operations, shipment of goods, ability to process financial information and credit card transactions and our ability to receive and process e-commerce orders or engage in normal business activities. moreover, security breaches or leaks of proprietary information, including leaks of customers’ private data, could result in liability, decrease customer confidence in our company and weaken our ability to compete in the marketplace, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows.
our e-commerce operations are increasingly important to our business. the ulta.com website serves as an effective extension of ulta’s marketing and prospecting strategies (beyond catalogs, newspaper inserts and national advertising) by exposing potential new customers to the ulta brand, product offerings and enhanced content. as the importance of our website and e-commerce operations to our business grows, we are increasingly vulnerable to website downtime and other technical failures. our failure to successfully respond to these risks could reduce e-commerce sales and damage our brand’s reputation.
we are subject to risks relating to our information technology systems, and any failure to adequately protect our critical information technology systems could have a material adverse effect on our operations.
we rely on information technology systems across our operations, including for management, supply chain and financial information and various other processes and transactions. our ability to effectively manage our business depends on the security, reliability and capacity of these systems. information technology system failures, network disruptions or breaches of security could disrupt our operations, causing delays or cancellation of customer orders or impeding the manufacture or shipment of products, processing of transactions or reporting of financial results. an attack or other problem with our systems could also result in the disclosure of proprietary information about our business or confidential information concerning our customers or employees, which could result in significant damage to our business and our reputation.
increased costs or interruption in our third-party vendors’ overseas sourcing operations could disrupt production, shipment or receipt of some of our merchandise, which would result in lost sales and could increase our costs.
we directly source the majority of our gifts with purchase and other promotional products through third-party vendors using foreign factories. in addition, many of our vendors use overseas sourcing to varying degrees to manufacture some or all of their products. any event causing a sudden disruption of manufacturing or imports from such foreign countries, including the imposition of additional import restrictions, unanticipated political changes, increased customs duties, legal or economic restrictions on overseas suppliers’ ability to produce and deliver products, and natural disasters, could materially harm our operations. we have no long-term supply contracts with respect to such foreign-sourced items, many of which are subject to existing or potential duties,
17
tariffs or quotas that may limit the quantity of certain types of goods that may be imported into the united states from such countries. our business is also subject to a variety of other risks generally associated with sourcing goods from abroad, such as political instability, disruption of imports by labor disputes and local business practices. our sourcing operations may also be hurt by health concerns regarding infectious diseases in countries in which our merchandise is produced, adverse weather conditions or natural disasters that may occur overseas or acts of war or terrorism in the united states or worldwide, to the extent these acts affect the production, shipment or receipt of merchandise. our future operations and performance will be subject to these factors, and these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows or may require us to modify our current business practices and incur increased costs.
a reduction in traffic to, or the closing of, the other destination retailers in the shopping areas where our stores are located could significantly reduce our sales and leave us with excess inventory, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows.
as a result of our real estate strategy, most of our stores are located in off-mall shopping areas known as power centers. power centers typically contain three to five big-box anchor stores along with a variety of smaller specialty tenants. as a consequence of most of our stores being located in such shopping areas, our sales are derived, in part, from the volume of traffic generated by the other destination retailers and the anchor stores in power centers where our stores are located. customer traffic to these shopping areas may be adversely affected by the closing of such destination retailers or anchor stores, or by a reduction in traffic to such stores resulting from a regional or global economic downturn, a general downturn in the local area where our store is located, or a decline in the desirability of the shopping environment of a particular power center. such a reduction in customer traffic would reduce our sales and leave us with excess inventory, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. we may respond by increasing markdowns, initiating marketing promotions, or transferring product to other stores to reduce excess inventory, which would further decrease our gross profits and net income. this risk is more pronounced during the recent economic downturn which has resulted in a number of national retailers filing for bankruptcy or closing stores due to depressed consumer spending levels.
diversion of exclusive salon products, or a decision by manufacturers of exclusive salon products to utilize other distribution channels, could negatively impact our revenue from the sale of such products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows.
the retail products that we sell in our salons are meant to be sold exclusively by professional salons and authorized professional retail outlets. however, incidents of product diversion occur, which involve the selling of salon exclusive haircare products to unauthorized channels such as drug stores, grocery stores or mass merchandisers. diversion could result in adverse publicity that harms the commercial prospects of our products (if diverted products are old, tainted or damaged), as well as lower product revenues should consumers choose to purchase diverted product from these channels rather than purchasing from one of our salons. additionally, the various product manufacturers could in the future decide to utilize other distribution channels for such products, therefore widening the availability of these products in other retail channels, which could negatively impact the revenue we earn from the sale of such products.
we rely on our good relationships with vendors to purchase prestige, mass and salon beauty products on reasonable terms. if these relationships were to be impaired, or if certain vendors were to change their distribution model or are unable to supply sufficient merchandise to keep pace with our growth plans, we may not be able to obtain a sufficient selection or volume of merchandise on reasonable terms, and we may not be able to respond promptly to changing trends in beauty products, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows.
we have no long-term supply agreements with vendors and, therefore, our success depends on maintaining good relationships with our vendors. our business depends to a significant extent on the willingness and ability of our vendors to supply us with a sufficient selection and volume of products to stock our stores. some of our prestige vendors may not have the capacity to supply us with sufficient merchandise to keep pace with our growth plans. we also have strategic partnerships with certain core brands, which have allowed us to benefit from the growing
18
popularity of such brands. any of our other core brands could in the future decide to scale back or end its partnership with us and strengthen its relationship with our competitors, which could negatively impact the revenue we earn from the sale of such products. if we fail to maintain strong relationships with our existing vendors, or fail to continue acquiring and strengthening relationships with additional vendors of beauty products, our ability to obtain a sufficient amount and variety of merchandise on reasonable terms may be limited, which could have a negative impact on our competitive position.
during fiscal 2014, merchandise supplied to ulta by our top ten vendors accounted for approximately 50% of our net sales. there continues to be vendor consolidation within the beauty products industry. the loss of or a reduction in the amount of merchandise made available to us by any one of these key vendors, or by any of our other vendors, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows.
if we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, our brand and reputation could be harmed, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows.
we regard our trademarks, trade dress, copyrights, trade secrets, know-how and similar intellectual property as critical to our success. our principal intellectual property rights include registered and common law trademarks on our name, “ulta,” and other marks incorporating that name, copyrights in our website content, rights to our domain name www.ulta.com and trade secrets and know-how with respect to our ulta branded product formulations, product sourcing, sales and marketing and other aspects of our business. as such, we rely on trademark and copyright law, trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements with certain of our employees, consultants, suppliers and others to protect our proprietary rights. if we are unable to protect or preserve the value of our trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets or other proprietary rights for any reason, or if other parties infringe on our intellectual property rights, our brand and reputation could be impaired and we could lose customers.
if our manufacturers are unable to produce products manufactured uniquely for ulta, including ulta branded products and gifts with purchase and other promotional products, consistent with applicable regulatory requirements, we could suffer lost sales and be required to take costly corrective action, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows.
we do not own or operate any manufacturing facilities and therefore depend upon independent third-party vendors for the manufacture of all products manufactured uniquely for ulta, including ulta branded products and gifts with purchase and other promotional products. our third-party manufacturers of ulta products may not maintain adequate controls with respect to product specifications and quality and may not continue to produce products that are consistent with applicable regulatory requirements. if we or our third-party manufacturers fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, we could be required to take costly corrective action. in addition, sanctions under various laws may include seizure of products, injunctions against future shipment of products, restitution and disgorgement of profits, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. the fda does not have a pre-market approval system for cosmetics, and we believe we are permitted to market our cosmetics and have them manufactured without submitting safety or efficacy data to the fda. however, cosmetic products may become subject to more extensive regulation in the future. these events could interrupt the marketing and sale of our ulta products, severely damage our brand reputation and image in the marketplace, increase the cost of our products, cause us to fail to meet customer expectations or cause us to be unable to deliver merchandise in sufficient quantities or of sufficient quality to our stores, any of which could result in lost sales, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows.
we, as well as our vendors, are subject to laws and regulations that could require us to modify our current business practices and incur increased costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows.
in our u.s. markets, numerous laws and regulations at the federal, state and local levels can affect our business. legal requirements are frequently changed and subject to interpretation, and we are unable to predict the ultimate cost of compliance with these requirements or their effect on our operations. if we fail to comply with any present or future laws or regulations, we could be subject to future liabilities, a prohibition on the operation of
19
our stores or a prohibition on the sale of our ulta branded products. in particular, failure to adequately comply with the following legal requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows.
in march 2010, comprehensive healthcare reform legislation under the patient protection and affordable care act and the health care education and affordability reconciliation act (collectively, the “acts”) was passed and signed into law. this healthcare reform legislation significantly expands healthcare coverage to many uninsured individuals and to those already insured. due to the breadth and complexity of the healthcare reform legislation and the staggered implementation and uncertain timing of the regulations and lack of interpretive guidance, it is difficult to predict the overall impact of the healthcare reform legislation on our business over the coming years. possible adverse effects include increased costs, exposure to expanded liability and requirements for us to revise the ways in which we conduct business. for example, the patient protection and affordable care act has imposed new mandates on employers, including a requirement effective january 1, 2014 (which has been extended to january 1, 2015 due to a recent executive order) that employers with 50 or more full-time employees provide “credible” health insurance to employees or pay a financial penalty. given our current health plan design, and assuming the law is implemented without significant changes, these mandates could materially increase our costs. moreover, if we choose to opt out of offering health insurance to our employees, we may become less attractive as an employer and it may be harder for us to compete for qualified employees. additionally, because significant provisions of the acts will become effective on various dates over the next several years, future changes could significantly impact any effects on our business that we previously anticipated.
Ÿ                                     our rapidly expanding workforce, growing in pace with our number of stores, makes us vulnerable to changes in labor and employment laws. in addition, changes in federal and state minimum wage laws and other laws relating to employee benefits could cause us to incur additional wage and benefits costs, which could hurt our profitability and affect our growth strategy.

Ÿ   our salon business is subject to state board regulations and state licensing requirements for our stylists and our salon procedures. failure to maintain compliance with these regulatory and licensing requirements could jeopardize the viability of our salons.

Ÿ                                                          we operate stores in california, which has enacted legislation commonly referred to as “proposition 65” requiring that “clear and reasonable” warnings be given to consumers who are exposed to chemicals known to the state of california to cause cancer or reproductive toxicity. although we have sought to comply with proposition 65 requirements, there can be no assurance that we will not be adversely affected by litigation relating to proposition 65.

in addition, the formulation, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, distribution, sale and storage of our vendors’ products and our ulta products are subject to extensive regulation by various federal agencies, including the fda, the ftc and state attorneys general in the united states. if we, our vendors or the manufacturers of our ulta products fail to comply with those regulations, we could become subject to significant penalties or claims, which could harm our results of operations or our ability to conduct our business. in addition, the adoption of new regulations or changes in the interpretations of existing regulations may result in significant compliance costs or discontinuation of product sales and may impair the marketability of our vendors’ products or our ulta products, resulting in significant loss of net sales. our failure to comply with ftc or state regulations that cover our vendors’ products or our ulta product claims and advertising, including direct claims and advertising by us, may result in enforcement actions and imposition of penalties or otherwise harm the distribution and sale of our products.
as we grow the number of our stores in new cities and states, we are subject to local building codes in an increasing number of local jurisdictions. our failure to comply with local building codes, and the failure of our landlords to obtain certificates of occupancy in a timely manner, could cause delays in our new store openings, which could increase our store opening costs, cause us to incur lost sales and profits and damage our public reputation.
ensuring compliance with local zoning and real estate land use restrictions across numerous jurisdictions is increasingly challenging as we grow the number of our stores in new cities and states. our store leases generally require us to provide a certificate of occupancy with respect to the interior build-out of our stores (landlords
20
generally provide the certificate of occupancy with respect to the shell of the store and the larger shopping area and common areas), and while we strive to remain in compliance with local building codes relating to the interior build out of our stores, the constantly increasing number of local jurisdictions in which we operate makes it increasingly difficult to stay abreast of changes in, and requirements of, local building codes and local building and fire inspectors’ interpretations of such building codes. moreover, our landlords have occasionally been unable, due to the requirements of local zoning laws, to obtain in a timely manner a certificate of occupancy with respect to the shell of our stores and/or the larger shopping centers and/or common areas (which certificate of occupancy is required by local building codes for us to open our store), causing us in some instances to delay store openings. as the number of local building codes and local building and fire inspectors to which we and our landlords are subject to increases, we may be increasingly vulnerable to increased construction costs and delays in store openings caused by our or our landlords’ compliance with local building codes and local building and fire inspectors’ interpretations of such building codes, which increased construction costs and/or delays in store openings could increase our store opening costs, cause us to incur lost sales and profits and damage our public reputation and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows.
our ulta products and salon services may cause unexpected and undesirable side effects that could result in their discontinuance or expose us to lawsuits, either of which could result in unexpected costs and damage to our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows.
unexpected and undesirable side effects caused by our ulta products for which we have not provided sufficient label warnings, or salon services which may have been performed negligently, could result in the discontinuance of sales of our products or of certain salon services or prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the affected products and services. such side effects could also expose us to product liability or negligence lawsuits. any claims brought against us may exceed our existing or future insurance policy coverage or limits. any judgment against us that is in excess of our policy limits would have to be paid from our cash reserves, which would reduce our capital resources. further, we may not have sufficient capital resources to pay a judgment, in which case our creditors could levy against our assets. these events could cause negative publicity regarding our company, brand or products, which could in turn harm our reputation and net sales, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows.
legal proceedings or third-party claims of intellectual property infringement may require us to spend time and money and could prevent us from developing certain aspects of our business operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows.
our technologies, promotional products purchased from third-party vendors, or ulta products or potential products in development may infringe rights under patents, patent applications, trademark, copyright or other intellectual property rights of third parties in the united states and abroad. these third parties could bring claims against us that would cause us to incur substantial expenses and, if successful, could cause us to pay substantial damages. further, if a third party were to bring an intellectual property infringement suit against us, we could be forced to stop or delay development, manufacturing or sales of the product that is the subject of the suit.
as a result of intellectual property infringement claims, or to avoid potential claims, we may choose to seek, or be required to seek, a license from the third party and would most likely be required to pay license fees or royalties or both. these licenses may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. ultimately, we could be prevented from commercializing a product or be forced to cease some aspect of our business operations if, as a result of actual or threatened intellectual property infringement claims, we are unable to enter into licenses on acceptable terms. even if we were able to obtain a license, the rights may be nonexclusive, which would give our competitors access to the same intellectual property. the inability to enter into licenses could harm our business significantly.
in addition to infringement claims against us, we may become a party to other patent or trademark litigation and other proceedings, including interference proceedings declared by the united states patent and trademark office (uspto) proceedings before the uspto’s trademark trial and appeal board and opposition proceedings in the
21
european patent office, regarding intellectual property rights with respect to products purchased from third-party vendors or our ulta branded products and technology. some of our competitors may be able to bear the costs of such litigation or proceedings better than us because of their substantially greater financial resources. uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of intellectual property litigation or other proceedings could impair our ability to compete in the marketplace. intellectual property litigation and other proceedings may also absorb significant management time and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows.
increases in the demand for, or the price of, raw materials used to build and remodel our stores could hurt our profitability.
the raw materials used to build and remodel our stores are subject to availability constraints and price volatility caused by weather, supply conditions, government regulations, general economic conditions and other unpredictable factors. as a retailer engaged in an active building and remodeling program, we are particularly vulnerable to increases in construction and remodeling costs. as a result, increases in the demand for, or the price of, raw materials could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows.
increases in costs of mailing, paper and printing will affect the cost of our catalog and promotional mailings, which will reduce our profitability.
postal rate increases and paper and printing costs affect the cost of our catalog and promotional mailings. in response to any future increases in mailing costs, we may consider reducing the number and size of certain catalog editions. in addition, we rely on discounts from the basic postal rate structure, such as discounts for bulk mailings and sorting by zip code and carrier routes. we are not a party to any long-term contracts for the supply of paper. the cost of paper fluctuates significantly, and our future paper costs are subject to supply and demand forces that we cannot control. future additional increases in postal rates or in paper or printing costs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows.
our secured revolving credit facility contains certain restrictive covenants that could limit our operational flexibility, including our ability to open stores.
we have a $200 million secured revolving credit facility with a term expiring in december 2018. substantially all of our assets are pledged as collateral for outstanding borrowings under the agreement. outstanding borrowings bear interest at the prime rate or libor plus 1.50% and the unused line fee is 0.20%. the credit facility agreement contains usual and customary restrictive covenants relating to our management and the operation of our business. these covenants, among other things, limit our ability to grant liens on our assets, incur additional indebtedness, pay cash dividends and redeem our stock, enter into transactions with affiliates and merge or consolidate with another entity. these covenants could restrict our operational flexibility and any failure to comply with these covenants or our payment obligations would limit our ability to borrow under the credit facility and, in certain circumstances, may allow the lenders thereunder to require repayment.
we may need to raise additional funds to pursue our growth strategy, and we may be unable to raise capital when needed, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows.
from time to time we may seek additional equity or debt financing to provide for capital expenditures and working capital consistent with our growth strategy. in addition, if general economic, financial or political conditions in our markets change, or if other circumstances arise that have a material effect on our cash flow, the anticipated cash needs of our business as well as our belief as to the adequacy of our available sources of capital could change significantly. any of these events or circumstances could result in significant additional funding needs, requiring us to raise additional capital to meet those needs. if financing is not available on satisfactory terms or at all, we may be unable to execute our growth strategy as planned and our results of operations may suffer.
22
failure to maintain adequate financial and management processes and controls could lead to errors in our financial reporting and could harm our ability to manage our expenses.
reporting obligations as a public company and our anticipated growth are likely to place a strain on our financial and management systems, processes and controls, as well as on our personnel. in addition, as a public company we are required to document and test our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 so that our management can periodically certify as to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. as a result, we have been required to improve our financial and managerial controls, reporting systems and procedures and have incurred and will continue to incur expenses to test our systems and to make such improvements. if our management is unable to certify the effectiveness of our internal controls, or if our independent registered public accounting firm cannot render an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting or if material weaknesses in our internal controls are identified, we could be subject to regulatory scrutiny and a loss of public confidence, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and our stock price. in addition, if we do not maintain adequate financial and management personnel, processes and controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial performance on a timely basis, which could cause a decline in our stock price and adversely affect our ability to raise capital.
the market price for our common stock may be volatile, and an investor may not be able to sell our stock at a favorable price or at all.
the market price of our common stock is likely to fluctuate significantly from time to time in response to factors including:
Ÿ   differences between our actual financial and operating results and those expected by investors;

Ÿ   fluctuations in quarterly operating results;

Ÿ   our performance during peak retail seasons such as the holiday season;

Ÿ   market conditions in our industry and the economy as a whole;

Ÿ   changes in the estimates of our operating performance or changes in recommendations by any research analysts that follow our stock or any failure to meet the estimates made by research analysts;

Ÿ   investors’ perceptions of our prospects and the prospects of the beauty products and salon services industries;

Ÿ   the performance of our key vendors;

Ÿ   announcements by us, our vendors or our competitors of significant acquisitions, divestitures, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments;

Ÿ   introductions of new products or new pricing policies by us or by our competitors;

Ÿ   stock transactions by our principal stockholders;

Ÿ   recruitment or departure of key personnel; and

Ÿ   the level and quality of securities research analyst coverage for our common stock.

in addition, public announcements by our competitors, other retailers and vendors concerning, among other things, their performance, strategy or accounting practices could cause the market price of our common stock to decline regardless of our actual operating performance.
use of social media may adversely impact our reputation or subject us to fines or other penalties.
there has been a substantial increase in the use of social media platforms, including blogs, social media websites and other forms of internet-based communications, which allow individuals access to a broad audience of consumers and other interested persons. negative commentary regarding us or the products we sell may be
23
posted on social media platforms and similar devices at any time and may be adverse to our reputation or business. customers value readily available information and often act on such information without further investigation and without regard to its accuracy. the harm may be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction.
we also use social media platforms as marketing tools. for example, we maintain facebook, twitter and pinterest accounts. as laws and regulations rapidly evolve to govern the use of these platforms and devices, the failure by us, our employees or third parties acting at our direction to abide by applicable laws and regulations in the use of these platforms and devices could adversely impact our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows or subject us to fines or other penalties.
anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents, stockholder rights agreement and delaware law may discourage or prevent a change in control, even if a sale of the company would be beneficial to our stockholders, which could cause our stock price to decline and prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management.
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and by-laws contain provisions that may delay or prevent a change in control, discourage bids at a premium over the market price of our common stock and harm the market price of our common stock and diminish the voting and other rights of the holders of our common stock. these provisions include:
Ÿ   dividing our board of directors into three classes serving staggered three-year terms;

Ÿ   authorizing our board of directors to issue preferred stock and additional shares of our common stock without stockholder approval;

Ÿ   prohibiting stockholder actions by written consent;

Ÿ   prohibiting our stockholders from calling a special meeting of stockholders;

Ÿ   prohibiting our stockholders from making certain changes to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws except with a two-thirds majority stockholder approval; and

Ÿ   requiring advance notice for raising business matters or nominating directors at stockholders’ meetings.

as permitted by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and by-laws, we have a stockholder rights agreement, sometimes known as a “poison pill,” which provides for the issuance of a new series of preferred stock to holders of common stock. in the event of a takeover attempt, this preferred stock gives rights to holders of common stock other than the acquirer to buy additional shares of common stock at a discount, leading to the dilution of the acquirer’s stake.
we are also subject to provisions of delaware law that, in general, prohibit any business combination with a beneficial owner of 15% or more of our common stock for three years after the stockholder becomes a 15% stockholder, subject to specified exceptions. together, these provisions of our certificate of incorporation, by-laws and stockholder rights agreement and of delaware law could make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our common stock.
litigation costs and the outcome of litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business and any loss contingency accruals may not be adequate to cover actual losses.
from time to time, we may be subject to litigation claims through the ordinary course of our business operations regarding, but not limited to, employment matters, security of consumer and employee personal information, contractual relations with suppliers, marketing and infringement of trademarks and other intellectual property rights. litigation to defend ourselves against claims by third parties, or to enforce any rights that we may have against third parties, may be necessary, which could result in substantial costs and diversion of our resources, causing a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows. we establish accruals for potential liability arising from legal proceedings when potential liability is probable and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated based on currently available information. we may still incur legal costs
24
for a matter even if we have not accrued a liability. in addition, actual losses may be higher than the amount accrued for a certain matter, or in the aggregate. an unfavorable resolution of a legal proceeding or claim could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows.
management does not believe the nature of any pending legal proceeding will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows. however, management’s assessment may change at any time based upon the discovery of facts or circumstances that are presently not known to us. therefore, there can be no assurance that any pending or future litigation will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, profitability and cash flows.
there can be no assurance that we will declare dividends in the future.
we paid a special cash dividend on may 15, 2012. any future dividend payments will be within the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on, among other things, our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, capital expenditure requirements, contractual restrictions, anticipated cash needs, provisions of applicable law and other factors that our board of directors may deem relevant. we may not have sufficient liquidity in the future to pay dividends on our common stock.
our previously announced stock repurchase program, and any subsequent stock purchase program put in place from time to time, could affect the price of our common stock and increase volatility and may be suspended or terminated at any time, which may result in a decrease in the trading price of our common stock.
we may have in place from time to time, a stock repurchase program. any such stock repurchase program adopted will not obligate the company to repurchase any dollar amount or number of shares of common stock and may be suspended or discontinued at any time, which could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. the timing and actual number of shares repurchased under any such stock repurchase program depends on a variety of factors including the timing of open trading windows, price, corporate and regulatory requirements and other market conditions. repurchases pursuant to any such stock repurchase program could affect our stock price and increase its volatility. the existence of a stock repurchase program could also cause our stock price to be higher than it would be in the absence of such a program and could potentially reduce the market liquidity for our stock. there can be no assurance that any stock repurchases will enhance stockholder value because the market price of our common stock may decline below the levels at which we repurchased shares of common stock. although our stock repurchase program is intended to enhance long-term stockholder value, short-term stock price fluctuations could reduce the program’s effectiveness.
item 7.    management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. this discussion contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended, and the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995, which reflect our current views with respect to, among other things, future events and financial performance. you can identify these forward-looking statements by the use of forward-looking words such as “outlook,” “believes,” “expects,” “plans,” “estimates,” “targets,” “strategies,” or other comparable words. any forward-looking statements contained in this form 10-k are based upon our historical performance and on current plans, estimates and expectations. the inclusion of this forward-looking information should not be regarded as a representation by us or any other person that the future plans, estimates or expectations contemplated by us will be achieved. such forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties, which include, without limitation: the impact of weakness in the economy; changes in the overall level of consumer spending; customer acceptance of our rewards programs and technological and marketing initiatives; changes in the wholesale cost of our products; the possibility that we may be unable to compete effectively in our highly competitive markets; the possibility that our continued opening of new stores could strain our resources and have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance; the possibility that new store openings and existing locations may be impacted by developer or co-tenant issues; the possibility that the capacity of our distribution and order fulfillment infrastructure may not be adequate to support our recent growth and expected future growth plans; the possibility of material disruptions to our information systems; weather conditions that could negatively impact sales; our ability to attract and retain key executive personnel; our ability to successfully execute our common stock repurchase program or implement future common stock repurchase programs; our ability to sustain our growth plans and successfully implement our long-range strategic and financial plan; and other risk factors detailed in our public filings with the securities and exchange commission (the “sec”), including risk factors contained in item 1a, “risk factors” of this annual report on form 10-k for the year ended january 31, 2015. we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or developments. references in the following discussion to “we”, “us”, “our”, “the company”, “ulta”, “ulta beauty” and similar references mean ulta salon, cosmetics & fragrance, inc. and its consolidated subsidiary, ulta inc. unless otherwise expressly stated or the context otherwise requires.
overview we were founded in 1990 as a beauty retailer at a time when prestige, mass and salon products were sold through distinct channels — department stores for prestige products, drug stores and mass merchandisers for mass
33
products and salons and authorized retail outlets for professional hair care products. we developed a unique specialty retail concept by combining one-stop shopping, a compelling value proposition, convenient locations and a welcoming shopping environment. we believe our strategy provides us with the competitive advantages that have contributed to our strong financial performance.
we are currently the largest beauty retailer that provides one-stop shopping for prestige, mass and salon products and salon services in the united states. we focus on providing affordable indulgence to our guests by combining unmatched product breadth, value and convenience with the distinctive environment and experience of a specialty retailer. key aspects of our business include our ability to offer our guests a unique combination of more than 20,000 beauty products across the categories of prestige and mass cosmetics, fragrance, haircare, skincare, bath and body products and salon styling tools. we also offer a full-service salon and a wide range of salon haircare products in all of our stores. we focus on delivering a compelling value proposition to our guests across all of our product categories. our stores are predominantly located in convenient, high-traffic locations such as power centers.
the continued growth of our business and any future increases in net sales, net income and cash flows is dependent on our ability to execute our six strategic imperatives: 1) acquire new guests and deepen loyalty with existing guests, 2) differentiate by delivering a distinctive and personalized guest experience across all channels, 3) offer relevant, innovative and often exclusive products that excite our guests, 4) deliver exceptional services in three core areas: hair, skin health and brows, 5) grow stores and e-commerce to reach and serve more guests and 6) invest in infrastructure to support our guest experience and growth, and capture scale efficiencies. we believe that the expanding u.s. beauty products and salon services industry, the shift in distribution channel of prestige beauty products from department stores to specialty retail stores, coupled with ulta’s competitive strengths, positions us to capture additional market share in the industry.
comparable sales is a key metric that is monitored closely within the retail industry. our comparable sales have fluctuated in the past and we expect them to continue to fluctuate in the future. a variety of factors affect our comparable sales, including general u.s. economic conditions, changes in merchandise strategy or mix and timing and effectiveness of our marketing activities, among others.
over the long-term, our growth strategy is to increase total net sales through increases in our comparable sales, by opening new stores and by increasing sales in our e-commerce channel. operating profit is expected to increase as a result of our ability to expand merchandise margin and leverage our fixed store costs with comparable sales increases and operating efficiencies offset by incremental investments in people, systems and supply chain required to support a 1,200 store chain with a successful e-commerce business and competitive omni-channel capabilities.
global economic conditions economic conditions in the u.s. continue to be uneven. fiscal stress in europe and economic uncertainty in the u.s. related to deficit issues, potential tax increases and federal spending cuts have resulted in significant fluctuations in the financial markets. while the u.s. credit markets have stabilized and credit availability has improved compared to the recent recessionary period, economic growth is expected to continue to be weak. consumer spending habits are affected by levels of unemployment, unsettled financial markets, weakness in housing and real estate, higher interest rates, fuel and energy costs and consumer perception of economic conditions, among others. sudden negative changes in one or more of the factors that affect consumer spending could adversely affect consumer spending levels which could lead to reduced consumer demand for our merchandise and adversely affect our sales levels and financial performance.
basis of presentation we have determined the operating segments on the same basis that we use to internally evaluate performance. we have combined our three operating segments: retail stores, salon services and e-commerce, into one reportable segment because they have a similar class of consumer, economic characteristics, nature of products and distribution methods.
34
net sales include store and e-commerce merchandise sales as well as salon service revenue. we recognize merchandise revenue at the point of sale in our retail stores and e-commerce sales are recorded based on delivery of merchandise to the customer. merchandise sales are recorded net of estimated returns. salon service revenue is recognized at the time the service is provided. gift card sales revenue is deferred until the customer redeems the gift card. company coupons and other incentives are recorded as a reduction of net sales.
comparable sales reflect sales for stores beginning on the first day of the 14th month of operation. therefore, a store is included in our comparable store base on the first day of the period after one year of operations plus the initial one month grand opening period. non-comparable store sales include sales from new stores that have not yet completed their 13th month of operation and stores that were closed for part or all of the period in either year as a result of remodel activity. remodeled stores are included in comparable sales unless the store was closed for a portion of the current or prior period. comparable sales include the company’s e-commerce business. there may be variations in the way in which some of our competitors and other retailers calculate comparable or same store sales.
measuring comparable sales allows us to evaluate the performance of our store base as well as several other aspects of our overall strategy. several factors could positively or negatively impact our comparable sales results:
Ÿ   the general national, regional and local economic conditions and corresponding impact on customer spending levels;

Ÿ   the introduction of new products or brands;

Ÿ   the location of new stores in existing store markets;

Ÿ   competition;

Ÿ   our ability to respond on a timely basis to changes in consumer preferences;

Ÿ   the effectiveness of our various marketing activities; and

Ÿ   the number of new stores opened and the impact on the average age of all of our comparable stores.

cost of sales includes:
Ÿ   the cost of merchandise sold, including substantially all vendor allowances, which are treated as a reduction of merchandise costs;

Ÿ   warehousing and distribution costs including labor and related benefits, freight, rent, depreciation and amortization, real estate taxes, utilities and insurance;

Ÿ   store occupancy costs including rent, depreciation and amortization, real estate taxes, utilities, repairs and maintenance, insurance, licenses and cleaning expenses;

Ÿ   salon payroll and benefits;

Ÿ   customer loyalty program expense; and

Ÿ   shrink and inventory valuation reserves.

our cost of sales may be negatively impacted as we open an increasing number of stores. changes in our merchandise mix may also have an impact on cost of sales. this presentation of items included in cost of sales may not be comparable to the way in which our competitors or other retailers compute their cost of sales.
selling, general and administrative expenses include:
Ÿ   payroll, bonus and benefit costs for retail and corporate employees;

Ÿ   advertising and marketing costs;

Ÿ   occupancy costs related to our corporate office facilities;

Ÿ   stock-based compensation expense;

35
Ÿ   depreciation and amortization for all assets except those related to our retail and warehouse operations, which is included in cost of sales; and

Ÿ   legal, finance, information systems and other corporate overhead costs.

this presentation of items in selling, general and administrative expenses may not be comparable to the way in which our competitors or other retailers compute their selling, general and administrative expenses.
pre-opening expense includes non-capital expenditures during the period prior to store opening for new, remodeled and relocated stores including rent during the construction period for new and relocated stores, store set-up labor, management and employee training and grand opening advertising.
interest expense includes interest costs and unused facility fees associated with our credit facility, which is structured as an asset-based lending instrument. our credit facility interest is based on a variable interest rate structure which can result in increased cost in periods of rising interest rates. interest income represents interest from short-term investments with maturities of twelve months or less from the date of purchase.
income tax expense reflects the federal statutory tax rate and the weighted average state statutory tax rate for the states in which we operate stores.
results of operations our fiscal years are the 52 or 53 week periods ending on the saturday closest to january 31. the company’s fiscal years ended january 31, 2015, february 1, 2014 and february 2, 2013 were 52, 52 and 53 week years, respectively, and are hereafter referred to as fiscal 2014, fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012.
as of january 31, 2015, we operated 774 stores across 47 states. the following tables present the components of our consolidated results of operations for the periods indicated:
fiscal year ended
(dollars in thousands)                               january 31,                 february 1,                 february 2,
2015                        2014                        2013
net sales                                             $3,241,369                  $2,670,573                  $2,220,256
cost of sales                                          2,104,582                   1,729,325                   1,436,582
gross profit                                           1,136,787                     941,248                     783,674
selling, general and administrative expenses             712,006                     596,390                     488,880
pre-opening expenses                                      14,366                      17,270                      14,816
operating income                                         410,415                     327,588                     279,978
interest (income) expense, net                              (894   )                    (118   )                     185
income before income taxes                               411,309                     327,706                     279,793
income tax expense                                       154,174                     124,857                     107,244
net income                                              $257,135                    $202,849                    $172,549
other operating data:
number of stores end of period                               774                         675                         550
comparable sales increase:
retail and salon comparable sales                            8.1   %                     6.1   %                     8.8   %
e-commerce comparable sales                                 56.4   %                    76.6   %                    30.7   %
total comparable sales increase                              9.9   %                     7.9   %                     9.3   %
36
fiscal year ended
(percentage of net sales)                        january 31,             february 1,             february 2,
2015                    2014                    2013
net sales                                              100.0   %               100.0   %               100.0   %
cost of sales                                           64.9   %                64.8   %                64.7   %
gross profit                                            35.1   %                35.2   %                35.3   %
selling, general and administrative expenses            22.0   %                22.3   %                22.0   %
pre-opening expenses                                     0.4   %                 0.6   %                 0.7   %
operating income                                        12.7   %                12.3   %                12.6   %
interest (income) expense, net                           0.0   %                 0.0   %                 0.0   %
income before income taxes                              12.7   %                12.3   %                12.6   %
income tax expense                                       4.8   %                 4.7   %                 4.8   %
net income                                               7.9   %                 7.6   %                 7.8   %
fiscal year 2014 versus fiscal year 2013
net sales net sales increased $570.8 million, or 21.4%, to $3,241.4 million in fiscal 2014 compared to $2,670.6 million in fiscal 2013. salon service sales increased $29.7 million, or 20.4% to $175.5 million compared to $145.8 million in fiscal 2013. e-commerce sales increased $54.1 million, or 56.4%, to $149.9 million compared to $95.8 million in fiscal 2013. the net sales increases are due to the opening of 99 net new stores in 2014 and a 9.9% increase in comparable sales. non-comparable stores, which include stores opened in fiscal 2014 as well as stores opened in fiscal 2013 which have not yet turned comparable, contributed $312.3 million of the net sales increase while comparable stores contributed $258.5 million of the total net sales increase.
the 9.9% comparable sales increase consisted of a 8.1% increase at the company’s retail and salon stores and a 56.4% increase in the company’s e-commerce business. the salon business contributed 10 basis points to the retail and salon comp of 8.1%. the inclusion of the e-commerce business resulted in an increase of approximately 180 basis points to the company’s consolidated same store sales calculation for fiscal 2014 and 2013. the total comparable sales increase included a 4.3% increase in average ticket and a 5.6% increase in transaction. we attribute the increase in comparable sales to our successful marketing and merchandising strategies.
gross profit gross profit increased $195.6 million, or 20.8%, to $1,136.8 million in fiscal 2014, compared to $941.2 million, in fiscal 2013. gross profit as a percentage of net sales decreased 10 basis points to 35.1% in fiscal 2014 compared to 35.2% in fiscal 2013. the decrease in gross profit margin in fiscal 2014 was primarily due to 10 basis points of deleverage in merchandise margins driven primarily by product and channel mix shifts and converting the remaining 50% of our loyalty program members to the ultamate rewards loyalty program.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expenses increased $115.6 million, or 19.4%, to $712.0 million in fiscal 2014 compared to $596.4 million in fiscal 2013. as a percentage of net sales, sg&a expenses decreased 30 basis points to 22.0% in fiscal 2014 compared to 22.3% in fiscal 2013. the leverage in sg&a expenses is primarily attributed to:
Ÿ   60 basis points in variable store and marketing expense leverage attributed to cost efficiencies and higher sales volume; offset by

Ÿ   30 basis points deleverage in corporate overhead expense primarily driven by higher variable compensation, consulting and depreciation expense.

37
pre-opening expenses pre-opening expenses decreased $2.9 million, or 16.8%, to $14.4 million in fiscal 2014 compared to $17.3 million in fiscal 2013. during fiscal 2014, we opened 100 new stores, remodeled 9 stores and relocated 2 stores. during fiscal 2013, we opened 127 new stores and remodeled 7 stores and relocated 4 stores.
interest income and expense net interest income was $0.9 million in fiscal 2014, compared to $0.1 million in fiscal 2013. interest income results from short-term investments with maturities of twelve months or less from the date of purchase. interest expense represents various fees related to the credit facility. we did not utilize our credit facility during fiscal 2014 or 2013.
income tax expense income tax expense of $154.2 million in fiscal 2014 represents an effective tax rate of 37.5%, compared to fiscal 2013 tax expense of $124.9 million and an effective tax rate of 38.1%. the lower tax rate in fiscal 2014 is primarily due to a decrease in state taxes compared to fiscal 2013.
net income net income increased $54.3 million, or 26.8%, to $257.1 million in fiscal 2014 compared to $202.8 million in fiscal 2013. the increase in net income was primarily due to an increase in gross profit of $195.6 million, which was offset by a $115.6 million increase in sg&a expenses and a $29.3 million increase in income tax expense.
fiscal year 2013 versus fiscal year 2012
net sales net sales increased $450.3 million, or 20.3%, to $2,670.6 million in fiscal 2013 compared to $2,220.3 million in fiscal 2012. salon service sales increased $24.4 million, or 20.1% to $145.8 million compared to $121.4 million in fiscal 2012. e-commerce sales increased $40.7 million, or 73.9%, to $95.8 million compared to $55.1 million in fiscal 2012. the net sales increases are due to the opening of 125 net new stores in 2013 and a 7.9% increase in comparable store sales. non-comparable stores, which include stores opened in fiscal 2013 as well as stores opened in fiscal 2012 which have not yet turned comparable, contributed $283.0 million of the net sales increase while comparable stores contributed $167.3 million of the total net sales increase. the sales for the 53rd week of fiscal 2012 were approximately $55 million.
the 7.9% comparable store sales increase consisted of a 6.1% increase at the company’s retail and salon stores and a 76.6% increase in the company’s e-commerce business. the salon business contributed 10 basis points to the retail and salon comp of 6.1%. the inclusion of the e-commerce business resulted in an increase of approximately 180 basis points to the company’s consolidated same store sales calculation for fiscal 2013 compared to 50 basis points for fiscal 2012. the total comparable store sales increase included a 6.9% increase in average ticket and a 1.0% increase in traffic. we attribute the increase in comparable store sales to our successful marketing and merchandising strategies.
gross profit gross profit increased $157.5 million, or 20.1%, to $941.2 million in fiscal 2013, compared to $783.7 million, in fiscal 2012. gross profit as a percentage of net sales decreased 10 basis points to 35.2% in fiscal 2013 compared to 35.3% in fiscal 2012. the decrease in gross profit margin in fiscal 2013 was primarily driven by:
Ÿ   40 basis points deleverage in merchandise margins due mainly to changes in marketing and merchandising strategies; offset by

Ÿ   20 basis point leverage in supply chain due to operating efficiencies; and

Ÿ   10 basis points of leverage in fixed store costs attributed to the impact of higher sales levels in fiscal 2013.

38
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expenses increased $107.5 million, or 22.0%, to $596.4 million in fiscal 2013 compared to $488.9 million in fiscal 2012. as a percentage of net sales, sg&a expenses increased 30 basis points to 22.3% in fiscal 2013 compared to 22.0% in fiscal 2012. the 30 basis point deleverage in sg&a expense was primarily driven by the planned investments in supply chain, e-commerce and store labor to support rapid growth.
pre-opening expenses pre-opening expenses increased $2.5 million, or 16.6%, to $17.3 million in fiscal 2013 compared to $14.8 million in fiscal 2012. during fiscal 2013, we opened 127 new stores, remodeled 7 stores and relocated 4 stores. during fiscal 2012, we opened 102 new stores and remodeled 21 stores and relocated 3 stores.
interest income and expense interest income was $0.1 million in fiscal 2013 and interest expense was $0.2 million in fiscal 2012. interest income results from highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less from the date of purchase. interest expense represents various fees related to the credit facility. we did not utilize our credit facility during fiscal 2013 or 2012.
income tax expense income tax expense of $124.9 million in fiscal 2013 represents an effective tax rate of 38.1%, compared to fiscal 2012 tax expense of $107.2 million and an effective tax rate of 38.3%. the lower tax rate in fiscal 2013 is primarily due to a decrease in state taxes compared to fiscal 2012.
net income net income increased $30.3 million, or 17.6%, to $202.8 million in fiscal 2013 compared to $172.5 million in fiscal 2012. the increase in net income was primarily due to an increase in gross profit of $157.5 million, which was offset by a $107.5 million increase in sg&a expenses and a $17.7 million increase in income tax expense.
liquidity and capital resources our primary cash needs are for capital expenditures for new, relocated and remodeled stores, increased merchandise inventories related to store expansion, supply chain improvements, share repurchases and for continued improvement in our information technology systems.
our primary sources of liquidity are cash on hand and cash flows from operations, including changes in working capital, and borrowings under our credit facility. the most significant component of our working capital is merchandise inventories reduced by related accounts payable and accrued expenses. our working capital position benefits from the fact that we generally collect cash from sales to customers the same day, or within several days of the related sale, while we typically have up to 30 days to pay our vendors.
our working capital needs are greatest from august through november each year as a result of our inventory build-up during this period for the approaching holiday season. this is also the time of year when we are at maximum investment levels in our new store class and may not have collected all of the landlord allowances due to us as part of our lease agreements. based on past performance and current expectations, we believe that cash on hand, cash generated from operations and borrowings under the credit facility will satisfy the company’s working capital needs, capital expenditure needs, commitments and other liquidity requirements through at least the next 12 months.
39
the following table presents a summary of our cash flows for fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012:
fiscal year ended
(in thousands)                                         january 31,                february 1,                february 2,
2015                       2014                       2013
net cash provided by operating activities              $396,592                   $327,725                   $239,001
purchases of short-term investments                            (200,209   )                      —                          —
proceeds from short-term investments                             50,000                          —                          —
purchases of property and equipment                            (249,067   )               (226,024   )               (188,578   )
net cash used in investing activities                          (399,276   )               (226,024   )               (188,578   )
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities             (27,643   )                 (2,700   )                 16,314
net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents   $(30,327           )       $99,001                    $66,737
operating activities operating activities consist of net income adjusted for certain non-cash items, including depreciation and amortization, non-cash stock-based compensation, realized gains or losses on disposal of property and equipment and the effect of working capital changes.
merchandise inventories were $581.2 million at january 31, 2015, compared to $457.9 million at february 1, 2014, representing an increase of $123.3 million or 26.9%. average inventory per store increased 10.7% compared to prior year. the increase in inventory is primarily due to the following:
Ÿ   approximately $67 million due to the addition of 99 net new stores opened since february 1, 2014; and

Ÿ   approximately $56 million related to new brand additions, boutiques and investments to improve store in-stock levels.

we had a current tax liability of $19.4 million at the end of fiscal 2014 compared to $15.3 million at the end of fiscal 2013. the increase in taxes payable is primarily due to an increase in taxable income.
deferred rent liabilities were $294.1 million at january 31, 2015, an increase of $32.5 million compared to the prior year end. deferred rent includes deferred construction allowances, future rental increases and rent holidays which are all recognized on a straight-line basis over their respective lease term. the increase is primarily due to the addition of 99 net new stores opened since february 1, 2014.
investing activities we have historically used cash primarily for new and remodeled stores, supply chain investments, short-term investments and investments in information technology systems. investment activities for capital expenditures were $249.1 million in fiscal 2014, compared to $226.0 million and $188.6 million in fiscal 2013 and 2012, respectively. capital expenditures increased in fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013 due to investments in supply chain initiatives, partially offset by the decrease in the number of new store openings during 2014. during fiscal 2014 we opened 100 new stores, remodeled 9 stores and relocated 2 stores, compared to 127 new stores, 7 remodels and 4 relocations during fiscal 2013 and 102 new stores, 21 remodels and 3 relocations during fiscal 2012. during fiscal 2014, the average investment required to open a new ulta store was approximately $1.1 million, which includes capital investment net of landlord contributions, pre-opening expenses and initial inventory net of payables. the average investment required to remodel an ulta store was approximately $1.1 million. purchases of short-term investments were $150.2 million during fiscal 2014 and consist of certificates of deposit with maturities of twelve months or less from the date of purchase.
40
capital expenditures for fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012 and planned fiscal 2015 by major category are as follows:
2015                   fiscal          fiscal          fiscal
(in millions)                             budget   2014            2013            2012
new, remodeled, relocated stores            $121            $125            $140            $124
merchandising                                 56              19              18              19
information systems                           54              45              41              30
supply chain                                  49              46              10               5
store maintenance &amp; other                 17              14              17              11
$297            $249            $226            $189
our future investments will depend primarily on the number of new, relocated and remodeled stores, supply chain investments and information technology systems that we undertake and the timing of these expenditures. based on past performance and current expectations, we expect to self-fund future capital expenditures. we expect to spend approximately $297 million for capital expenditures in fiscal 2015. in 2014, we embarked on a multi-year supply chain project which will include adding additional capacity, including a fourth distribution center expected to open in 2015, a fifth distribution center expected to open in 2016 and system improvements to support expanded omni-channel capabilities. the 2015 merchandising capital increase reflects expansion of prestige boutiques and related in-store merchandising upgrades.
financing activities financing activities in fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012 consist principally of capital stock transactions and the related income tax effects, a dividend payment and our stock repurchase program. purchase of treasury shares in fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012 represents the fair value of common shares repurchased from plan participants in connection with shares withheld to satisfy minimum statutory tax obligations upon the vesting of restricted stock.
we had no borrowings outstanding under our credit facility at the end of fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012. the zero outstanding borrowings position is due to a combination of factors including strong sales growth, overall performance of management initiatives including expense control as well as inventory and other working capital reductions. we may require borrowings under the facility from time to time in future periods to support our new store program and seasonal inventory needs.
dividend on march 8, 2012, we announced that our board of directors had declared a $1.00 per share special cash dividend to shareholders of record as of the close of business on march 20, 2012. the special cash dividend totaling $62.5 million was paid on may 15, 2012.
our board of directors may determine future dividends after giving consideration to our levels of profit and cash flow, capital requirements, current and future liquidity, restrictions included as part of our credit facility as well as financial and other conditions existing at the time.
share repurchase plan on march 18, 2013, we announced that our board of directors had authorized a share repurchase program (the 2013 share repurchase program) pursuant to which the company could repurchase up to $150 million of the company’s common stock. repurchases pursuant to the 2013 share repurchase program were made from time to time in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, at prices the company deemed appropriate and subject to market conditions, applicable law and other factors deemed relevant in the company’s sole discretion. the 2013 share repurchase program did not have an expiration date, but provided for suspension or discontinuation at any time.
on september 11, 2014, we announced that our board of directors authorized a new share repurchase program (the 2014 share repurchase program) pursuant to which the company may repurchase up to $300 million of the
41
company’s common stock. the 2014 share repurchase program authorization revokes the previously authorized but unused amounts of $112.7 million from the 2013 share repurchase program. the 2014 share repurchase program does not have an expiration date and may be suspended or discontinued at any time. on march 12, 2015, we announced that our board of directors authorized an increase of $100 million to the 2014 share repurchase program effective march 17, 2015.
during fiscal year 2013, we purchased 500,500 shares of common stock for $37.3 million at an average price of $74.58 from the 2013 share repurchase program. during fiscal 2014, we purchased 321,113 shares of common stock for $39.9 million at an average price of $124.31 from the 2014 share repurchase program.
credit facility on october 19, 2011, we entered into an amended and restated loan and security agreement (the loan agreement) with wells fargo bank, national association, as administrative agent, collateral agent and a lender thereunder, wells fargo capital finance llc as a lender, j.p. morgan securities llc as a lender, jp morgan chase bank, n.a. as a lender and pnc bank, national association, as a lender. the loan agreement amended and restated the loan and security agreement, dated as of august 31, 2010, by and among the lenders. the loan agreement extends the maturity of the company’s credit facility to october 2016, provides maximum revolving loans equal to the lesser of $200,000 or a percentage of eligible owned inventory, contains a $10,000 subfacility for letters of credit and allows the company to increase the revolving facility by an additional $50,000, subject to consent by each lender and other conditions. the loan agreement contains a requirement to maintain a minimum amount of excess borrowing availability at all times.
on september 5, 2012, we entered into amendment no. 1 to the amended and restated loan and security agreement (the amendment) with the lender group. the amendment updated certain administrative terms and conditions and provides us greater flexibility to take certain corporate actions. there were no changes to the revolving loan amounts available, interest rates, covenants or maturity date under terms of the loan agreement.
on december 6, 2013, we entered into amendment no. 2 to the amended and restated loan and security agreement (the loan amendment) with the lender group. the loan amendment extends the maturity of the facility to december 2018. substantially all of the company’s assets are pledged as collateral for outstanding borrowings under the facility. outstanding borrowings will bear interest at the prime rate or libor plus 1.50% and the unused line fee is 0.20%.
as of january 31, 2015 and february 1, 2014, we had no borrowings outstanding under the credit facility and the company was in compliance with all terms and covenants of the agreement.
seasonality our business is subject to seasonal fluctuation. significant portions of our net sales and profits are realized during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year due to the holiday selling season. to a lesser extent, our business is also affected by mothers’ day as well as the “back to school” season and valentine’s day. any decrease in sales during these higher sales volume periods could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results for the entire fiscal year. our quarterly results of operations have varied in the past and are likely to do so again in the future. as such, we believe that period-to-period comparisons of our results of operations should not be relied upon as an indication of our future performance.
impact of inflation and changing prices although we do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on our financial position or results of operations to date, a high rate of inflation in the future may have an adverse effect on our ability to maintain current levels of gross margin and selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales if the selling prices of our products do not increase with these increased costs. in addition, inflation could materially increase the interest rates on our potential future debt.
42
off-balance sheet arrangements as of january 31, 2015, we have not entered into any “off-balance sheet” arrangements, as that term is described by the sec. we do however, have off-balance sheet operating leases and purchases obligations incurred in the ordinary course of business as indicated within the contractual obligations table below.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our contractual arrangements and the timing and effect that such commitments are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in future periods. the table below excludes variable expenses related to contingent rent, common area maintenance, insurance and real estate taxes. the table below includes obligations for executed agreements for which we do not yet have the right to control the use of the property as of january 31, 2015:
(in thousands)                   total            less than             1 to 3        3 to 5   after 5
1 year                 years         years   years operating lease obligations(1)   $1,602,917       $214,479            $426,102      $362,794   $599,542
purchase obligations                     34,521          29,552          4,969             —          —
(1)   variable operating lease obligations related to common area maintenance, insurance and real estate taxes are not included in the table above. total expenses related to common area maintenance, insurance and real estate taxes for fiscal 2014 were $44.0 million.

we lease retail stores, warehouses, corporate offices and certain equipment under operating leases with various expiration dates through fiscal 2027. our store leases generally have initial lease terms of 10 years and include renewal options under substantially the same terms and conditions as the original leases. in addition to future minimum lease payments, most of our lease agreements include escalating rent provisions which we recognize straight-line over the term of the lease, including any lease renewal periods deemed to be probable. for certain locations, we receive cash tenant allowances and we report these amounts as deferred rent, which is amortized on a straight-line basis as a reduction of rent expense over the term of the lease, including any lease renewal periods deemed to be probable. while a number of our store leases include contingent rentals, contingent rent amounts are insignificant.
purchase obligations reflect legally binding agreements entered into by the company to purchase goods or services. the amount of purchase obligations relate to commitments made to a third party for products and services for future distribution centers for which a lease had been signed, advertising and other goods and service contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business as of january 31, 2015.
as of january 31, 2015, the unrecognized tax benefit was $1.4 million, which is not included in the above table due to uncertainty regarding the realization and timing of the related future cash flows, if any.
critical accounting policies and estimates management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap). the preparation of these financial statements required the use of estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of our assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. management bases estimates on historical experience and other assumptions it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances and evaluates these estimates on an on-going basis. actual results may differ from these estimates. a discussion of our more significant estimates follows. management has discussed the development, selection and disclosure of these estimates and assumptions with the audit committee of the board of directors.
inventory valuation merchandise inventories are carried at the lower of average cost or market value. cost is determined using the weighted-average cost method and includes costs incurred to purchase and distribute goods as well as related
43
vendor allowances including co-op advertising, markdowns and volume discounts. we record valuation adjustments to our inventories if the cost of a specific product on hand exceeds the amount we expect to realize from the ultimate sale or disposal of the inventory. these estimates are based on management’s judgment regarding future demand, age of inventory and analysis of historical experience. if actual demand or market conditions are different than those projected by management, future merchandise margin rates may be unfavorably or favorably affected by adjustments to these estimates.
inventories are adjusted for the results of periodic physical inventory counts at each of our locations. we record a shrink reserve representing management’s estimate of inventory losses by location that have occurred since the date of the last physical count. this estimate is based on management’s analysis of historical results and operating trends.
we do not believe that there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to calculate our lower of cost or market or shrink reserves. adjustments to earnings resulting from revisions to management’s estimates of the lower of cost or market and shrink reserves have been insignificant during fiscal 2014, 2013 and 2012. a change in the lower of cost or market reserve of 10% would have had no material impact on our pre-tax income for fiscal 2014. a change in the shrink rate included in the shrink reserve calculation of 10% would have had no material impact on our pre-tax income for fiscal 2014.
vendor allowances the majority of cash consideration received from a supplier is considered to be a reduction of the cost of the related products and is reflected in cost of sales in our consolidated statements of income as the related products are sold unless it is in exchange for an asset or service or a reimbursement of a specific, incremental, identifiable cost incurred by the company in selling the vendors’ products. we estimate the amount recorded as a reduction of inventory at the end of each period, based on a detailed analysis of inventory turns and management’s analysis of the facts and circumstances of the various contractual agreements with vendors. we record cash consideration expected to be received from vendors in net receivables at the amount we expect to collect. we do not believe that there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to calculate our reduction of inventory. a change in inventory turns of 5 basis points would have affected pre-tax income by approximately $2.4 million in fiscal 2014.
impairment of long-lived tangible assets we review long-lived tangible assets whenever events or circumstances indicate these assets might not be recoverable based on undiscounted future cash flows. assets are reviewed at the store level, which is the lowest level for which cash flows can be identified. significant estimates are used in determining future operating results of each store over its remaining lease term. if such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets. we do not believe that there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to calculate our impairment charges. we have not recorded any significant impairment charges in any of the periods presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
customer loyalty program we maintain a customer loyalty program, ultamate rewards, in which program members earn points based on purchases. points earned by members are valid for at least one year and may be redeemed on any product we sell. we accrue the cost of anticipated redemptions related to this program at the time of the initial purchase based on historical experience. we do not believe that there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to calculate our redemption rates. if our redemption rate were to change by 5%, it would have affected pre-tax income by approximately $3.2 million in fiscal 2014.
share-based compensation we account for share-based compensation in accordance with the accounting standards codificationtm (asc) rules for stock compensation. share-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date, based on the fair value of the award, and is recognized on a straight-line method over the requisite service period for awards expected to vest.
44
we estimate the grant date fair value of stock options using a black-scholes valuation model. for fiscal 2014 and 2013, the expected volatility was based on the historical volatility of the ulta common shares. the risk free interest rate was based on the united states treasury yield curve in effect on the date of grant for the respective expected life of the option. the expected life represents the time the options granted are expected to be outstanding. for fiscal 2014 and 2013, the expected life of options granted was derived from historical data on ulta stock option exercises. the historical exercise data is updated on an annual basis and the changes have not had a material impact on the calculation in any years presented. during fiscal 2013, we made changes to update the valuation assumptions to company specific information. these changes had no material impact on the calculation. prior to 2013, we had limited historical data related to exercise behavior since our initial public offering on october 30, 2007. as a result, we elected to use the shortcut approach to determine the expected life in accordance with the sec staff accounting bulletin on share-based payments and the expected volatility was based on the historical volatility of a peer group of publicly-traded companies.
beginning in fiscal 2013, we introduced a forfeiture rate. forfeitures of options are estimated at the grant date based on historical rates of the company’s stock option activity and reduce the compensation expense recognized. the forfeiture rate is updated on an annual basis and the changes have not had a material impact on compensation expense recognized in any years presented. we do not believe that there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the future estimates or assumptions we use to calculate our grant date fair value of stock options or forfeiture rate.
see note 2 to our consolidated financial statements, “summary of significant accounting policies — share-based compensation,” for disclosure related to the company’s stock compensation expense. see note 10 to our consolidated financial statements, “share-based awards,” for disclosure related to our stock compensation expense and related valuation model assumptions.
recent accounting pronouncements in may 2014, the financial accounting standards board issued accounting standards update no. 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers, issued as a new topic, accounting standards codification topic 606. the new revenue recognition standard provides a five-step analysis of transactions to determine when and how revenue is recognized. the core principle is that we will recognize revenue when we transfer promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. this standard is effective beginning in fiscal year 2017 and allows for either full retrospective or modified retrospective adoption. we are currently evaluating the application method and the impact of this new standard on its consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
