item 1a. risk factors this section discusses the most significant factors that affect our business, operations and financial condition. it does not describe all risks and uncertainties applicable to us, our industry or ownership of our securities. if any of the following risks, as well as other risks and uncertainties that are not yet identified or that we currently think are not material, actually occur, we could be materially adversely affected. in that event, the value of our securities could decline.
we group these risk factors into three categories:
•          risks arising from our business;
•          risks arising from our capital structure; and
•          risks arising from our status as a reit.
risks arising from our business
30
our investments in and acquisitions of health care and seniors housing properties may be unsuccessful or fail to meet our expectations we are exposed to the risk that some of our acquisitions may not prove to be successful. we could encounter unanticipated difficulties and expenditures relating to any acquired properties, including contingent liabilities, and acquired properties might require significant management attention that would otherwise be devoted to our ongoing business. if we agree to provide construction funding to an operator/tenant and the project is not completed, we may need to take steps to ensure completion of the project. such expenditures may negatively affect our results of operations. furthermore, there can be no assurance that our anticipated acquisitions and investments, the completion of which is subject to various conditions, will be consummated in accordance with anticipated timing, on anticipated terms, or at all.  we also may be unable to quickly and efficiently integrate new acquisitions, particularly acquisitions of portfolios of properties, into our existing operations, and this could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
our investments in joint ventures could be adversely affected by our lack of exclusive control over these investments, our partners' insolvency or failure to meet their obligations and disputes between us and our partners we have entered into, and may continue in the future to enter into, partnerships or joint ventures with other persons or entities. joint venture investments involve risks that may not be present with other methods of ownership, including the possibility that our partner might become insolvent, refuse to make capital contributions when due or otherwise fail to meet its obligations, which may result in certain liabilities to us for guarantees and other commitments; that our partner might at any time have economic or other business interests or goals that are or become inconsistent with our interests or goals; that we could become engaged in a dispute with our partner, which could require us to expend additional resources to resolve such dispute and could have an adverse impact on the operations and profitability of the joint venture; and that our partner may be in a position to take action or withhold consent contrary to our instructions or requests. in addition, our ability to transfer our interest in a joint venture to a third party may be restricted. in some instances, we and/or our partner may have the right to trigger a buy-sell arrangement, which could cause us to sell our interest, or acquire our partner's interest, at a time when we otherwise would not have initiated such a transaction. our ability to acquire our partner's interest may be limited if we do not have sufficient cash, available borrowing capacity or other capital resources. in such event, we may be forced to sell our interest in the joint venture when we would otherwise prefer to retain it. joint ventures may require us to share decision-making authority with our partners, which could limit our ability to control the properties in the joint ventures. even when we have a controlling interest, certain major decisions may require partner approval, such as the sale, acquisition or financing of a property.
we are exposed to operational risks with respect to our seniors housing operating properties that could adversely affect our revenue and operations we are exposed to various operational risks with respect to our seniors housing operating properties that may increase our costs or adversely affect our ability to generate revenues. these risks include fluctuations in occupancy, medicare and medicaid reimbursement, if applicable, and private pay rates; economic conditions; competition; federal, state, local, and industry-regulated licensure, certification and inspection laws, regulations, and standards; the availability and increases in cost of general and professional liability insurance coverage; state regulation and rights of residents related to entrance fees; and the availability and increases in the cost of labor (as a result of unionization or otherwise). any one or a combination of these factors may adversely affect our revenue and operations.
decreases in our operators' revenues or increases in our operators' expenses could affect our operators' ability to make payments to us our operators' revenues are primarily driven by occupancy, private pay rates, and medicare and medicaid reimbursement, if applicable. expenses for these facilities are primarily driven by the costs of labor, food, utilities, taxes, insurance and rent or debt service. revenues from government reimbursement have, and may continue to, come under pressure due to reimbursement cuts and state budget shortfalls. operating costs continue to increase for our operators. to the extent that any decrease in revenues and/or any increase in operating expenses result in a property not generating enough cash to make payments to us, the credit of our operator and the value of other collateral would have to be relied upon. to the extent the value of such property is reduced, we may need to record an impairment for such asset. furthermore, if we determine to dispose of an underperforming property, such sale may result in a loss. any such impairment or loss on sale would negatively affect our financial results.
increased competition may affect our operators' ability to meet their obligations to us the operators of our properties compete on a local and regional basis with operators of properties and other health care providers that provide comparable services. we cannot be certain that the operators of all of our facilities will be able to achieve and maintain
31
occupancy and rate levels that will enable them to meet all of their obligations to us. our operators are expected to encounter increased competition in the future that could limit their ability to attract residents or expand their businesses.
the insolvency or bankruptcy of our obligors may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition we are exposed to the risk that our obligors may not be able to meet the rent, principal and interest or other payments due us, which may result in an obligor bankruptcy or insolvency, or that an obligor might become subject to bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings for other reasons. although our operating lease agreements provide us with the right to evict a tenant, demand immediate payment of rent and exercise other remedies, and our loans provide us with the right to terminate any funding obligation, demand immediate repayment of principal and unpaid interest, foreclose on the collateral and exercise other remedies, the bankruptcy and insolvency laws afford certain rights to a party that has filed for bankruptcy or reorganization. an obligor in bankruptcy or subject to insolvency proceedings may be able to limit or delay our ability to collect unpaid rent in the case of a lease or to receive unpaid principal and interest in the case of a loan, and to exercise other rights and remedies.
we may be required to fund certain expenses (e.g., real estate taxes and maintenance) to preserve the value of an investment property, avoid the imposition of liens on a property and/or transition a property to a new tenant. in some instances, we have terminated our lease with a tenant and relet the property to another tenant. in some of those situations, we have provided working capital loans to and limited indemnification of the new obligor. if we cannot transition a leased property to a new tenant, we may take possession of that property, which may expose us to certain successor liabilities. should such events occur, our revenue and operating cash flow may be adversely affected.
we may not be able to timely reinvest our sale proceeds on terms acceptable to us from time to time, we will have cash available from (1) the proceeds of sales of our securities, (2) principal payments on our loans receivable and (3) the sale of properties, including non-elective dispositions, under the terms of master leases or similar financial support arrangements. in order to maintain current revenues and continue generating attractive returns, we expect to re-invest these proceeds in a timely manner. we compete for real estate investments with a broad variety of potential investors. this competition for attractive investments may negatively affect our ability to make timely investments on terms acceptable to us.
failure to properly manage our rapid growth could distract our management or increase our expenses we have experienced rapid growth and development in a relatively short period of time and expect to continue this rapid growth in the future. this growth has resulted in increased levels of responsibility for our management. future property acquisitions could place significant additional demands on, and require us to expand, our management, resources and personnel. our failure to manage any such rapid growth effectively could harm our business and, in particular, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, which could negatively affect our ability to make distributions to stockholders. our growth could also increase our capital requirements, which may require us to issue potentially dilutive equity securities and incur additional debt.
we depend on genesis healthcare, llc ("genesis") for a significant portion of our revenues and any inability or unwillingness by genesis to satisfy its obligations under its agreements with us could adversely affect us the properties we lease to genesis account for a significant portion of our revenues, and because our leases with genesis are triple-net leases, we also depend on genesis to pay all insurance, taxes, utilities and maintenance and repair expenses in connection with the leased properties. we cannot assure you that genesis will have sufficient assets, income and access to financing to enable it to make rental payments to us or to otherwise satisfy its obligations under our leases, and any inability or unwillingness by genesis to do so could have an adverse effect on us. genesis has also agreed to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against various claims, litigation and liabilities arising in connection with its business, and we cannot assure you that genesis will have sufficient assets, income, access to financing and insurance coverage to enable it to satisfy its indemnification obligations.
the properties managed by sunrise senior living, llc account for a significant portion of our revenues and operating income and any adverse developments in its business or financial condition could adversely affect us sunrise senior living, llc manages our entire sunrise property portfolio, which as of december 31, 2014, consisted of 140 seniors housing properties.  these properties account for a significant portion of our revenues, and we rely on sunrise senior living, llc to manage these properties efficiently and effectively.  any adverse developments in sunrise senior living, llc's business or financial condition could impair its ability to manage our properties efficiently and effectively, which could adversely affect us.
ownership of property outside the united states may subject us to different or greater risks than those associated with our domestic operations
32
we have operations in canada and the united kingdom. international development, ownership, and operating activities involve risks that are different from those we face with respect to our domestic properties and operations. these risks include, but are not limited to, any international currency gain recognized with respect to changes in exchange rates may not qualify under the 75% gross income test or the 95% gross income test that we must satisfy annually in order to qualify and maintain our status as a reit; challenges with respect to the repatriation of foreign earnings and cash; changes in foreign political, regulatory, and economic conditions, including regionally, nationally, and locally; challenges in managing international operations; challenges of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws and regulations, including those relating to real estate, corporate governance, operations, taxes, employment and legal proceedings; foreign ownership restrictions with respect to operations in countries; differences in lending practices and the willingness of domestic or foreign lenders to provide financing; regional or country-specific business cycles and economic instability; and failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations in the united states that affect foreign operations, including, but not limited to, the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act. if we are unable to successfully manage the risks associated with international expansion and operations, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.
we do not know if our tenants will renew their existing leases, and if they do not, we may be unable to lease the properties on as favorable terms, or at all we cannot predict whether our tenants will renew existing leases at the end of their lease terms, which expire at various times. if these leases are not renewed, we would be required to find other tenants to occupy those properties or sell them. there can be no assurance that we would be able to identify suitable replacement tenants or enter into leases with new tenants on terms as favorable to us as the current leases or that we would be able to lease those properties at all.
our operators' may not have the necessary insurance coverage to insure adequately against losses in recent years, long-term/post-acute care and seniors housing operators have experienced substantial increases in both the number and size of patient care liability claims. as a result, general and professional liability costs have increased in some markets. general and professional liability insurance coverage may be restricted or very costly, which may adversely affect the property operators' future operations, cash flows and financial condition, and may have a material adverse effect on the property operators' ability to meet their obligations to us.
our ownership of properties through ground leases exposes us to the loss of such properties upon breach or termination of the ground leases we have acquired an interest in certain of our properties by acquiring a leasehold interest in the property on which the building is located, and we may acquire additional properties in the future through the purchase of interests in ground leases. as the lessee under a ground lease, we are exposed to the possibility of losing the property upon termination of the ground lease or an earlier breach of the ground lease by us.
the requirements of, or changes to, governmental reimbursement programs, such as medicare or medicaid, could have a material adverse effect on our obligors' liquidity, financial condition and results of operations, which could adversely affect our obligors' ability to meet their obligations to us some of our obligors' businesses are affected by government reimbursement. to the extent that an operator/tenant receives a significant portion of its revenues from government payors, primarily medicare and medicaid, such revenues may be subject to statutory and regulatory changes, retroactive rate adjustments, recovery of program overpayments or set-offs, court decisions, administrative rulings, policy interpretations, payment or other delays by fiscal intermediaries or carriers, government funding restrictions (at a program level or with respect to specific facilities) and interruption or delays in payments due to any ongoing government investigations and audits at such property. in recent years, government payors have frozen or reduced payments to health care providers due to budgetary pressures. health care reimbursement will likely continue to be of paramount importance to federal and state authorities. we cannot make any assessment as to the ultimate timing or effect any future legislative reforms may have on the financial condition of our obligors and properties. there can be no assurance that adequate reimbursement levels will be available for services provided by any property operator, whether the property receives reimbursement from medicare, medicaid or private payors. significant limits on the scope of services reimbursed and on reimbursement rates and fees could have a material adverse effect on an obligor's liquidity, financial condition and results of operations, which could adversely affect the ability of an obligor to meet its obligations to us. see "item 1 - business - certain government regulations - united states - reimbursement" above.
the patient protection and affordable care act of 2010, as modified by the health care and education reconciliation act of 2010 (collectively, the "health reform laws"), provides those states that expand their medicaid coverage to otherwise eligible state residents with incomes at or below 138% of the federal poverty level with an increased federal medical assistance percentage, effective january 1, 2014, when certain conditions are met. on june 28, 2012, the united states supreme court upheld the individual mandate of the health reform laws but partially invalidated the expansion of medicaid. the ruling on medicaid expansion allows
33
states to elect not to participate in the expansion-and to forego funding for the medicaid expansion-without losing their existing medicaid funding. given that the federal government substantially funds the medicaid expansion, it is unclear how many states will ultimately pursue this option, although, as of late january 2015, roughly half of the states have expanded medicaid coverage. the participation by states in the medicaid expansion could have the dual effect of increasing our tenants' revenues, through new patients, but further straining state budgets and their ability to pay our tenants. while the federal government will pay for approximately 100% of those additional costs from 2014 to 2016, states will be expected to pay for part of those additional costs beginning in 2017. in light of this, at least one state that has passed legislation to allow the state to expand its medicaid coverage has included sunset provisions in the legislation that require that the expanded benefits be reduced or eliminated if the federal government's funding for the program is decreased or eliminated, permitting the state to re-visit the issue once it begins to share financial responsibility for the expansion. with increasingly strained budgets, it is unclear how states that do not include such sunset provisions will pay their share of these additional medicaid costs and what other health care expenditures could be reduced as a result. a significant reduction in other health care related spending by states to pay for increased medicaid costs could affect our tenants' revenue streams. see "item 1 - business - certain government regulations - united states - reimbursement" above.
more generally, and because of the dynamic nature of the legislative and regulatory environment for health care products and services, and in light of existing federal deficit and budgetary concerns, we cannot predict the impact that broad-based, far-reaching legislative or regulatory changes could have on the u.s. economy, our business or that of our operators and tenants.
our operators' or tenants' failure to comply with federal, state, local, and industry-regulated licensure, certification and inspection laws, regulations, and standards could adversely affect such operators' or tenants' operations, which could adversely affect our operators' and tenants' ability to meet their obligations to us our operators and tenants generally are subject to varying levels of federal, state, local, and industry-regulated licensure, certification and inspection laws, regulations, and standards. our operators' or tenants' failure to comply with any of these laws, regulations, or standards could result in loss of accreditation, denial of reimbursement, imposition of fines, suspension, decertification or exclusion from federal and state health care programs, loss of license or closure of the facility. such actions may have an effect on our operators' or tenants' ability to make lease payments to us and, therefore, adversely impact us. see "item 1 - business - certain government regulations - united states - other related laws" above.
many of our properties may require a license, registration, and/or certificate of need ("con") to operate. failure to obtain a license, registration, or con, or loss of a required license, registration, or con would prevent a facility from operating in the manner intended by the operators or tenants. these events could materially adversely affect our operators' or tenants' ability to make rent payments to us. state and local laws also may regulate the expansion, including the addition of new beds or services or acquisition of medical equipment, and the construction or renovation of health care facilities, by requiring a con or other similar approval from a state agency. see "item 1 - business - certain government regulations - united states - licensing and certification" above.
illiquidity of real estate investments could significantly impede our ability to respond to adverse changes in the performance of our properties real estate investments are relatively illiquid. our ability to quickly sell or exchange any of our properties in response to changes in economic and other conditions will be limited. no assurances can be given that we will recognize full value for any property that we are required to sell for liquidity reasons. our inability to respond rapidly to changes in the performance of our investments could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. in addition, we are exposed to the risks inherent in concentrating investments in real estate, and in particular, the seniors housing and health care industries. a downturn in the real estate industry could adversely affect the value of our properties and our ability to sell properties for a price or on terms acceptable to us.
unfavorable resolution of pending and future litigation matters and disputes could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition from time to time, we may be directly involved in a number of legal proceedings, lawsuits and other claims. we may also be named as defendants in lawsuits allegedly arising out of our actions or the actions of our operators/tenants or managers in which such operators/tenants or managers have agreed to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against various claims, litigation and liabilities arising in connection with their respective businesses. an unfavorable resolution of pending or future litigation may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. regardless of its outcome, litigation may result in substantial costs and expenses and significantly divert the attention of management. there can be no assurance that we will be able to prevail in, or achieve a favorable settlement of, pending or future litigation. in addition, pending litigation or future litigation, government proceedings or environmental matters could lead to increased costs or interruption of our normal business operations.
development, redevelopment and construction risks could affect our profitability
34
at any given time, we may be in the process of constructing one or more new facilities that ultimately will require a con and license before they can be utilized by the operator for their intended use. the operator also may need to obtain medicare and medicaid certification and enter into medicare and medicaid provider agreements and/or third party payor contracts. in the event that the operator is unable to obtain the necessary con, licensure, certification, provider agreements or contracts after the completion of construction, there is a risk that we will not be able to earn any revenues on the facility until either the initial operator obtains a license or certification to operate the new facility and the necessary provider agreements or contracts or we find and contract with a new operator that is able to obtain a license to operate the facility for its intended use and the necessary provider agreements or contracts.
in connection with our renovation, redevelopment, development and related construction activities, we may be unable to obtain, or suffer delays in obtaining, necessary zoning, land-use, building, occupancy and other required governmental permits and authorizations. these factors could result in increased costs or our abandonment of these projects. in addition, we may not be able to obtain financing on favorable terms, which may render us unable to proceed with our development activities, and we may not be able to complete construction and lease-up of a property on schedule, which could result in increased debt service expense or construction costs.
additionally, the time frame required for development, construction and lease-up of these properties means that we may have to wait years for significant cash returns. because we are required to make cash distributions to our stockholders, if the cash flow from operations or refinancing is not sufficient, we may be forced to borrow additional money to fund such distributions. newly developed and acquired properties may not produce the cash flow that we expect, which could adversely affect our overall financial performance.
in deciding whether to acquire or develop a particular property, we make assumptions regarding the expected future performance of that property. in particular, we estimate the return on our investment based on expected occupancy, rental rates and capital costs. if our financial projections with respect to a new property are inaccurate as a result of increases in capital costs or other factors, the property may fail to perform as we expected in analyzing our investment. our estimate of the costs of repositioning or redeveloping an acquired property may prove to be inaccurate, which may result in our failure to meet our profitability goals. additionally, we may acquire new properties that are not fully leased, and the cash flow from existing operations may be insufficient to pay the operating expenses and debt service associated with that property.
we may experience losses caused by severe weather conditions or natural disasters, which could result in an increase of our or our tenants' cost of insurance, a decrease in our anticipated revenues or a significant loss of the capital we have invested in a property we maintain or require our tenants to maintain comprehensive insurance coverage on our properties with terms, conditions, limits and deductibles that we believe are appropriate given the relative risk and costs of such coverage, and we continually review our insurance programs and requirements. however, a large number of our properties are located in areas particularly susceptible to revenue loss, cost increase or damage caused by severe weather conditions or natural disasters such as hurricanes, earthquakes, tornadoes and floods. we believe, given current industry practice and analysis prepared by outside consultants, that our and our tenants' insurance coverage is appropriate to cover reasonably anticipated losses that may be caused by hurricanes, earthquakes, tornadoes, floods and other severe weather conditions and natural disasters. nevertheless, we are always subject to the risk that such insurance will not fully cover all losses and, depending on the severity of the event and the impact on our properties, such insurance may not cover a significant portion of the losses. these losses may lead to an increase of our and our tenants' cost of insurance, a decrease in our anticipated revenues from an affected property and a loss of all or a portion of the capital we have invested in an affected property.  in addition, we or our tenants may not purchase insurance under certain circumstances if the cost of insurance exceeds, in our or our tenants' judgment, the value of the coverage relative to the risk of loss.
we may incur costs to remediate environmental contamination at our properties, which could have an adverse effect on our or our obligors' business or financial condition under various federal and state laws, owners or operators of real estate may be required to respond to the presence or release of hazardous substances on the property and may be held liable for property damage, personal injuries or penalties that result from environmental contamination or exposure to hazardous substances. we may become liable to reimburse the government for damages and costs it incurs in connection with the contamination. generally, such liability attaches to a person based on the person's relationship to the property. our tenants or borrowers are primarily responsible for the condition of the property. moreover, we review environmental site assessments of the properties that we own or encumber prior to taking an interest in them. those assessments are designed to meet the "all appropriate inquiry" standard, which we believe qualifies us for the innocent purchaser defense if environmental liabilities arise. based upon such assessments, we do not believe that any of our properties are subject to material environmental contamination. however, environmental liabilities may be present in our properties and we may incur costs to remediate contamination, which could have a material adverse effect on our business or financial condition or the business or financial condition of our obligors.
cybersecurity incidents could disrupt our business and result in the loss of confidential information
35
our business is at risk from and may be impacted by cybersecurity attacks, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to our confidential data, and other electronic security breaches. such cyber attacks can range from individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to our information technology systems to more sophisticated security threats. while we employ a number of measures to prevent, detect and mitigate these threats, there is no guarantee such efforts will be successful in preventing a cyber attack. cybersecurity incidents could disrupt our business and compromise the confidential information of our employees, operators and tenants.
our certificate of incorporation and by-laws contain anti-takeover provisions our certificate of incorporation and by-laws contain anti-takeover provisions (restrictions on share ownership and transfer and super majority stockholder approval requirements for business combinations) that could make it more difficult for or even prevent a third party from acquiring us without the approval of our incumbent board of directors. provisions and agreements that inhibit or discourage takeover attempts could reduce the market value of our common stock.
our success depends on key personnel whose continued service is not guaranteed we are dependent on key personnel. although we have entered into employment agreements with our executive officers, losing any one of them could, at least temporarily, have an adverse impact on our operations. we believe that losing more than one could have a material adverse impact on our business.
risks arising from our capital structure we may become more leveraged permanent financing for our investments is typically provided through a combination of public offerings of debt and equity securities and the incurrence or assumption of secured debt. the incurrence or assumption of indebtedness may cause us to become more leveraged, which could (1) require us to dedicate a greater portion of our cash flow to the payment of debt service, (2) make us more vulnerable to a downturn in the economy, (3) limit our ability to obtain additional financing, or (4) negatively affect our credit ratings or outlook by one or more of the rating agencies.
we are subject to covenants in our debt agreements that may restrict or limit our operations and acquisitions and our failure to comply with the covenants in our debt agreements could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition our debt agreements contain various covenants, restrictions and events of default. among other things, these provisions require us to maintain certain financial ratios and minimum net worth and impose certain limits on our ability to incur indebtedness, create liens and make investments or acquisitions. breaches of these covenants could result in defaults under the instruments governing the applicable indebtedness, in addition to any other indebtedness cross-defaulted against such instruments. these defaults could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
limitations on our ability to access capital could have an adverse effect on our ability to make future investments or to meet our obligations and commitments we cannot assure you that we will be able to raise the capital necessary to make future investments or to meet our obligations and commitments as they mature.  our access to capital depends upon a number of factors over which we have little or no control, including rising interest rates, inflation and other general market conditions; the market's perception of our growth potential and our current and potential future earnings and cash distributions; the market price of the shares of our capital stock and the credit ratings of our debt securities; the financial stability of our lenders, which might impair their ability to meet their commitments to us or their willingness to make additional loans to us; changes in the credit ratings on u.s. government debt securities; or default or delay in payment by the united states of its obligations. if our access to capital is limited by these factors or other factors, it could negatively impact our ability to acquire properties, repay or refinance our indebtedness, fund operations or make distributions to our stockholders.
downgrades in our credit ratings could have a material adverse impact on our cost and availability of capital we plan to manage the company to maintain a capital structure consistent with our current profile, but there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our current credit ratings. any downgrades in terms of ratings or outlook by any or all of the rating agencies could have a material adverse impact on our cost and availability of capital, which could in turn have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations, liquidity and/or financial condition.
36
fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position as we expand our operations internationally, currency exchange rate fluctuations could affect our results of operations and financial position. we expect to generate an increasing portion of our revenue and expenses in such foreign currencies as the canadian dollar and the british pound. although we may enter into foreign exchange agreements with financial institutions and/or obtain local currency mortgage debt in order to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in the value of foreign currencies, we cannot assure you that foreign currency fluctuations will not have a material adverse effect on us.
our entry into swap agreements may not effectively reduce our exposure to changes in interest rates or foreign currency exchange rates we enter into swap agreements from time to time to manage some of our exposure to interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate volatility. these swap agreements involve risks, such as the risk that counterparties may fail to honor their obligations under these arrangements. in addition, these arrangements may not be effective in reducing our exposure to changes in interest rates or foreign currency exchange rates. when we use forward-starting interest rate swaps, there is a risk that we will not complete the long-term borrowing against which the swap is intended to hedge. if such events occur, our results of operations may be adversely affected.
risks arising from our status as a reit we might fail to qualify or remain qualified as a reit we intend to operate as a reit under the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended (the "code"), and believe we have and will continue to operate in such a manner. if we lose our status as a reit, we will face serious income tax consequences that will substantially reduce the funds available for satisfying our obligations and for distribution to our stockholders because:
•          we would not be allowed a deduction for distributions to stockholders in computing our taxable income and would be subject to u.s. federal income tax at regular corporate rates;
•          we could be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax and possibly increased state and local taxes; and
•          unless we are entitled to relief under statutory provisions, we could not elect to be subject to tax as a reit for four taxable years following the year during which we were disqualified.
since reit qualification requires us to meet a number of complex requirements, it is possible that we may fail to fulfill them, and if we do, our earnings will be reduced by the amount of u.s. federal and other income taxes owed. a reduction in our earnings would affect the amount we could distribute to our stockholders. if we do not qualify as a reit, we would not be required to make distributions to stockholders since a non-reit is not required to pay dividends to stockholders in order to maintain reit status or avoid an excise tax. see "item 1 - business - taxation - federal income tax considerations" above for a discussion of the provisions of the code that apply to us and the effects of failure to qualify as a reit.
in addition, if we fail to qualify as a reit, all distributions to stockholders would continue to be treated as dividends to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits, although corporate stockholders may be eligible for the dividends received deduction, and individual stockholders may be eligible for taxation at the rates generally applicable to long-term capital gains (currently at a maximum rate of 20%) with respect to distributions.
as a result of all these factors, our failure to qualify as a reit also could impair our ability to implement our business strategy and would adversely affect the value of our common stock.
qualification as a reit involves the application of highly technical and complex code provisions for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations. the determination of various factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control may affect our ability to remain qualified as a reit. although we believe that we qualify as a reit, we cannot assure you that we will continue to qualify or remain qualified as a reit for u.s. federal income tax purposes. see "item 1 - business - taxation - federal income tax considerations" above.
certain subsidiaries might fail to qualify or remain qualified as a reit as a result of our acquisition of shares in senior housing realty trust ("shrt"), we own a minority interest in an entity which elected to be taxed as a reit for federal income tax purposes.  additionally, we own substantially all of the outstanding stock of a subsidiary which we consolidate for financial reporting purposes but which is treated as a separate reit for federal income tax purposes (together with shrt, each a "subsidiary reit").  to qualify as a reit, each subsidiary reit must independently satisfy all of the reit qualification requirements under the code, together with all other rules applicable to reits.  provided that each
37
subsidiary reit qualifies as a reit, our interests in the subsidiary reits will be treated as qualifying real estate assets for purposes of the reit asset tests.  see "item 1 - business - taxation - federal income tax considerations - qualification as a reit - asset tests" above.  if a subsidiary reit fails to qualify as a reit in any taxable year, such subsidiary reit will be subject to federal and state income taxes and may not be able to qualify as a reit for the four subsequent taxable years.  any such failure could have an adverse effect on our ability to comply with the reit income and asset tests, and thus our ability to qualify as a reit, unless we are able to avail ourselves of certain relief provisions.
the 90% annual distribution requirement will decrease our liquidity and may limit our ability to engage in otherwise beneficial transactions to comply with the 90% distribution requirement applicable to reits and to avoid the nondeductible excise tax, we must make distributions to our stockholders. see "item 1 - business - taxation - federal income tax considerations - qualification as a reit - annual distribution requirements" above. although we anticipate that we generally will have sufficient cash or liquid assets to enable us to satisfy the reit distribution requirement, it is possible that, from time to time, we may not have sufficient cash or other liquid assets to meet the 90% distribution requirement, or we may decide to retain cash or distribute such greater amount as may be necessary to avoid income and excise taxation. this may be due to timing differences between the actual receipt of income and actual payment of deductible expenses, on the one hand, and the inclusion of that income and deduction of those expenses in arriving at our taxable income, on the other hand. in addition, non-deductible expenses such as principal amortization or repayments or capital expenditures in excess of non-cash deductions may cause us to fail to have sufficient cash or liquid assets to enable us to satisfy the 90% distribution requirement. in the event that timing differences occur, or we deem it appropriate to retain cash, we may borrow funds, issue additional equity securities (although we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so), pay taxable stock dividends, if possible, distribute other property or securities or engage in another transaction intended to enable us to meet the reit distribution requirements. this may require us to raise additional capital to meet our obligations.
the lease of qualified health care properties to a taxable reit subsidiary is subject to special requirements we lease certain qualified health care properties to taxable reit subsidiaries (or limited liability companies of which the taxable reit subsidiaries are members), which lessees contract with managers (or related parties) to manage the health care operations at these properties. the rents from this taxable reit subsidiary lessee structure are treated as qualifying rents from real property if (1) they are paid pursuant to an arms-length lease of a qualified health care property with a taxable reit subsidiary and (2) the manager qualifies as an eligible independent contractor (as defined in the code). if any of these conditions are not satisfied, then the rents will not be qualifying rents. see "item 1 - business - taxation - federal income tax considerations - qualification as a reit - income tests" above.
if certain sale-leaseback transactions are not characterized by the internal revenue service as "true leases," we may be subject to adverse tax consequences we have purchased certain properties and leased them back to the sellers of such properties, and we may enter into similar transactions in the future. we intend for any such sale-leaseback transaction to be structured in such a manner that the lease will be characterized as a "true lease," thereby allowing us to be treated as the owner of the property for u.s. federal income tax purposes. however, depending on the terms of any specific transaction, the internal revenue service might take the position that the transaction is not a "true lease" but is more properly treated in some other manner. in the event any sale-leaseback transaction is challenged and successfully re-characterized by the internal revenue service, we would not be entitled to claim the deductions for depreciation and cost recovery generally available to an owner of property. furthermore, if a sale-leaseback transaction were so re-characterized, we might fail to satisfy the reit asset tests or income tests and, consequently, could lose our reit status effective with the year of re-characterization. see "item 1 - business - taxation - federal income tax considerations - qualification as a reit - asset tests" and "item 1 - business - taxation - federal income tax considerations - qualification as a reit - income tests" above. alternatively, the amount of our reit taxable income could be recalculated, which may cause us to fail to meet the reit annual distribution requirements for a taxable year. see "item 1 - business - taxation - federal income tax considerations - qualification as a reit - annual distribution requirements" above.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis is based primarily on the consolidated financial statements of health care reit, inc. for the periods presented and should be read together with the notes thereto contained in this annual report on form 10-k. other important factors are identified in "item 1 - business" and "item 1a - risk factors" above.
executive summary company overview health care reit, inc. is a real estate investment trust ("reit") that has been at the forefront of seniors housing and health care real estate since the company was founded in 1970.  we are an s&p 500 company headquartered in toledo, ohio. our portfolio spans the full spectrum of seniors housing and health care real estate, including seniors housing communities, long-term/post-acute care facilities, medical office buildings, inpatient and outpatient medical centers and life science facilities. our capital programs, when combined with comprehensive planning, development and property management services, make us a single-source solution for acquiring, planning, developing, managing, repositioning and monetizing real estate assets.
the following table summarizes our consolidated portfolio as of december 31, 2014:
investments                     percentage                 number of                       of

type                                           (in               investments               properties of property                          thousands)(1)
seniors housing triple-net             $10,434,105                     45.7%                      722
seniors housing operating                8,338,733                     36.5%                      297
medical facilities                       4,078,358                     17.8%                      241
totals                                 $22,851,196                    100.0%                    1,260
(1) excludes our share of investments in unconsolidated entities. entities in which we have a joint venture with a minority partner are shown at 100% of the joint venture amount.
business strategy our primary objectives are to protect stockholder capital and enhance stockholder value. we seek to pay consistent cash dividends to stockholders and create opportunities to increase dividend payments to stockholders as a result of annual increases in net operating income and portfolio growth. to meet these objectives, we invest across the full spectrum of seniors housing and health care real estate and diversify our investment portfolio by property type, relationship and geographic location.
substantially all of our revenues are derived from operating lease rentals, resident fees and services, and interest earned on outstanding loans receivable. these items represent our primary sources of liquidity to fund distributions and depend upon the continued ability of our obligors to make contractual rent and interest payments to us and the profitability of our operating properties. to the extent that our customers/partners experience operating difficulties and become unable to generate sufficient cash to make payments to us, there could be a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations, liquidity and/or financial condition. to mitigate this risk, we monitor our investments through a variety of methods determined by the type of property. our proactive and comprehensive asset management process for seniors housing properties generally includes review of monthly financial statements and other operating data for each property, review of obligor/partner creditworthiness, property inspections, and review of covenant compliance relating to licensure, real estate taxes, letters of credit and other collateral. our internal property management division actively manages and monitors the medical office building portfolio with a comprehensive process including review of, among other things, tenant relations, lease expirations, the mix of health service providers, hospital/health system relationships, property performance, capital improvement needs, and market conditions. in monitoring our portfolio, our personnel use a proprietary database to collect and analyze property-specific data. additionally, we conduct extensive research to ascertain industry trends.  we evaluate the operating environment in each property's market to determine the likely trend in operating performance of the facility.  when we identify unacceptable trends, we seek to mitigate, eliminate or transfer the risk. through these efforts, we are generally able to intervene at an early stage to address any negative trends, and in so doing, support both the collectability of revenue and the value of our investment.
in addition to our asset management and research efforts, we also structure our investments to help mitigate payment risk. operating leases and loans are normally credit enhanced by guaranties and/or letters of credit. in addition, operating leases are typically structured as master leases and loans are generally cross-defaulted and cross-collateralized with other real estate loans, operating leases or agreements between us and the obligor and its affiliates.
for the year ended december 31, 2014, rental income and resident fees represented 42% and 57% respectively, of total revenues (including discontinued operations).  substantially all of our operating leases are designed with escalating rent structures. leases with fixed annual rental escalators are generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the initial lease period, subject to a collectability assessment. rental income related to leases with contingent rental escalators is generally recorded based on the contractual cash rental
45
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations payments due for the period. our yield on loans receivable depends upon a number of factors, including the stated interest rate, the average principal amount outstanding during the term of the loan and any interest rate adjustments.
our primary sources of cash include rent and interest receipts, resident fees and services, borrowings under our primary unsecured credit facility, public issuances of debt and equity securities, proceeds from investment dispositions and principal payments on loans receivable. our primary uses of cash include dividend distributions, debt service payments (including principal and interest), real property investments (including acquisitions, capital expenditures, construction advances and transaction costs), loan advances, property operating expenses and general and administrative expenses.  depending upon the availability and cost of external capital, we believe our liquidity is sufficient to fund these uses of cash.
we also continuously evaluate opportunities to finance future investments.  new investments are generally funded from temporary borrowings under our primary unsecured credit facility, internally generated cash and the proceeds from investment dispositions. our investments generate cash from net operating income and principal payments on loans receivable. permanent financing for future investments, which generally replaces funds drawn under our primary unsecured credit facility, has historically been provided through a combination of the issuance of public debt and equity securities and the incurrence or assumption of secured debt.
depending upon market conditions, we believe that new investments will be available in the future with spreads over our cost of capital that will generate appropriate returns to our stockholders. it is also possible that investment dispositions may occur in the future. to the extent that investment dispositions exceed new investments, our revenues and cash flows from operations could be adversely affected. we expect to reinvest the proceeds from any investment dispositions in new investments. to the extent that new investment requirements exceed our available cash on-hand, we expect to borrow under our primary unsecured credit facility. at december 31, 2014, we had $473,726,000 of cash and cash equivalents, $79,697,000 of restricted cash and $2,428,723,000 of available borrowing capacity under our primary unsecured credit facility.
capital market outlook the capital markets remain supportive of our investment strategy. for the year ended december 31, 2014, we raised $3.2 billion in aggregate gross proceeds through the issuance of common stock and unsecured debt. the capital raised, in combination with available cash and borrowing capacity under our primary unsecured credit facility, supported $3.7 billion in gross new investments for the year. we expect attractive investment opportunities to remain available in the future as we continue to leverage the benefits of our relationship investment strategy.
key transactions in 2014
capital.  in may 2014, we completed the public issuance of 16,100,000 shares of common stock for approximate gross proceeds of $1,003,835,000.  in september 2014, we completed the public issuance of 17,825,000 shares of common stock for approximate gross proceeds of $1,136,344,000.  also, for the year ended december 31, 2014, we raised $257,055,000 through our dividend reinvestment program.  in july 2014, we closed on a new primary unsecured credit facility that includes a $2,500,000,000 unsecured revolving credit facility, a $500,000,000 unsecured term credit facility and a $250,000,000 canadian-denominated unsecured term credit facility. among other things, the primary unsecured credit facility provides us with additional borrowing capacity and extends the agreement to october 31, 2018.  it can be extended for an additional year at our option. in november 2014, we issued £500,000,000 of 4.5% 20-year senior unsecured notes, generating approximately $773,992,000 of net proceeds.
investments. the following summarizes our acquisitions and joint venture investments made during the year ended december 31, 2014 (dollars in thousands):
properties             investment             capitalization                          book amount(1)                 rates(2)                          amount(3)

seniors housing triple-net           87             $1,519,657                       7.0%                      $1,544,441
seniors housing operating            30                893,593                       6.4%                         693,953
medical facilities                   34                665,398                       6.2%                         677,637
total acquisitions/jvs              151             $3,078,648                       6.6%                      $2,916,031
(1) represents stated purchase price including cash and any assumed debt but excludes fair value adjustments pursuant to u.s. gaap.
(2) represents annualized contractual or projected income to be received in cash divided by investment amounts.
(3) represents amounts recorded on our books including fair value adjustments pursuant to u.s. gaap. see notes 3 and 7 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
46
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations dispositions. the following summarizes property dispositions made during the year ended december 31, 2014 (dollars in thousands):
properties            proceeds(1)            capitalization                        book rates(2)                        amount(3)

seniors housing triple-net           26               $900,335                      8.7%                      $747,720
medical facilities                    2                 46,602                      7.6%                        45,695
total property sales                 28               $946,937                      8.7%                      $793,415
(1) represents book amount plus net gains/losses. see note 5 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(2) represents annualized contractual income that was being received in cash at date of disposition divided by book amount.
(3) represents carrying value of assets at time of disposition.
dividends. our board of directors increased the annual cash dividend to $3.30 per common share ($0.825 per share quarterly), as compared to $3.18 per common share for 2014, beginning in february 2015.  the dividend declared for the quarter ended december 31, 2014  represents the 175th consecutive quarterly dividend payment.
key performance indicators, trends and uncertainties we utilize several key performance indicators to evaluate the various aspects of our business. these indicators are discussed below and relate to operating performance, credit strength and concentration risk.  management uses these key performance indicators to facilitate internal and external comparisons to our historical operating results, in making operating decisions and for budget planning purposes.
operating performance. we believe that net income attributable to common stockholders ("nics") is the most appropriate earnings measure. other useful supplemental measures of our operating performance include funds from operations ("ffo"), net operating income from continuing operations ("noi") and same store cash noi ("sscnoi"); however, these supplemental measures are not defined by u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("u.s. gaap"). please refer to the section entitled "non-gaap financial measures" for further discussion and reconciliations of ffo, noi and sscnoi. these earnings measures and their relative per share amounts are widely used by investors and analysts in the valuation, comparison and investment recommendations of companies. the following table reflects the recent historical trends of our operating performance measures for the periods presented (in thousands):
year ended december 31,

2012                   2013                   2014
net income attributable to common stockholders                    $221,884                $78,714                $446,745
funds from operations                                              697,557                924,884               1,178,330
net operating income from continuing operations                  1,237,055              1,673,795               1,940,188
same store cash net operating income                               882,885                898,909                 931,255
credit strength. we measure our credit strength both in terms of leverage ratios and coverage ratios. the leverage ratios indicate how much of our balance sheet capitalization is related to long-term debt. the coverage ratios indicate our ability to service interest and fixed charges (interest, secured debt principal amortization and preferred dividends). we expect to maintain capitalization ratios and coverage ratios sufficient to maintain compliance with our debt covenants. the coverage ratios are based on adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("adjusted ebitda") which is discussed in further detail, and reconciled to net income, below in "non-gaap financial measures." leverage ratios and coverage ratios are widely used by investors, analysts and rating agencies in the valuation, comparison, investment recommendations and rating of companies. the following table reflects the recent historical trends for our credit strength measures for the periods presented:
47
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations year ended december 31,

2012         2013          2014
debt to book capitalization ratio                            45%           48%           45%
debt to undepreciated book capitalization ratio              41%           43%           40%
debt to market capitalization ratio                          33%           39%           29%
adjusted interest coverage ratio                           3.31x         3.23x         3.86x adjusted fixed charge coverage ratio                       2.58x         2.56x         3.06x concentration risk. we evaluate our concentration risk in terms of investment mix, relationship mix and geographic mix. concentration risk is a valuable measure in understanding what portion of our investments could be at risk if certain sectors were to experience downturns. investment mix measures the portion of our investments that relate to our various property types. relationship mix measures the portion of our investments that relate to our top five relationships.  geographic mix measures the portion of our investments that relate to our top five states (or international equivalents). the following table reflects our recent historical trends of concentration risk by investment balance for the periods presented:
december
31,

2012                  2013                  2014
investment mix:(1)
seniors housing triple-net                      52%                   45%                   46%
seniors housing operating                       28%                   39%                   36%
medical facilities                              20%                   16%                   18%
relationship mix:(1)
sunrise senior living(2)                         6%                   19%                   18%
genesis healthcare                              15%                   12%                   12%
brookdale                                                                                    6%
revera(2)                                                              5%                    5%
benchmark senior living                          5%                    4%                    4%
belmont village                                  5%                    4%
merrill gardens                                  6%
remaining customers                             63%                   56%                   55%
geographic mix:(1)
california                                       9%                   10%                   10%
england                                                                8%                    9%
texas                                            9%                    7%                    8%
new jersey                                       9%                    8%                    8%
canada                                                                                       6%
florida                                          7%                    5%
pennsylvania                                     5%
remaining                                       61%                   62%                   59%
(1) excludes our share of investments in unconsolidated entities. entities in which the company has a joint venture partner are shown at 100% of the joint venture amount.
(2) revera owns a controlling interest in sunrise.
we evaluate our key performance indicators in conjunction with current expectations to determine if historical trends are indicative of future results. our expected results may not be achieved and actual results may differ materially from our expectations. factors that may cause actual results to differ from expected results are described in more detail in "item 1 - business - cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements" and "item 1a - risk factors" and other sections of this annual report on form 10-k. management regularly monitors economic and other factors to develop strategic and tactical plans designed to improve performance and maximize our competitive position. our ability to achieve our financial objectives is dependent upon our ability to effectively execute these plans and to appropriately respond to emerging economic and company-specific trends. please refer to "item 1 - business," "item 1a - risk factors" and "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in this annual report on form 10-k for further discussion of these risk factors.
48
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations corporate governance maintaining investor confidence and trust is important in today's business environment. our board of directors and management are strongly committed to policies and procedures that reflect the highest level of ethical business practices. our corporate governance guidelines provide the framework for our business operations and emphasize our commitment to increase stockholder value while meeting all applicable legal requirements. these guidelines meet the listing standards adopted by the new york stock exchange and are available on the internet at www.hcreit.com/investor-relations/governance.  the information on our website is not incorporated by reference in this annual report on form 10-k, and our web address is included as an inactive textual reference only.
liquidity and capital resources sources and uses of cash our primary sources of cash include rent and interest receipts, resident fees and services, borrowings under our primary unsecured credit facility, public issuances of debt and equity securities, proceeds from investment dispositions and principal payments on loans receivable. our primary uses of cash include dividend distributions, debt service payments (including principal and interest), real property investments (including acquisitions, capital expenditures, construction advances and transaction costs), loan advances, property operating expenses, and general and administrative expenses. these sources and uses of cash are reflected in our consolidated statements of cash flows and are discussed in further detail below.  the following is a summary of our sources and uses of cash flows (dollars in thousands):
year                                     one                            year                       one                              two ended                                 year change                       ended                   year change                      year change

december,                 december,                                                  december,
31                        31                                                         31
2012                                         2013   $                             %   2014                     $                           %   $                             %
beginning cash and cash equivalents                                      $163,482                $1,033,764   $870,282                   532%                 $158,780   $(874,984)               -85%   $(4,702)                    -3%
cash provided from (used in):
operating activities                                                      818,133                   988,497               170,364         21%                1,138,670             150,173         15%           320,537             39%
investing activities                                                  (3,592,979)               (3,531,593)                61,386         -2%              (2,126,206)           1,405,387        -40%           1,466,773          -41%
financing activities                                                    3,645,128                 1,667,670           (1,977,458)        -54%                1,303,172           (364,498)        -22%           (2,341,956)        -64%
effect of foreign currency translation on cash and cash                         0                       442   442                         n/a                    (690)             (1,132)         n/a           (690)               n/a equivalents ending cash and cash equivalents                                       $1,033,764                  $158,780   $(874,984)                 -85%                 $473,726   $314,946                 198%   $(560,038)                 -54%
operating activities. the change in net cash provided from operating activities is primarily attributable to increases in noi which is primarily due to acquisitions.  please see "results of operations" for further discussion.  for the years ended december 31, 2012, 2013 and 2014, cash flows from operations exceeded cash distributions to stockholders.
investing activities.  the changes in net cash used in investing activities are primarily attributable to acquisitions, real estate loans receivable and investments in unconsolidated entities which are summarized above in "key transactions in 2014."  please refer to notes 3, 6 and 7 of our consolidated financial statements for additional information.  the following is a summary of non-acquisition capital improvements (dollars in thousands):
year                             one                        year                  one                           two ended                         year change                   ended              year change                   year change

december            december                                          december
31,                 31,                                               31,
2012                             2013   $                         %   2014                $                        %   $                         %
new development                                                          $286,410            $247,560   $(38,850)              -14%            $197,881   $(49,679)             -20%   $(88,529)              -31%
recurring capital expenditures, tenant improvements and lease              45,175              60,984          15,809           35%              59,134          (1,850)         -3%          13,959           31%
commissions renovations, redevelopments and other capital improvements                 90,275              74,848          (15,427)        -17%              73,646          (1,202)         -2%          (16,629)        -18%
total                                                                    $421,860            $383,392   $(38,468)               -9%            $330,661   $(52,731)             -14%   $(91,199)              -22%
the change in new development is primarily due to the number and size of construction projects on-going during the relevant periods.  renovations, redevelopments and other capital improvements include expenditures to maximize property value, increase net operating income, maintain a market-competitive position and/or achieve property stabilization.
financing activities. the changes in net cash provided from financing activities are primarily attributable to changes related to our long-term debt arrangements, the issuance/redemptions of common and preferred stock, and dividend payments which are summarized above in "key transactions in 2014."  please refer to notes 9, 10 and 13 of our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
49
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations off-balance sheet arrangements at december 31, 2014, we had investments in unconsolidated entities with our ownership ranging from 10% to 50%. please see note 7 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.  we use financial derivative instruments to hedge interest rate exposure. please see note 11 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.  at december 31, 2014, we had eight outstanding letter of credit obligations. please see note 12 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our payment requirements under contractual obligations as of december 31, 2014 (in thousands):
payments due by period

contractual obligations                                                    total                     2015                  2016-2017                  2018-2019                 thereafter unsecured revolving credit facility(1)                                        $-                       $-                         $-                         $-                         $-
senior unsecured notes and term credit facilities:(2)
u.s. dollar senior unsecured notes                                     5,465,965                        -                  1,150,000                  1,050,000                  3,265,965
pounds sterling senior unsecured notes(3)                              1,635,690                        -                          -                          -                  1,635,690
u.s. dollar term credit facility                                         500,000                        -                          -                    500,000                          -
canadian dollar term credit facility(3)                                  215,499                        -                          -                    215,499                          -
secured debt:(2,3)
consolidated                                                           2,941,765                  399,813                    770,271                    806,956                    964,725
unconsolidated                                                           622,220                  206,281                    176,558                     81,073                    158,308
contractual interest obligations:(4)
unsecured revolving credit facility                                            -                        -                          -                          -                          -
senior unsecured notes and term loans(3)                               3,560,409                  338,290                    638,105                    533,104                  2,050,909
consolidated secured debt(3)                                             754,363                  140,101                    218,789                    127,354                    268,119
unconsolidated secured debt(3)                                            98,668                   27,869                     29,373                     16,385                     25,041
capital lease obligations(5)                                             111,726                   13,157                      9,464                      9,012                     80,093
operating lease obligations(5)                                           916,404                   15,078                     30,370                     30,457                    840,499
purchase obligations(5)                                                  308,492                  140,150                    151,697                      6,792                      9,853
other long-term liabilities(6)                                           367,128                  361,475                      2,950                      2,703                          -
total contractual obligations                                        $17,498,329               $1,642,214                 $3,177,577                 $3,379,335                 $9,299,202
(1) relates to our $2,500,000,000 unsecured revolving credit facility. see note 9 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(2) amounts represent principal amounts due and do not reflect unamortized premiums/discounts or other fair value adjustments as reflected on the balance sheet.
(3) based on foreign currency exchange rates in effect as of balance sheet date.
(4) based on variable interest rates in effect as of balance sheet date.
(5) see note 12 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
(6) primarily relates to an unfunded commitment for a secured bridge facility with one of our operators, which is discussed in note 12 to our consolidated financial statements, and our supplemental executive retirement plan, which is discussed in note 19 to the consolidated financial statements.
capital structure please refer to "credit strength" above for a discussion of our leverage and coverage ratio trends.  our debt agreements contain various covenants, restrictions and events of default. certain agreements require us to maintain certain financial ratios and minimum net worth and impose certain limits on our ability to incur indebtedness, create liens and make investments or acquisitions. as of december 31, 2014, we were in compliance with all of the covenants under our debt agreements. please refer to the section entitled "non-gaap financial measures" for further discussion. none of our debt agreements contain provisions for acceleration which could be triggered by our debt ratings. however, under our primary unsecured credit facility, the ratings on our senior unsecured notes are used to determine the fees and interest charged. a summary of certain covenants and our results as of and for the year ended december 31, 2014 is as follows:
50
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations per agreement

covenant                                                   primary                           senior                          actual unsecured credit facility         unsecured notes   at december 31, 2014
total indebtedness to book capitalization ratio maximum:   60%                               n/a                                45%
secured indebtedness to total assets ratio maximum:        30%                               40%                                12%
total indebtedness to total assets maximum:                n/a                               60%                                43%
unsecured debt to unencumbered assets maximum:             60%                               n/a                                38%
adjusted interest coverage ratio minimum:                  n/a                               1.50x                            3.86x adjusted fixed charge coverage minimum:                    1.50x                             n/a                              3.06x we plan to manage the company to maintain compliance with our debt covenants and with a capital structure consistent with our current profile. any downgrades in terms of ratings or outlook by any or all of the rating agencies could have a material adverse impact on our cost and availability of capital, which could in turn have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations, liquidity and/or financial condition.
on may 4, 2012, we filed an open-ended automatic or "universal" shelf registration statement with the securities and exchange commission covering an indeterminate amount of future offerings of debt securities, common stock, preferred stock, depositary shares, warrants and units. as of january 31, 2015, we had an effective registration statement on file in connection with our enhanced dividend reinvestment plan under which we may issue up to 10,000,000 shares of common stock. as of january 31, 2015, 3,016,824  shares of common stock remained available for issuance under this registration statement. we have entered into separate equity distribution agreements with each of ubs securities llc, rbs securities inc., keybanc capital markets inc. and credit agricole securities (usa) inc. relating to the offer and sale from time to time of up to $630,015,000 aggregate amount of our common stock ("equity shelf program"). as of january 31, 2015, we had $457,112,000 of remaining capacity under the equity shelf program. depending upon market conditions, we anticipate issuing securities under our registration statements to invest in additional properties and to repay borrowings under our primary unsecured credit facility.
results of operations summary our primary sources of revenue include rent, resident fees and services, and interest income. our primary expenses include interest expense, depreciation and amortization, property operating expenses, transaction costs and general and administrative expenses. these revenues and expenses are reflected in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income and are discussed in further detail below. the following is a summary of our results of operations (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts):
year   one                                           year                          one                          two ended   year change                                  ended                  year change                  year change december               december                                             december
31,                    31,                                                  31,
2012                   2013                   amount                    %   2014                           amount           %           amount           %
net income attributable to common stockholders                                         $221,884                $78,714   $(143,170)             -65%               $446,745         $368,031        468%         $224,861        101%
funds from operations                                                                   697,557                924,884           227,327         33%              1,178,330          253,446         27%          480,773         69%
adjusted ebitda                                                                       1,264,091              1,503,715           239,624         19%              1,877,992          374,277         25%          613,901         49%
net operating income from continuing operations                                       1,237,055              1,673,795           436,740         35%              1,940,188          266,393         16%          703,133         57%
same store cash noi                                                                     882,885                898,909            16,024          2%                931,255           32,346          4%           48,370          5%
per share data (fully diluted):
net income attributable to common stockholders                  $0.98                  $0.28   $(0.70)                -71%                  $1.45            $1.17        418%            $0.47         48%
funds from operations                                            3.09                   3.32   0.23                     7%                   3.83             0.51         15%             0.74         24%
adjusted interest coverage ratio                                                          3.31x                  3.19x            -0.12x         -4%                  3.86x            0.67x         21%            0.55x         17%
adjusted fixed charge coverage ratio                                                      2.58x                  2.52x            -0.06x         -2%                  3.06x            0.54x         21%            0.48x         19%
the following table represents the changes in outstanding common stock for the period from january 1, 2012 to december 31, 2014 (in thousands):
51
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations year ended

december       december       december        totals
31, 2012       31, 2013       31, 2014
beginning balance                                                       192,275        260,374        289,564       192,275
public offerings                                                         64,400         23,000         33,925       121,325
dividend reinvestment plan issuances                                      2,136          3,430          4,123         9,689
senior note conversions                                                   1,040            988            259         2,287
preferred stock conversions                                                   -            117            233           350
issuances in acquisitions of noncontrolling interests                         -          1,109              -         1,109
option exercises                                                            341            214            498         1,053
other, net                                                                  182            332            188           702
ending balance                                                          260,374        289,564        328,790       328,790
average number of shares outstanding:
basic                                      224,343        276,929        306,272
diluted                                    225,953        278,761        307,747
during the past three years, inflation has not significantly affected our earnings because of the moderate inflation rate. additionally, our earnings are primarily long-term investments with predictable rates of return. these investments are mainly financed with a combination of equity, senior unsecured notes, secured debt and borrowings under our primary unsecured credit facility. during inflationary periods, which generally are accompanied by rising interest rates, our ability to grow may be adversely affected because the yield on new investments may increase at a slower rate than new borrowing costs. presuming the current inflation rate remains moderate and long-term interest rates do not increase significantly, we believe that inflation will not impact the availability of equity and debt financing for us.
we evaluate our business and make resource allocations on our three business segments: seniors housing triple-net, seniors housing operating and medical facilities. the primary performance measures for our properties are noi and sscnoi, which are discussed below.  please see note 17 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
seniors housing triple-net the following is a summary of our noi for the seniors housing triple-net segment (dollars in thousands):
year                                  one                        year                       one                              two ended                              year change                   ended                   year change                      year change

december              december                                              december
31,                   31,                                                   31,
2012                  2013                        $     %                   2014                         $     %                          $      %
sscnoi(1)                                                              $589,912              $598,235              $8,323         1%               $618,672              $20,437         3%               $28,760          5%
non-cash noi attributable to same store properties(1)                    34,176                33,745               (431)        -1%                 53,133               19,388        57%                18,957         55%
noi attributable to non same store properties(2)                        170,923               262,641              91,718        54%                355,329               92,688        35%               184,406        108%
noi                                                                    $795,011              $894,621             $99,610        13%             $1,027,134             $132,513        15%              $232,123         29%
(1) change is due to increases in cash and non-cash noi
(described below) related to 453 same store properties.
(2) change is primarily due to the acquisition of 195
properties, the conversion of 13 construction projects into revenue-generating properties subsequent to january 1, 2012 and the transition of 38 properties from our seniors housing operating segment on september 1, 2013.
the following is a summary of our results of operations for the seniors housing triple-net segment (dollars in thousands):
52
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations year                               one                          year                     one                              two ended                           year change                     ended                 year change                      year change

december             december                                              december
31,                  31,                                                   31,
2012                                2013                      $       %   2014                                      $       %                       $         %
revenues:
rental income                                                        $762,968             $866,138          $103,170          14%               $992,638          $126,500          15%           $229,670            30%
interest income                                                        30,654               28,214           (2,440)          -8%                 32,255             4,041          14%              1,601             5%
other income                                                            2,471                1,504             (967)         -39%                  2,973             1,469          98%                502            20%
796,093              895,856            99,763          13%              1,027,866           132,010          15%            231,773            29%
property operating expenses                                                                     1,082                1,235               153          14%                    732             (503)         -41%              (350)           -32%
net operating income from continuing operations (noi)                 795,011              894,621            99,610          13%              1,027,134           131,507          15%            232,123            29%
other expenses:
interest expense                                                        1,745               23,322            21,577        1237%                 38,460            15,138          65%             36,715          2104%
loss (gain) on derivatives, net                                            96                4,877             4,781        4980%                (1,770)           (6,647)        -136%            (1,866)         -1944%
depreciation and amortization                                         223,921              249,913            25,992          12%                273,296            23,383           9%             49,375            22%
transaction costs                                                      35,705               24,426          (11,279)         -32%                 45,146            20,720          85%              9,441            26%
loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt, net                              2,405                   40           (2,365)         -98%                     98                58         145%            (2,307)           -96%
provision for loan losses                                              27,008                2,110          (24,898)         -92%                      -           (2,110)        -100%           (27,008)          -100%
other expenses                                                              -                    -                 -          n/a                  8,825             8,825          n/a              8,825            n/a
290,880              304,688            13,808           5%                364,055            59,367          19%             73,175            25%
income from continuing operations before income taxes and income                              504,131              589,933            85,802          17%                663,079            73,146          12%            158,948            32%
(loss) from unconsolidated entities income tax benefit (expense)                                                                  (2,852)              (1,817)             1,035         -36%                  6,141             7,958        -438%              8,993          -315%
income (loss) from unconsolidated entities                                                       (33)                5,035             5,068          n/a                  5,423               388           8%              5,456        -16533%
income from continuing operations                                                             501,246              593,151            91,905          18%                674,643            81,492          14%            173,397            35%
discontinued operations:
gain (loss) on sales of properties, net                               112,309               56,625          (55,684)         -50%                  6,411          (50,214)         -89%          (105,898)           -94%
impairment of assets                                                 (20,612)                    -            20,612        -100%                      -                 -          n/a             20,612          -100%
income from discontinued operations, net                               38,356                1,117          (37,239)         -97%                    724             (393)         -35%           (37,632)           -98%
discontinued operations, net                                          130,053               57,742          (72,311)         -56%                  7,135          (50,607)         -88%          (122,918)           -95%
gain (loss) on real estate dispositions, net                                                        -                    -                 -          n/a                146,205           146,205          n/a            146,205            n/a net income                                                                                    631,299              650,893            19,594           3%                827,983           177,090          27%            196,684            31%
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                         511                1,558             1,047         205%                  1,874               316          20%              1,363           267%
net income attributable to common stockholders                                               $630,788             $649,335           $18,547           3%               $826,109          $176,774          27%           $195,321            31%
the increase in rental income is primarily attributable to the acquisitions of new properties, the transition of 38 properties from our seniors housing operating segment and the conversion of newly constructed seniors housing triple-net properties from which we receive rent. certain of our leases contain annual rental escalators that are contingent upon changes in the consumer price index and/or changes in the gross operating revenues of the tenant's properties.  these escalators are not fixed, so no straight-line rent is recorded; however, rental income is recorded based on the contractual cash rental payments due for the period.  if gross operating revenues at our facilities and/or the consumer price index do not increase, a portion of our revenues may not continue to increase.  sales of real property would offset revenue increases and, to the extent that they exceed new acquisitions, could result in decreased revenues.  our leases could renew above or below current rent rates, resulting in an increase or decrease in rental income.  for the three months ended december 31, 2014, we had no lease renewals but we had 12 leases with rental rate increasers ranging from 0.14% to 0.33% in our seniors housing triple-net portfolio.  the increase in interest income is attributable to investments in new loans and draws on existing loans in the current year (see note 6 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information).
during the year ended december 31, 2014, we completed four seniors housing triple-net construction projects representing $71,569,000 or $185,896 per bed/unit plus expansion projects totaling $18,053,000. the following is a summary of seniors housing triple-net construction projects pending as of december 31, 2014 (dollars in thousands):
53
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations location                   units/beds          commitment          balance         est.
completion upper providence, pa               96             $29,030          $22,718         2q15
mahwah, nj                         96              28,259           16,208         2q15
haddonfield, nj                    52              18,815           11,323         2q15
derby, england                     74              11,501            6,885         2q15
edmond, ok                        142              24,500            3,007         1q16
carrollton, tx                    104              18,900            3,063         1q16
bracknell, england                 64              15,671            6,281         2q16
piscataway, nj                    124              30,600           15,067         4q15
frederick, md                     130              19,000           11,030         4q15
raleigh, nc                       225              93,000           17,827         4q16
total                           1,107            $289,276         $113,409
total interest expense represents secured debt interest expense and interest expense on capital lease obligations offset by interest allocated to discontinued operations. the change in secured debt interest expense is due to the net effect and timing of assumptions, segment transitions, extinguishments and principal amortizations. the following is a summary of our seniors housing triple-net secured debt principal activity (dollars in thousands):
year                               year                              year ended                              ended                             ended

december                           december                          december
31, 2012                           31, 2013                          31, 2014
weighted                          weighted                          weighted avg.                              avg.                              avg.
amount                  interest   amount                 interest   amount                 interest rate                              rate                              rate beginning balance    $259,000                  5.105%   $218,741                 5.393%   $587,136                 5.394%
debt transitioned                   -          0.000%           367,997          5.298%                 -          0.000%
debt issued                     9,387          4.080%            13,800          5.480%                 -          0.000%
debt assumed                   83,002          5.304%             9,578          5.582%           120,352          5.404%
debt extinguished           (128,818)          4.743%          (16,482)          3.304%          (22,970)          6.235%
foreign currency                    -          0.000%                 -          0.000%           (2,180)          5.317%
principal payments            (3,830)          5.556%           (6,498)          5.698%          (11,569)          5.564%
ending balance       $218,741                  5.393%   $587,136                 5.394%   $670,769                 5.337%
monthly averages     $216,314                  5.254%   $339,129                 5.394%   $596,941                 5.381%
the change in loss on debt extinguishment is attributable to the volume of debt payoffs each year.  derivative gains and losses are related to certain foreign currency forward exchange contracts related to properties acquired. please refer to note 11 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
depreciation and amortization increased primarily as a result of new property acquisitions and the conversions of newly constructed properties. to the extent that we acquire or dispose of additional properties in the future, our provision for depreciation and amortization will change accordingly.
transaction costs represent costs incurred with property acquisitions (including due diligence costs, fees for legal and valuation services, and termination of pre-existing relationships computed based on the fair value of the assets acquired), lease termination fees and other similar costs.
the increase in other expenses is primarily related to the reversal of the indemnification asset recorded in connection with the genesis acquisition.  an income tax benefit was recorded in the same amount to reverse the unrecognized tax benefits related to the transaction.  please refer to note 18 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
changes in gains on sales of properties are related to the volume of property sales and the sales prices.  we recognized impairment losses on certain held-for-sale properties in prior years as the fair value less estimated costs to sell exceeded our carrying values. please refer to note 5 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion. the following illustrates the reclassification impact as a result of classifying the properties sold prior to or held for sale at december 31, 2014 as discontinued operations for the periods presented (dollars in thousands):
54
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations year ended december 31,

2012                           2013           2014
rental income                                                    $71,044             $8,987           $881
expenses:
interest expense                        13,723              2,566            157
property operating expenses                215                  -              -
provision for depreciation              18,750              5,304              -
income (loss) from discontinued operations, net                  $38,356             $1,117           $724
during the year ended december 31, 2012, we wrote off one loan related to an entrance fee community.  during the year ended december 31, 2013, we wrote off one loan related to an active adult community.  during the year ended december 31, 2014, we did not record a provision for loan loss or have any loan write-offs.  the provision for loan losses is related to our critical accounting estimate for the allowance for loan losses and is discussed in "critical accounting policies" and note 6 to our consolidated financial statements.
a portion of our seniors housing triple-net properties were formed through partnerships. income or loss from unconsolidated entities represents our share of net income or losses from partnerships where we are the noncontrolling partner. net income attributable to noncontrolling interests represents our partners' share of net income relating to those partnerships where we are the controlling partner.
seniors housing operating the following is a summary of our noi for the seniors housing operating segment (dollars in thousands):
year                                  one                         year                       one                              two ended                              year change                    ended                   year change                      year change

december              december                                                december
31,                   31,                                                     31,
2012                  2013                          $      %                  2014                         $     %                          $      %
sscnoi(1)                                                          $140,968              $146,624                $5,656          4%              $156,072               $9,448         6%               $15,104         11%
noi attributable to non same store properties(2)                     91,056               381,539               290,483        319%               475,191               93,652        25%               384,135        422%
noi                                                                $232,024              $528,163              $296,139        128%              $631,263             $103,100        20%              $399,239        172%
(1) due to increases in cash revenues (described below) related to 74 same store properties.
(2) primarily due to the acquisition of 221 properties subsequent to january 1, 2012 and the transition of 38 properties to our seniors housing triple-net segment on september 1, 2013.
the following is a summary of our results of operations for the seniors housing operating segment (dollars in thousands):
55
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations year                                   one                            year                      one                             two ended                               year change                       ended                  year change                     year change

december                       december                                                 december
31,                                 31,                                                      31,
2012                                   2013   $                            %   2014                                        $       %                        $       %
revenues:
resident fees and services                                    $697,494                     $1,616,290   $918,796                  132%              $1,892,237           $275,947          17%          $1,194,743         171%
interest income                                                         6,208                     757             (5,451)         -88%                   2,119              1,362         180%             (4,089)         -66%
other income                                                                -                     355   355                        n/a                   3,215              2,860         806%               3,215          n/a
703,702               1,617,402             913,700         130%               1,897,571            280,169          17%           1,193,869         170%
property operating expenses                                                                   471,678               1,089,239             617,561         131%               1,266,308            177,069          16%             794,630         168%
net operating income from continuing operations (noi)                 232,024                 528,163             296,139         128%                 631,263            103,100          20%             399,239         172%
other expenses:
interest expense                                                       67,524                  92,148              24,624          36%                 113,099             20,951          23%              45,575          67%
loss (gain) on derivatives, net                                       (1,921)                   (407)               1,514         -79%                     275                682        -168%               2,196        -114%
depreciation and amortization                                         165,798                 478,007             312,209         188%                 418,199           (59,808)         -13%             252,401         152%
transaction costs                                                      12,756                 107,066              94,310         739%                  16,880           (90,186)         -84%               4,124          32%
loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt, net                            (2,697)                 (3,372)               (675)          25%                     383              3,755        -111%               3,080        -114%
other expenses                                                              -                       -                   -          n/a                   1,437              1,437          n/a               1,437          n/a
241,460                 673,442             431,982         179%                 550,273          (123,169)         -18%             308,813         128%
(loss) income from continuing operations before income from                                   (9,436)               (145,279)           (135,843)        1440%                  80,990            226,269        -156%              90,426        -958%
unconsolidated entities income tax expense                                                                            (1,086)                 (5,337)             (4,251)         391%                 (3,047)              2,290         -43%             (1,961)         181%
(loss) income from unconsolidated entities                                                    (6,364)                (22,695)            (16,331)         257%                (38,204)           (15,509)          68%            (31,840)         500%
net income (loss)                                                                            (16,886)               (173,311)           (156,425)         926%                  39,739            213,050        -123%              56,625        -335%
less: net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests                              (3,015)                 (8,639)             (5,624)         187%                 (2,335)              6,304         -73%                 680         -23%
net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders                                 $(13,871)                    $(164,672)   $(150,801)               1087%                 $42,074           $206,746        -126%             $55,945        -403%
fluctuations in revenues and property operating expenses are primarily a result of acquisitions subsequent to january 1, 2012, partially offset by the transition of 38 properties to seniors housing triple-net on september 1, 2013. interest income for the years ended december 31, 2012 and 2013 relates to the sunrise loan funded during the three months ended december 31, 2012 and acquired in january 2013 (please refer to note 6 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information). the fluctuations in depreciation and amortization are due to the net impact of acquisitions and variations in amortization of short-lived intangible assets. to the extent that we acquire or dispose of additional properties in the future, these amounts will change accordingly. losses from unconsolidated entities are primarily attributable to depreciation and amortization of short-lived intangible assets related to our investments in unconsolidated joint ventures with chartwell in 2012, sunrise in 2013 and senior resource group in 2014.
the following is a summary of our seniors housing operating construction projects, excluding expansions, pending as of december 31, 2014 (dollars in thousands):
location            units/beds         commitment         balance      est.
completion

edgbaston, england               70            $20,820         $19,571         2q15
camberley, england              102             21,613          11,142         4q15
total                           172            $42,433         $30,713
interest expense represents secured debt interest expense as well as interest expense related to our canadian-denominated unsecured term credit facility and sterling-denominated senior unsecured notes. the increases in interest expense are attributed primarily to the £550,000,000 sterling-dominated senior unsecured notes issued in november 2013 and the £500,000,000 sterling-dominated senior unsecured notes issued in november 2014. please refer to note 10 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. the following is a summary of our seniors housing operating property secured debt principal activity (dollars in thousands):
56
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations year                                year                                year ended                               ended                               ended

december   december                            december
31, 2012   31, 2013                            31, 2014
weighted                            weighted                            weighted avg.                                avg.                                avg.
amount        interest   amount                   interest   amount                   interest rate                                rate                                rate beginning balance           $1,318,599          4.665%   $1,369,526                 4.874%   $1,714,714                 4.622%
debt issued                    148,031          4.220%              75,408          4.891%             109,503          3.374%
debt assumed                   115,371          5.512%           1,228,706          4.063%              18,484          4.359%
debt extinguished            (193,962)          4.395%           (548,876)          3.597%           (114,793)          3.626%
debt transitioned                    -          0.000%           (367,997)          5.298%                   -          0.000%
foreign currency                   187          5.624%            (10,361)          4.013%            (39,379)          3.727%
principal payments            (18,700)          4.850%            (31,692)          4.643%            (33,998)          4.296%
ending balance              $1,369,526          4.874%   $1,714,714                 4.622%   $1,654,531                 4.422%
monthly averages            $1,366,758          4.866%   $1,723,122                 4.820%   $1,657,416                 4.515%
the fluctuations in gains/losses on debt extinguishments is primarily attributable the volume of extinguishments and terms of the related secured debt. derivative gains relate primarily to foreign currency forward exchange contracts entered into in conjunction with international investments made during the respective years.  please refer to note 11 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
transaction costs represent costs incurred with property acquisitions (including due diligence costs, fees for legal and valuation services, and termination of pre-existing relationships computed based on the fair value of the assets acquired), lease termination fees and other similar costs. the change in transaction costs from year to year is primarily a function of investment volume. the majority of our seniors housing operating properties are formed through partnership interests. net income attributable to noncontrolling interests represents our partners' share of net income or loss related to those partnerships where we are the controlling partner.
medical facilities the following is a summary of our noi for the medical facilities segment (dollars in thousands):
year                                 one                       year                        one                              two ended                             year change                  ended                    year change                      year change

december             december                                             december
31,                  31,                                                  31,
2012                 2013                        $     %                  2014                         $      %                         $      %
sscnoi(1)                                                             $152,005             $154,050              $2,045         1%              $156,511               $2,461          2%               $4,506          3%
non-cash noi attributable to same store properties(1)                    5,720                5,248               (472)        -8%                 3,290              (1,958)        -37%              (2,430)        -42%
noi attributable to non same store properties(2)                        51,383               91,417              40,034        78%               121,313               29,896         33%               69,930        136%
noi                                                                   $209,108             $250,715             $41,607        20%              $281,114              $30,399         12%              $72,006         34%
(1) due to increases in cash and non-cash revenues (described below) related to 138 same store properties.
(2) primarily due to the acquisition of 74 properties and conversions of construction projects into 19 revenue-generating properties subsequent to january 1, 2012.
57
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following is a summary of our results of operations for the medical facilities segment (dollars in thousands):
year                               one                        year                   one                           two ended                           year change                   ended               year change                   year change

december             december                                           december
31,                  31,                                                31,
2012                                2013                     $       %   2014                                  $       %                     $       %
revenues:
rental income                                                        $300,246             $361,451          $61,205          20%             $413,129         $51,678          14%         $112,883          38%
interest income                                                         2,203                3,692            1,489          68%                3,293           (399)         -11%            1,090          49%
other income                                                            1,888                1,911               23           1%                1,010           (901)         -47%            (878)         -47%
304,337              367,054           62,717          21%              417,432          50,378          14%          113,095          37%
property operating expenses                                                                    95,229              116,339           21,110          22%              136,318          19,979          17%           41,089          43%
net operating income from continuing operations (noi)                 209,108              250,715           41,607          20%              281,114          30,399          12%           72,006          34%
other expenses:
interest expense                                                       28,878               36,823            7,945          28%               32,904         (3,919)         -11%            4,026          14%
depreciation and amortization                                         116,501              137,880           21,379          18%              152,635          14,755          11%           36,134          31%
transaction costs                                                      13,148                1,909         (11,239)         -85%                7,512           5,603         294%          (5,636)         -43%
loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt, net                              (483)                    -              483        -100%                  405             405          n/a              888          n/a
158,044              176,612           18,568          12%              193,456          16,844          10%           35,412          22%
income from continuing operations before income taxes and income                               51,064               74,103           23,039          45%               87,658          13,555          18%           36,594          72%
(loss) from unconsolidated entities income tax expense                                                                            (2,381)                (270)            2,111         -89%              (1,827)         (1,557)         577%              554         -23%
income (loss) from unconsolidated entities                                                      8,879                9,473              594           7%                5,355         (4,118)         -43%          (3,524)         -40%
income from continuing operations                                                              57,562               83,306           25,744          45%               91,186           7,880           9%           33,624          58%
discontinued operations:
gain (loss) on sales of properties, net                              (11,759)              (7,487)            4,272         -36%                    -           7,487        -100%           11,759        -100%
impairment of assets                                                  (8,676)                    -            8,676        -100%                    -               -          n/a            8,676        -100%
income (loss) from discontinued operations, net                         4,440                1,458          (2,982)         -67%                    -         (1,458)        -100%          (4,440)        -100%
discontinued operations, net                                         (15,995)              (6,029)            9,966         -62%                    -           6,029        -100%           15,995        -100%
gain (loss) on real estate dispositions, net                                                        -                    -                -          n/a                  906             906          n/a              906          n/a net income (loss)                                                                              41,567               77,277           35,710          86%               92,092          14,815          19%           50,525         122%
less: net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests                                   89                  310              221         248%                  608             298          96%              519         583%
net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders                                         $41,478              $76,967          $35,489          86%              $91,484         $14,517          19%          $50,006         121%
the increase in rental income is primarily attributable to the acquisitions of new properties and the conversion of newly constructed medical facility properties from which we receive rent. certain of our leases contain annual rental escalators that are contingent upon changes in the consumer price index.  these escalators are not fixed, so no straight-line rent is recorded; however, rental income is recorded based on the contractual cash rental payments due for the period.  if the consumer price index does not increase, a portion of our revenues may not continue to increase.  sales of real property would offset revenue increases and, to the extent that they exceed new acquisitions, could result in decreased revenues.  our leases could renew above or below current rent rates, resulting in an increase or decrease in rental income.  for the three months ended december 31, 2014, our consolidated medical office building portfolio signed 72,159 square feet of new leases and 251,399 square feet of renewals.  the weighted-average term of these leases was six years, with a rate of $26.25 per square foot and tenant improvement and lease commission costs of $21.23 per square foot.  substantially all of these leases during the referenced quarter contain an annual fixed or contingent escalation rent structure ranging from the change in cpi to 4%.
during the year ended december 31, 2014, we completed seven medical office building construction projects representing $127,290,000 or $243 per square foot. the following is a summary of medical office building construction projects pending as of december 31, 2014 (dollars in thousands):
58
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations location     square         commitment         balance      est.
feet                                       completion

houston, tx    51,057            $17,600         $12,801         1q15
bel air, md    99,184             26,386           2,391         1q16
total         150,241            $43,986         $15,192
total interest expense represents secured debt interest expense offset by interest allocated to discontinued operations. the change in secured debt interest expense is primarily due to the net effect and timing of assumptions, extinguishments and principal amortizations. the following is a summary of our medical facility secured debt principal activity (dollars in thousands):
year                              year                              year ended                             ended                             ended

december                          december                          december
31, 2012                          31, 2013                          31, 2014
weighted                          weighted                           weighted avg.                              avg.                               avg.
amount                 interest   amount                 interest   amount                  interest rate                              rate                               rate beginning balance    $520,066                 5.981%   $713,720                 5.950%   $700,427                  5.999%
debt assumed                 246,371          5.888%            52,574          6.126%             66,113          3.670%
debt extinguished           (37,622)          5.858%          (49,017)          5.357%          (141,796)          5.567%
principal payments          (15,095)          6.180%          (16,850)          6.193%           (15,476)          5.797%
ending balance       $713,720                 5.950%   $700,427                 5.999%   $609,268                  5.838%
monthly averages     $669,753                 5.952%   $708,107                 5.956%   $626,797                  5.928%
the increases in property operating expenses and depreciation and amortization are primarily attributable to acquisitions and construction conversions of new medical facilities for which we incur certain property operating expenses offset by discontinued operations.
transaction costs represent costs incurred with property acquisitions (including due diligence costs, fees for legal and valuation services, and termination of pre-existing relationships computed based on the fair value of the assets acquired), lease termination fees and other similar costs.  the fluctuations in transaction costs are primarily due to acquisition volume fluctuations in the relevant years.
income from unconsolidated entities represents our share of net income or losses related to our joint venture investment with forest city enterprises and certain unconsolidated property investments related to our strategic joint venture relationship with a national medical office building company. the decrease is primarily attributable to lower occupancy in the current year.
changes in gains/losses on sales of properties are related to volume of property sales and the sales prices.  we recognized impairment losses on certain held for sale properties in prior years as the fair value less estimated costs to sell exceeded our carrying values.  please refer to note 5 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion. the following illustrates the reclassification impact as a result of classifying the properties sold prior to or held for sale at december 31, 2014 as discontinued operations for the periods presented (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,

2012                           2013
rental income                                                   $25,334              $9,390
expenses:
interest expense                        8,013               1,681
property operating expenses             4,267               3,396
provision for depreciation              8,614               2,855
income (loss) from discontinued operations, net                  $4,440              $1,458
a portion of our medical facility properties were formed through partnerships. net income attributable to noncontrolling interests represents our partners' share of net income or loss relating to those partnerships where we are the controlling partner.
non-segment/corporate
59
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following is a summary of our results of operations for the non-segment/corporate activities (dollars in thousands):
year                                        one                                year                one                            two ended                                       year change                        ended               year change                    year change december                december                                               december
31,                     31,                                                    31,
2012                                     2013   $                          %   2014                    $                          %   $                          %
revenues:
other income                                      $912                    $296                $(616)                  -68%       $677                $381                    129%   $(235)                  -26%
expenses:
interest expense                                            263,418                 306,067            42,649          16%                 296,576           (9,491)          -3%            33,158          13%
general and administrative                                   97,341                 108,318            10,977          11%                 142,943            34,625          32%            45,602          47%
loss (gain) on extinguishments of debt, net                       -                   2,423             2,423          n/a                   8,672             6,249         258%             8,672          n/a
360,759                 416,808            56,049          16%                 448,191            31,383           8%            87,432          24%
loss from continuing operations before income taxes                                   (359,847)               (416,512)          (56,665)          16%               (447,514)          (31,002)           7%          (87,667)          24%
income tax expense                                                                      (1,293)                    (67)             1,226         -95%                       -   67                     -100%             1,293        -100%
net loss                                                                              (361,140)               (416,579)          (55,439)          15%               (447,514)          (30,935)           7%          (86,374)          24%
preferred stock dividends                                                                69,129                  66,336           (2,793)          -4%                  65,408             (928)          -1%           (3,721)          -5%
preferred stock redemption charge                                                         6,242                       -           (6,242)        -100%                       -                 -          n/a           (6,242)        -100%
net loss attributable to common stockholders                                  $(436,511)              $(482,915)          $(46,404)                11%       $(512,922)          $(30,007)                 6%   $(76,411)                18%
other income primarily represents income from non-real estate activities such as interest earned on temporary investments of cash reserves.  the following is a summary of our non-segment/corporate interest expense (dollars in thousands):
year                            one                      year                   one                          two ended                        year change                 ended               year change                  year change

december             december                                       december
31,                  31,                                            31,
2012                               2013                  $      %   2014                 $                        %                    $      %
senior unsecured notes                        $249,564             $279,617       $30,053         12%             $280,037   $420                    0%         $30,473         12%
secured debt                                       557                  495          (62)        -11%                  460             (35)         -7%            (97)        -17%
primary unsecured credit facility               11,769               15,498         3,729         32%                8,914          (6,584)        -42%         (2,855)        -24%
capitalized interest                           (9,777)              (6,700)         3,077        -31%              (7,150)            (450)          7%           2,627        -27%
interest swap savings                             (96)                 (14)            82        -85%                 (14)              (0)          3%              82        -85%
loan expense                                    11,401               17,171         5,770         51%               14,329          (2,842)        -17%           2,928         26%
totals                                        $263,418             $306,067       $42,649         16%             $296,576   $(9,491)               -3%         $33,158         13%
the change in interest expense on senior unsecured notes is due to the net effect of issuances and extinguishments, excluding our sterling-denominated senior unsecured notes, both of which are in our seniors housing operating segment.  please refer to note 10 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.  we capitalize certain interest costs associated with funds used for the construction of properties owned directly by us. the amount capitalized is based upon the balances outstanding during the construction period using the rate of interest that approximates our cost of financing. our interest expense is reduced by the amount capitalized.  the change in capitalized interest is due to both changes in construction fundings and in our weighted-average cost of financing.  please see note 11 to our consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our interest rate swap agreements and their impact on interest expense.  loan expense represents the amortization of deferred loan costs incurred in connection with the issuance and amendments of debt. loan expense changes are due to amortization of charges for costs incurred in connection with senior unsecured note issuances.  the change in interest expense on our primary unsecured credit facility is due primarily to the net effect and timing of draws, paydowns and variable interest rate changes.  please refer to note 9 of our consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding our primary unsecured credit facility.
general and administrative expenses as a percentage of consolidated revenues (including revenues from discontinued operations)
60
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 were 4.27%, 3.74% and 5.12%, respectively.  the increase in general and administrative expenses is primarily related to costs associated with our initiatives to attract and retain appropriate personnel to achieve our business objectives and $19,688,000 of ceo transition costs.  the changes in percent of revenue are primarily related to the increasing revenue base as a result of our acquisitions.  the loss on extinguishment of debt is due to the refinancing of our primary unsecured credit facility and the redemption of convertible senior notes.  please see notes 9 and 13 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.  the changes in preferred stock dividends and redemption charge are primarily attributable to the net effect of issuances, redemptions and conversions.  please see note 13 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
other non-gaap financial measures we believe that net income, as defined by u.s. gaap, is the most appropriate earnings measurement. however, we consider ffo to be a useful supplemental measure of our operating performance. historical cost accounting for real estate assets in accordance with u.s. gaap implicitly assumes that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time as evidenced by the provision for depreciation. however, since real estate values have historically risen or fallen with market conditions, many industry investors and analysts have considered presentations of operating results for real estate companies that use historical cost accounting to be insufficient. in response, the national association of real estate investment trusts ("nareit") created ffo as a supplemental measure of operating performance for reits that excludes historical cost depreciation from net income. ffo, as defined by nareit, means net income attributable to common stockholders, computed in accordance with u.s. gaap, excluding gains (or losses) from sales of real estate and impairment of depreciable assets, plus depreciation and amortization, and after adjustments for unconsolidated entities and noncontrolling interests.
net operating income from continuing operations ("noi") is used to evaluate the operating performance of our properties. we define noi as total revenues, including tenant reimbursements, less property operating expenses.  property operating expenses represent costs associated with managing, maintaining and servicing tenants for our seniors housing operating and medical facility properties.  these expenses include, but are not limited to, property-related payroll and benefits, property management fees, marketing, housekeeping, food service, maintenance, utilities, property taxes and insurance.  general and administrative expenses represent costs unrelated to property operations or transaction costs.  these expenses include, but are not limited to, payroll and benefits, professional services, office expenses and depreciation of corporate fixed assets.  same store cash noi ("sscnoi") is used to evaluate the cash-based operating performance of our properties under a consistent population which eliminates changes in the composition of our portfolio.  as used herein, same store is generally defined as those revenue-generating properties in the portfolio for the full three year reporting period.  any properties acquired, developed, transitioned or classified in discontinued operations during that period are excluded from the same store amounts.  we believe noi and sscnoi provide investors relevant and useful information because they measure the operating performance of our properties at the property level on an unleveraged basis. we use noi and sscnoi to make decisions about resource allocations and to assess the property level performance of our properties.
ebitda stands for earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. we believe that ebitda, along with net income and cash flow provided from operating activities, is an important supplemental measure because it provides additional information to assess and evaluate the performance of our operations. we primarily utilize ebitda to measure our interest coverage ratio, which represents ebitda divided by total interest, and our fixed charge coverage ratio, which represents ebitda divided by fixed charges. fixed charges include total interest, secured debt principal amortization and preferred dividends.
a covenant in our primary unsecured credit facility contains a financial ratio based on a definition of ebitda that is specific to that agreement. failure to satisfy these covenants could result in an event of default that could have a material adverse impact on our cost and availability of capital, which could in turn have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations, liquidity and/or financial condition. due to the materiality of these debt agreements and the financial covenants, we have disclosed adjusted ebitda, which represents ebitda as defined above and adjusted for stock-based compensation expense, provision for loan losses and gain/loss on extinguishment of debt. we use adjusted ebitda to measure our adjusted fixed charge coverage ratio, which represents adjusted ebitda divided by fixed charges on a trailing twelve months basis. fixed charges include total interest (excluding capitalized interest and non-cash interest expenses), secured debt principal amortization and preferred dividends. our covenant requires an adjusted fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 1.50 times.
other than adjusted ebitda, our supplemental reporting measures and similarly entitled financial measures are widely used by investors, equity and debt analysts and rating agencies in the valuation, comparison, rating and investment recommendations of companies. management uses these financial measures to facilitate internal and external comparisons to our historical operating results and in making operating decisions. additionally, these measures are utilized by the board of directors to evaluate management. adjusted ebitda is used solely to determine our compliance with a financial covenant in our primary unsecured credit
61
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations facility and is not being presented for use by investors for any other purpose. none of our supplemental measures represent net income or cash flow provided from operating activities as determined in accordance with u.s. gaap and should not be considered as alternative measures of profitability or liquidity. finally, the supplemental measures, as defined by us, may not be comparable to similarly entitled items reported by other real estate investment trusts or other companies.
the table below reflects the reconciliation of ffo to net income attributable to common stockholders, the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measure, for the periods presented. the provisions for depreciation and amortization include provisions for depreciation and amortization from discontinued operations. noncontrolling interest and unconsolidated entity amounts represent adjustments to reflect our share of depreciation and amortization.  amounts are in thousands except for per share data.
year ended december 31,

ffo reconciliation:                                 2012                                   2013                     2014
net income attributable to common stockholders                  $221,884                $78,714                 $446,745
depreciation and amortization                                    533,585                873,960                  844,130
impairment of assets                                              29,287                      -                        -
loss (gain) on sales of properties                             (100,549)               (49,138)                (153,522)
noncontrolling interests                                        (21,058)               (36,304)                 (37,852)
unconsolidated entities                                           34,408                 57,652                   74,580
funds from operations                                           $697,557               $924,884               $1,174,081
average common shares outstanding:
basic                                  224,343                276,929                  306,272
diluted                                225,953                278,761                  307,747
per share data:
net income attributable to common stockholders basic                                    $0.99                  $0.28                    $1.46
diluted                                   0.98                   0.28                     1.45
funds from operations basic                                    $3.11                  $3.34                    $3.83
diluted                                   3.09                   3.32                     3.82
62
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the table below reflects the reconciliation of adjusted ebitda to net income, the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measure, for the periods presented. interest expense and the provisions for depreciation and amortization include discontinued operations. dollars are in thousands.
year ended december 31,

adjusted ebitda reconciliation:                             2012                   2013                   2014
net income                                                              $294,840               $138,280               $512,300
interest expense                                                         383,300                462,606                481,196
income tax expense (benefit)                                               7,612                  7,491                (1,267)
depreciation and amortization                                            533,585                873,960                844,130
stock-based compensation expense                                          18,521                 20,177                 32,075
provision for loan losses                                                 27,008                  2,110                      -
loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt                                      (775)                  (909)                  9,558
adjusted ebitda                                                       $1,264,091             $1,503,715             $1,877,992
adjusted interest coverage ratio:
interest expense                                                        $383,300               $462,606               $481,196
capitalized interest                                                       9,777                  6,700                  7,150
non-cash interest expense                                               (11,395)                (4,044)                (2,427)
total interest                                      381,682                465,262                485,919
adjusted ebitda                                                       $1,264,091             $1,503,715             $1,877,992
adjusted interest coverage ratio                      3.31x                  3.23x                  3.86x adjusted fixed charge coverage ratio:
interest expense                                                        $383,300               $462,606               $481,196
capitalized interest                                                       9,777                  6,700                  7,150
non-cash interest expense                                               (11,395)                (4,044)                (2,427)
secured debt principal payments                                           38,744                 56,205                 62,280
preferred dividends                                                       69,129                 66,336                 65,408
total fixed charges                                 489,555                587,803                613,607
adjusted ebitda                                                       $1,264,091             $1,503,715             $1,877,992
adjusted fixed charge coverage ratio                  2.58x                  2.56x                  3.06x
63
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following tables reflect the reconciliation of noi and sscnoi to net income attributable to common stockholders, the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measure, for the periods presented.  amounts are in thousands.
year ended december 31,

noi reconciliation:                                                                                         2012                                          2013                       2014
total revenues:
seniors housing triple-net                                                                                 $796,093                   $895,856                 $1,027,866
seniors housing operating                                                                                   703,702                  1,617,402                  1,897,571
medical facilities                                                                                          304,337                    367,054                    417,432
non-segment/corporate                                                                                           912                        296                        677
total revenues                                                  1,805,044                  2,880,608                  3,343,546
property operating expenses:
seniors housing triple-net                                                                                    1,082                      1,235                        732
seniors housing operating                                                                                   471,678                  1,089,239                  1,266,308
medical facilities                                                                                           95,229                    116,339                    136,318
total property operating expenses                                 567,989                  1,206,813                  1,403,358
net operating income:
seniors housing triple-net                                                                                  795,011                    894,621                  1,027,134
seniors housing operating                                                                                   232,024                    528,163                    631,263
medical facilities                                                                                          209,108                    250,715                    281,114
non-segment/corporate                                                                                           912                        296                        677
net operating income from continuing operations                $1,237,055                 $1,673,795                 $1,940,188
reconciling items:
interest expense                                                                                          (361,565)                  (458,360)                  (481,039)
gain (loss) on derivatives, net                                                                               1,825                    (4,470)                      1,495
depreciation and amortization                                                                             (506,220)                  (865,800)                  (844,130)
general and administrative                                                                                 (97,341)                  (108,318)                  (142,943)
transaction costs                                                                                          (61,609)                  (133,401)                   (69,538)
gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt, net                                                                      775                        909                    (9,558)
other expenses                                                                                                    -                          -                   (10,262)
provision for loan losses                                                                                  (27,008)                    (2,110)                          -
income tax benefit (expense)                                                                                (7,612)                    (7,491)                      1,267
income (loss) from unconsolidated entities                                                                    2,482                    (8,187)                   (27,426)
income (loss) from discontinued operations, net                                                             114,058                     51,713                      7,135
gain (loss) on real estate dispositions, net                                                                      -                          -                    147,111
preferred dividends                                                                                        (69,129)                   (66,336)                   (65,408)
preferred stock redemption charge                                                                           (6,242)                          -                          -
loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests                                                        2,415                      6,770                      (147)
(1,015,171)                (1,595,081)                (1,493,443)
net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders                                                                      $221,884                    $78,714                   $446,745
64
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations year ended december 31,

same store cash noi reconciliation:                                                               2012                     2013                        2014
net operating income from continuing operations:
seniors housing triple-net                                                     $795,011                 $894,621                  $1,027,134
seniors housing operating                                                       232,024                  528,163                     631,263
medical facilities                                                              209,108                  250,715                     281,114
total                                 1,236,143                1,673,499                   1,939,511
adjustments:
seniors housing triple-net:
non-cash noi on same store properties                           (34,176)                 (33,747)                    (53,136)
noi attributable to non same store properties                  (170,923)                (262,639)                   (355,326)
subtotal                              (205,099)                (296,386)                   (408,462)
seniors housing operating:
noi attributable to non same store properties                   (91,056)                (381,539)                   (475,191)
subtotal                               (91,056)                (381,539)                   (475,191)
medical facilities:
non-cash noi on same store properties                            (5,720)                  (5,248)                     (3,290)
noi attributable to non same store properties                   (51,383)                 (91,417)                   (121,313)
subtotal                               (57,103)                 (96,665)                   (124,603)
total                                 (353,258)                (774,590)                 (1,008,256)
same store cash net operating income:
seniors housing triple-net                                                      589,912                  598,235                     618,672
seniors housing operating                                                       140,968                  146,624                     156,072
medical facilities                                                              152,005                  154,050                     156,511
total                                  $882,885                 $898,909                    $931,255
same store cash noi property reconciliation:
total properties                                                                  1,260
acquisitions                                                                      (490)
developments                                                                       (32)
disposals/held-for-sale                                                            (21)
segment transitions                                                                (40)
other(1)                                                                           (12)
same store properties                                                665
(1) includes nine land parcels and three loans.
65
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations critical accounting policies our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap, which requires us to make estimates and assumptions.  management considers accounting estimates or assumptions critical if:
·         the nature of the estimates or assumptions is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change; and
·         the impact of the estimates and assumptions on financial condition or operating performance is material.
management has discussed the development and selection of its critical accounting policies with the audit committee of the board of directors and the audit committee has reviewed the disclosure presented below relating to them.  management believes the current assumptions and other considerations used to estimate amounts reflected in our consolidated financial statements are appropriate and are not reasonably likely to change in the future.  however, since these estimates require assumptions to be made that were uncertain at the time the estimate was made, they bear the risk of change.  if actual experience differs from the assumptions and other considerations used in estimating amounts reflected in our consolidated financial statements, the resulting changes could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, liquidity and/or financial condition.  please refer to note 1 to our consolidated financial statements for further information on significant accounting policies that impact us. there were no material changes to these policies in 2014.
the following table presents information about our critical accounting policies, as well as the material assumptions used to develop each estimate:
nature of critical                                                             assumptions/approach accounting estimate                                                                     used

principles of consolidation                                                    we the consolidated                                                               make judgments about which entities are vies based on an assessment of financial statements include our accounts, the accounts of our wholly-owned    whether (i) the equity investors as a group, if any, do not have a subsidiaries and the accounts of joint venture entities in which we own a      controlling financial interest, or (ii) the equity investment at risk is majority voting interest with the ability to control operations and where no   insufficient to finance that entity's activities without additional substantive participating rights or substantive kick out rights have been      subordinated financial support. we make granted to the noncontrolling interests. in addition, we consolidate those     judgments with respect to our level of influence or control of an entity and entities deemed to be variable interest entities (vies) in which we are        whether we are (or are not) the primary beneficiary of a vie. consideration determined to be the primary beneficiary. all material intercompany            of various factors includes, but is not limited to, our ability to direct the transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation.               activities that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance, our form of ownership interest, our representation on the entity's governing body, the size and seniority of our investment, our ability and the rights of other investors to participate in policy making decisions, replace the manager and/or liquidate the entity, if applicable. our ability to correctly assess our influence or control over an entity at inception of our involvement or on a continuous basis when determining the primary beneficiary of a vie affects the presentation of these entities in our consolidated financial statements. if we perform a primary beneficiary analysis at a date other than at inception of the variable interest entity, our assumptions may be different and may result in the identification of a different primary beneficiary.
income taxes                                                                   our determinations as part of the                                                                 are based on interpretation of tax laws, and our conclusions may have an process of preparing our consolidated financial statements, significant        impact on the income tax expense recognized. adjustments to income tax management judgment is required to evaluate our compliance with reit           expense may be required as a result of: (i) audits conducted by federal requirements.                                                                  and state tax authorities, (ii) our ability to qualify as a reit,
(iii) the potential for built-in-gain recognized related to prior-tax-free acquisitions of c corporations and (iv) changes in tax laws. adjustments required in any given period are included in income.
66
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations nature of critical                                                              assumptions/approach accounting estimate                                                                      used

business combinations                                                           we make estimates real property                                                                   as part of our allocation of the purchase price of acquisitions to the developed by us is recorded at cost, including the capitalization of            various components of the acquisition based upon the relative fair value of construction period interest. the cost of real property acquired is allocated   each component. the most significant components of our allocations are to net tangible and identifiable intangible assets based on their respective    typically the allocation of fair value to the buildings as-if-vacant, land fair values. tangible assets primarily consist of land, buildings and           and in-place leases. in the case of the fair value of buildings and the improvements. the remaining purchase price is allocated among identifiable      allocation of value to land and other intangibles, our estimates of the intangible assets primarily consisting of the above or below market component   values of these components will affect the amount of depreciation and of in-place leases and the value of in-place leases. the total amount of        amortization we record over the estimated useful life of the property other intangible assets acquired is further allocated to in-place lease         acquired or the remaining lease term. in the case of the value of in-place values and customer relationship values based on management's evaluation of     leases, we make our best estimates based on our evaluation of the specific the specific characteristics of each tenant's lease and the company's overall   characteristics of each tenant's lease. factors considered include estimates relationship with that respective tenant.                                       of carrying costs during hypothetical expected lease-up periods, market conditions and costs to execute similar leases. our assumptions affect the amount of future revenue that we will recognize over the remaining lease term for the acquired in-place leases.
we compute depreciation and amortization on our properties using the straight-line method based on their estimated useful lives which range from 15 to
40 years for buildings and five to 15 years for improvements. amortization periods for intangibles are based on the remaining life of the lease.
allowance for loan losses                                                                                                the determination we maintain an                                                                                                           of the allowance is based on a quarterly evaluation of all outstanding loans, allowance for loan losses in accordance with u.s. gaap. the allowance for                                                including general economic conditions and estimated collectability of loan loan losses is maintained at a level believed adequate to absorb potential                                               payments and principal. we evaluate the collectability of our loans losses in our loans receivable. the determination of the allowance is based                                              receivable based on a combination of factors, including, but not limited to, on a quarterly evaluation of all outstanding loans. if this evaluation                                                   delinquency status, historical loan charge-offs, financial strength of the indicates that there is a greater risk of loan charge-offs, additional                                                   borrower and guarantors and value of the underlying property.
allowances or placement on non-accrual status may be required. a loan is impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that we will be unable to collect all amounts due as scheduled according to the contractual terms of the original loan agreement. consistent with this definition, all loans on non-accrual are deemed impaired. to the extent circumstances improve and the risk of collectability is diminished, we will return these loans to full accrual status.
fair value of derivative instruments                                                                                     the valuation of derivative instruments requires us to make the valuation of derivative instruments is accounted for in                                                              estimates and judgments that affect the fair value of the instruments. fair accordance with u.s. gaap, which requires companies to record derivatives at                                             values of our forward exchange contracts are estimated using pricing models fair market value on the balance sheet as assets or liabilities.                                                         that consider forward currency spot rates, forward trade rates and discount rates. fair values of our interest rate swaps are estimated by utilizing pricing models that consider forward yield curves, discount rates and counterparty credit risk. such amounts and their recognition are subject to significant estimates which may change in the future.
67
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations nature of critical                                                                   assumptions/approach accounting estimate                                                                           used

revenue recognition                                                             we evaluate the revenue is recorded                                                             collectability of our revenues and related receivables on an on-going basis.
in accordance with u.s. gaap, which requires that revenue be recognized after   we evaluate collectability based on assumptions and other considerations four basic criteria are met. these four criteria include persuasive evidence    including, but not limited to, the certainty of payment, payment history, the of an arrangement, the rendering of service, fixed and determinable income      financial strength of the investment's underlying operations as measured by and reasonably assured collectability. if the collectability of revenue is      cash flows and payment coverages, the value of the underlying collateral and determined incorrectly, the amount and timing of our reported revenue could     guaranties and current economic conditions.
be significantly affected. interest income on loans is recognized as earned     if our evaluation based upon the principal amount outstanding subject to an evaluation of         indicates that collectability is not reasonably assured, we may place an collectability risk. substantially all of our operating leases contain fixed    investment on non-accrual or reserve against all or a portion of current and/or contingent escalating rent structures. leases with fixed annual rental   income as an offset to revenue.
escalators are generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the initial lease period, subject to a collectability assessment. rental income related to leases with contingent rental escalators is generally recorded based on the contractual cash rental payments due for the period. we recognize resident fees and services, other than move-in fees, monthly as services are provided. lease agreements with residents generally have a term of one year and are cancelable by the resident with 30 days' notice.
impairment of long-lived assets                                                 the net book value of we review our                                                                   long-lived assets is reviewed quarterly on a property by property basis to long-lived assets for potential impairment in accordance with u.s. gaap. an     determine if there are indicators of impairment. these indicators may impairment charge must be recognized when the carrying value of a long-lived    include anticipated operating losses at the property level, the tenant's asset is not recoverable. the carrying value is not recoverable if it           inability to make rent payments, a decision to dispose of an asset before the exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the      end of its estimated useful life and changes in the market that may use and eventual disposition of the asset. if it is determined that a           permanently reduce the value of the property. if indicators of impairment permanent impairment of a long-lived asset has occurred, the carrying value     exist, then the undiscounted future cash flows from the most likely use of of the asset is reduced to its fair value and an impairment charge is           the property are compared to the current net book value. this analysis recognized for the difference between the carrying value and the fair value.    requires us to determine if indicators of impairment exist and to estimate the most likely stream of cash flows to be generated from the property during the period the property is expected to be held.
68
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
