item 1a - risk factors like other companies in our industry, xcel energy is subject to a variety of risks, many of which are beyond our control. important risks that may adversely affect the business, financial condition, and results of operations are further described below. these risks should be carefully considered together with the other information set forth in this report and in future reports that xcel energy files with the sec.
oversight of risk and related processes a key accountability of the board of directors is to identify, manage and mitigate material risk. our board employs an effective process for doing so, combining management and board risk oversight. the guidelines on corporate governance and board committee charters define the scope of review and inquiry for the board and its committees regarding risk management. as provided below, management and each committee has responsibility for overseeing aspects of risk management and mitigation of the risk.
management identifies and analyzes risks to determine materiality and other attributes such as timing, probability and controllability, broadly considering our business, the utility industry, the domestic and global economy and the environment. identification and analysis occurs formally through a key risk assessment process conducted by senior management, the financial disclosure process, the hazard risk management process and internal auditing and compliance with financial and operational controls. management also identifies and analyzes risk through its business planning process and development of goals and key performance indicators, which include risk identification to determine barriers to implementing xcel energy's strategy. at the same time, the business planning process identifies areas in which there is a potential for a business area to take inappropriate risk to meet goals and determines how to prevent inappropriate risk-taking.
at a threshold level, xcel energy has developed a robust compliance program and promotes a culture of compliance, including tone at the top, which mitigates risk. the process for risk mitigation includes adherence to our code of conduct and other compliance policies, operation of formal risk management structures and groups, and overall business management to mitigate the risks inherent in the implementation strategy. building on this culture of compliance, xcel energy manages and further mitigates risks through operation of formal risk management structures and groups, including management councils, risk committees and the services of internal corporate areas such as internal audit, the corporate controller and legal services.
management communicates regularly with the board and key stakeholders regarding risk. senior management presents a periodic assessment of key risks to the board. the presentation of the key risks and the discussion provides the board with information on the risks management believes are material, including the earnings impact, timing, likelihood and controllability. management also provides information to the board in presentations and communications over the course of the year.
the board has assigned several important aspects of its governance and oversight to four standing committees to ensure issues and risks are well understood and effectively managed. while the board as a whole reviews management's key risk assessment and analyzes areas of potential future risk to xcel energy, the committees provide focused oversight of specific risks assigned to them. this provides robust and comprehensive risk management that is critical to successful execution of corporate strategy.
38
risks associated with our business environmental risks we are subject to environmental laws and regulations, with which compliance could be difficult and costly.
we are subject to environmental laws and regulations that affect many aspects of our past, present and future operations, including air emissions, water quality, wastewater discharges and the generation, transport and disposal of solid wastes and hazardous substances. these laws and regulations require us to obtain and comply with a wide variety of environmental requirements including those for protected natural and cultural resources (such as wetlands, endangered species and other protected wildlife, and archaeological and historical resources), licenses, permits, inspections and other approvals. environmental laws and regulations can also require us to restrict or limit the output of certain facilities or the use of certain fuels, install pollution control equipment at our facilities, clean up spills and other contamination and correct environmental hazards. environmental regulations may also lead to shutdown of existing facilities, either due to the difficulty in assuring compliance or that the costs of compliance no longer makes operation of the units economic. both public officials and private individuals may seek to enforce the applicable environmental laws and regulations against us. we may be required to pay all or a portion of the cost to remediate (i.e., cleanup) sites where our past activities, or the activities of certain other parties, caused environmental contamination. at dec. 31, 2014, these sites included:
•   sites of former mgps operated by our subsidiaries, predecessors, or other entities; and
•   third party sites, such as landfills, for which we are alleged to be a prp that sent hazardous materials and wastes.
we are also subject to mandates to provide customers with clean energy, renewable energy and energy conservation offerings. failure to meet the requirements of these mandates may result in fines or penalties, which could have a material effect on our results of operations. if our regulators do not allow us to recover all or a part of the cost of capital investment or the o&m costs incurred to comply with the mandates, it could have a material effect on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows.
in addition, existing environmental laws or regulations may be revised, and new laws or regulations seeking to protect the environment may be adopted or become applicable to us, including but not limited to, regulation of mercury, nox, so2, co2 and other ghgs, particulates and cooling water intake systems. we may also incur additional unanticipated obligations or liabilities under existing environmental laws and regulations.
we are subject to physical and financial risks associated with climate change.
there is a growing consensus that emissions of ghgs are linked to global climate change. climate change creates physical and financial risk. physical risks from climate change include changes in weather conditions, changes in precipitation and extreme weather events.
our customers' energy needs vary with weather conditions, primarily temperature and humidity. for residential customers, heating and cooling represent their largest energy use. to the extent weather conditions are affected by climate change, customers' energy use could increase or decrease. increased energy use due to weather changes may require us to invest in additional generating assets, transmission and other infrastructure to serve increased load. decreased energy use due to weather changes may affect our financial condition, through decreased revenues. extreme weather conditions in general require more system backup, adding to costs, and can contribute to increased system stress, including service interruptions. weather conditions outside of our service territory could also have an impact on our revenues. we buy and sell electricity depending upon system needs and market opportunities. extreme weather conditions creating high energy demand may raise electricity prices, which would increase the cost of energy we provide to our customers.
severe weather impacts our service territories, primarily when thunderstorms, tornadoes and snow or ice storms occur. to the extent the frequency of extreme weather events increases, this could increase our cost of providing service. changes in precipitation resulting in droughts or water shortages could adversely affect our operations, principally our fossil generating units. a negative impact to water supplies due to long-term drought conditions could adversely impact our ability to provide electricity to customers, as well as increase the price they pay for energy. we may not recover all costs related to mitigating these physical and financial risks.
39
to the extent climate change impacts a region's economic health, it may also impact our revenues. our financial performance is tied to the health of the regional economies we serve. the price of energy, as a factor in a region's cost of living as well as an important input into the cost of goods and services, has an impact on the economic health of our communities. the cost of additional regulatory requirements, such as a tax on ghgs, regulation of co2 emissions under section 111(d) of the caa, or additional environmental regulation could impact the availability of goods and prices charged by our suppliers which would normally be borne by consumers through higher prices for energy and purchased goods. to the extent financial markets view climate change and emissions of ghgs as a financial risk, this could negatively affect our ability to access capital markets or cause us to receive less than ideal terms and conditions.
financial risks our profitability depends in part on the ability of our utility subsidiaries to recover their costs from their customers and there may be changes in circumstances or in the regulatory environment that impair the ability of our utility subsidiaries to recover costs from their customers.
we are subject to comprehensive regulation by federal and state utility regulatory agencies. the utility commissions in the states where we operate regulate many aspects of our utility operations, including siting and construction of facilities, customer service and the rates that we can charge customers. the ferc has jurisdiction, among other things, over wholesale rates for electric transmission service, the sale of electric energy in interstate commerce and certain natural gas transactions in interstate commerce.
the profitability of our utility operations is dependent on our ability to recover the costs of providing energy and utility services to our customers and earn a return on our capital investment in our utility operations. our utility subsidiaries provide service at rates approved by one or more regulatory commissions. these rates are generally regulated and based on an analysis of the utility's costs incurred in a test year. our utility subsidiaries are subject to both future and historical test years depending upon the regulatory mechanisms approved in each jurisdiction. thus, the rates a utility is allowed to charge may or may not match its costs at any given time. while rate regulation is premised on providing an opportunity to earn a reasonable rate of return on invested capital, in a continued low interest rate environment there has been pressure pushing down roe. there can also be no assurance that the applicable regulatory commission will judge all the costs of our utility subsidiaries to have been prudent or that the regulatory process in which rates are determined will always result in rates that will produce full recovery of such costs. cost disallowances may arise as a result of prudence investigations (e.g., monticello lcm/epu project or the recent investigation of our psia costs). rising fuel costs could increase the risk that our utility subsidiaries will not be able to fully recover their fuel costs from their customers. furthermore, there could be changes in the regulatory environment that would impair the ability of our utility subsidiaries to recover costs historically collected from their customers.
management currently believes these prudently incurred costs are recoverable given the existing regulatory mechanisms in place. however, adverse regulatory rulings or the imposition of additional regulations, including additional environmental or climate change regulation, could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and hence could materially and adversely affect our ability to meet our financial obligations, including debt payments and the payment of dividends on our common stock.
any reductions in our credit ratings could increase our financing costs and the cost of maintaining certain contractual relationships.
we cannot be assured that any of our current ratings or our subsidiaries' ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency. in addition, our credit ratings may change as a result of the differing methodologies or change in the methodologies used by the various rating agencies. any downgrade could lead to higher borrowing costs. also, our utility subsidiaries may enter into certain procurement and derivative contracts that require the posting of collateral or settlement of applicable contracts if credit ratings fall below investment grade.
we are subject to capital market and interest rate risks.
utility operations require significant capital investment in property, plant and equipment. as a result, we frequently need to access the debt and equity capital markets. any disruption in capital markets could have a material impact on our ability to fund our operations. capital markets are global in nature and are impacted by numerous issues and events throughout the world economy. capital market disruption events and resulting broad financial market distress could prevent us from issuing new securities or cause us to issue securities with less than ideal terms and conditions, such as higher interest rates.
40
higher interest rates on short-term borrowings with variable interest rates or on incremental commercial paper issuances could also have an adverse effect on our operating results. changes in interest rates may also impact the fair value of the debt securities in the nuclear decommissioning fund and master pension trust, as well as our ability to earn a return on short-term investments of excess cash.
we are subject to credit risks.
credit risk includes the risk that our retail customers will not pay their bills, which may lead to a reduction in liquidity and an eventual increase in bad debt expense. retail credit risk is comprised of numerous factors including the price of products and services provided, the overall economy and local economies in the geographic areas we serve, including local unemployment rates.
credit risk also includes the risk that various counterparties that owe us money or product will breach their obligations. should the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, we may be forced to enter into alternative arrangements. in that event, our financial results could be adversely affected and we could incur losses.
one alternative available to address counterparty credit risk is to transact on liquid commodity exchanges. the credit risk is then socialized through the exchange central clearinghouse function. while exchanges do remove counterparty credit risk, all participants are subject to margin requirements, which create an additional need for liquidity to post margin as exchange positions change value daily. the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act (dodd-frank act) requires broad clearing of financial swap transactions through a central counterparty, which could lead to additional margin requirements that would impact our liquidity. however, we have taken advantage of an exception to mandatory clearing afforded to commercial end-users who are not classified as a major swap participant. the board of directors has authorized xcel energy and its subsidiaries to take advantage of this end-user exception. in addition, the cftc's rules permit us to deal in utility operations-related swaps with utility special entities and not be required to register as a swap dealer provided that our aggregate gross notional amount of swap dealing activity (including utility operations-related swaps) does not exceed the general de minimis threshold and provided that we have not exceeded the special entity de minimis threshold (excluding utility operations-related swaps) of $25 million for the preceding 12 months. our current level of financial swap activity with special entities is significantly below this special entity de minimis threshold; therefore, we will not be classified as a swap dealer in our special entity activity. swap transactions with non-special entities have a much higher level of activity considered to be de minimis, currently $8 billion, and our level of activity is well under this limit; therefore, we will not be classified as a swap dealer under the dodd-frank act. we are currently reporting all of our swap transactions as part of the dodd-frank act.
we may at times have direct credit exposure in our short-term wholesale and commodity trading activity to various financial institutions trading for their own accounts or issuing collateral support on behalf of other counterparties. we may also have some indirect credit exposure due to participation in organized markets, such as spp, pjm and miso, in which any credit losses are socialized to all market participants.
we do have additional indirect credit exposures to various domestic and foreign financial institutions in the form of letters of credit provided as security by power suppliers under various long-term physical purchased power contracts. if any of the credit ratings of the letter of credit issuers were to drop below the designated investment grade rating stipulated in the underlying long-term purchased power contracts, the supplier would need to replace that security with an acceptable substitute. if the security were not replaced, the party could be in technical default under the contract, which would enable us to exercise our contractual rights.
increasing costs associated with our defined benefit retirement plans and other employee benefits may adversely affect our results of operations, financial position or liquidity.
we have defined benefit pension and postretirement plans that cover substantially all of our employees. assumptions related to future costs, return on investments, interest rates and other actuarial assumptions have a significant impact on our funding requirements related to these plans. these estimates and assumptions may change based on economic conditions, actual stock and bond market performance, changes in interest rates and changes in governmental regulations. in addition, the pension protection act changed the minimum funding requirements for defined benefit pension plans with modifications to these funding requirements that allowed additional flexibility in the timing of contributions. therefore, our funding requirements and related contributions may change in the future. also, the payout of a significant percentage of pension plan liabilities in a single year due to high retirements or employees leaving the company could trigger settlement accounting and could require the company to recognize material incremental pension expense related to unrecognized plan losses in the year these liabilities are paid.
41
increasing costs associated with health care plans may adversely affect our results of operations.
our self-insured costs of health care benefits for eligible employees have increased in recent years. increasing levels of large individual health care claims and overall health care claims could have an adverse impact on our operating results, financial position and liquidity. we believe that our employee benefit costs, including costs related to health care plans for our employees and former employees, will continue to rise. changes in industry standards utilized by management in key assumptions (e.g., mortality tables) could have a significant impact on future liabilities and benefit costs. legislation related to health care could also significantly change our benefit programs and costs.
we must rely on cash from our subsidiaries to make dividend payments.
we are a holding company and our investments in our subsidiaries are our primary assets. substantially all of our operations are conducted by our subsidiaries. consequently, our operating cash flow and our ability to service our indebtedness and pay dividends depends upon the operating cash flows of our subsidiaries and the payment of funds by them to us in the form of dividends. our subsidiaries are separate legal entities that have no obligation to pay any amounts due pursuant to our obligations or to make any funds available for that purpose or for dividends on our common stock, whether by dividends or otherwise. in addition, each subsidiary's ability to pay dividends to us depends on any statutory and/or contractual restrictions that may be applicable to such subsidiary, which may include requirements to maintain minimum levels of equity ratios, working capital or assets. also, our utility subsidiaries are regulated by various state utility commissions, which generally possess broad powers to ensure that the needs of the utility customers are being met.
if our utility subsidiaries were to cease making dividend payments, our ability to pay dividends on our common stock or otherwise meet our financial obligations could be adversely affected.
operational risks we are subject to commodity risks and other risks associated with energy markets and energy production.
we engage in wholesale sales and purchases of electric capacity, energy and energy-related products as well as natural gas. as a result we are subject to market supply and commodity price risk. commodity price changes can affect the value of our commodity trading derivatives. we mark certain derivatives to estimated fair market value on a daily basis (mark-to-market accounting). actual settlements can vary significantly from estimated fair values recorded to the consolidated financial statements, and significant changes from the assumptions underlying our fair value estimates could cause significant earnings variability.
if we encounter market supply shortages or our suppliers are otherwise unable to meet their contractual obligations, we may be unable to fulfill our contractual obligations to our customers at previously authorized or anticipated costs. any such disruption, if significant, would cause us to seek alternative supply services at potentially higher costs or suffer increased liability for unfulfilled contractual obligations. any significantly higher energy or fuel costs relative to corresponding sales commitments would have a negative impact on our cash flows and could potentially result in economic losses. potential market supply shortages may not be fully resolved through alternative supply sources and such interruptions may cause short-term disruptions in our ability to provide electric and/or natural gas services to our customers. the impact of these cost and reliability issues vary in magnitude for each operating subsidiary depending upon unique operating conditions such as generation fuels mix, availability of water for cooling, availability of fuel transportation including rail shipments of coal, electric generation capacity, transmission, natural gas pipeline capacity, etc.
our subsidiary, nsp-minnesota, is subject to the risks of nuclear generation.
nsp-minnesota's two nuclear stations, pi and monticello, subject it to the risks of nuclear generation, which include:
•   the risks associated with use of radioactive material in the production of energy, the management, handling, storage and disposal of these radioactive materials and the current lack of a long-term disposal solution for radioactive materials;
•   limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available to cover losses that might arise in connection with nuclear operations; and
•   uncertainties with respect to the technological and financial aspects of decommissioning nuclear plants at the end of their licensed lives.
42
the nrc has authority to impose licensing and safety-related requirements for the operation of nuclear generation facilities. in the event of non-compliance, the nrc has the authority to impose fines or shut down a unit, or both, until compliance is achieved. revised nrc safety requirements could necessitate substantial capital expenditures or a substantial increase in operating expenses at nsp-minnesota's nuclear plants. in addition, the institute for nuclear power operations reviews nsp-minnesota's nuclear operations and nuclear generation facilities. compliance with the institute for nuclear power operations' recommendations could result in substantial capital expenditures or a substantial increase in operating expenses.
if an incident did occur, it could have a material effect on our results of operations or financial condition. furthermore, the non-compliance of other nuclear facilities operators with applicable regulations or the occurrence of a serious nuclear incident at other facilities could result in increased regulation of the industry as a whole, which could then increase nsp-minnesota's compliance costs and impact the results of operations of its facilities.
nsp-wisconsin's production and transmission system is operated on an integrated basis with nsp-minnesota's production and transmission system, and nsp-wisconsin may be subject to risks associated with nsp-minnesota's nuclear generation.
our utility operations are subject to long-term planning risks.
our utility operations file long-term resource plans with our regulators. these plans are based on numerous assumptions over the planning horizon such as: sales growth, customer usage, economic activity, costs, regulatory mechanisms, impact of technology, the installation of distributed generation, customer behavioral response and continuation of the existing utility business model. given the uncertainty in these planning assumptions, there is a risk that the magnitude and timing of resource additions and demand may not coincide. this is particularly true in psco where the addition of customer-site solar installations introduces additional downward pressure on load growth. this could lead to under recovery of costs and excess resources to meet customer demand. xcel energy's aging infrastructure may pose a risk to system reliability and expose us to premature financial obligations. xcel energy is engaged in significant and ongoing infrastructure investment programs.
in addition, large industrial customers may leave our system and invest in their own on-site distributed generation or seek law changes to give them the authority to purchase directly from other suppliers or organized markets. the recent low natural gas price environment has caused some customers to consider their options in this area, particularly customers with industrial processes using steam. wholesale customers may purchase directly from other suppliers and procure only transmission service from our utility subsidiaries. these circumstances provide for greater long-term planning uncertainty related to future load growth. similarly, distributed solar generation may become an economic competitive threat to our load growth in the future. however, we believe the economics, absent significant subsidies, do not support such a trend in the near term unless a state mandates the purchase of such generation. some states have considered such legislation.
our natural gas transmission and distribution operations involve numerous risks that may result in accidents and other operating risks and costs.
our natural gas transmission and distribution activities include a variety of inherent hazards and operating risks, such as leaks, explosions and mechanical problems, which could cause substantial financial losses. in addition, these risks could result in loss of human life, significant damage to property, environmental pollution, impairment of our operations and substantial losses to us. we maintain insurance against some, but not all, of these risks and losses.
the occurrence of any of these events not fully covered by insurance could have a material effect on our financial position and results of operations. for our natural gas transmission or distribution lines located near populated areas the level of potential damages resulting from these risks is greater.
additionally, the operating or other costs that may be required in order to comply with potential new regulations, including the pipeline safety act, could be significant. the pipeline safety act requires verification of pipeline infrastructure records by intrastate and interstate pipeline owners and operators to confirm the maximum allowable operating pressure of lines located in high consequence areas or more-densely populated areas. we have programs in place to comply with the pipeline safety act and for systematic infrastructure monitoring and renewal over time. a significant incident could increase regulatory scrutiny and result in penalties and higher costs of operations.
43
public policy risks we may be subject to legislative and regulatory responses to climate change and emissions, with which compliance could be difficult and costly.
increased public awareness and concern regarding climate change may result in more state, regional and/or federal requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of ghgs. legislative and regulatory responses related to climate change and new interpretations of existing laws through climate change litigation create financial risk as our electric generating facilities may be subject to additional regulation under climate change laws at either the state or federal level in the future. the epa is regulating ghgs under the caa. the epa has regulated ghg emissions from motor vehicles and has proposed regulations to reduce ghg emissions from existing power plants that are expected to become final in 2015, with state plans to achieve the epa's goals due by 2017. such regulations could impose substantial costs on our system.
the united states continues to participate in international negotiations related to the united nations framework convention on climate change (unfccc). in 2014, the united states and china jointly announced ghg emissions goals. further, the 20th conference of the parties (cop) to the unfccc concluded with the objective of developing an agreement among countries on emission reductions at the 2015 cop. this could result in additional ghg regulation or reduction goals in the united states.
we have been, and in the future may be subject to climate change lawsuits. an adverse outcome in any of these cases could require substantial capital expenditures and could possibly require payment of substantial penalties or damages. defense costs associated with such litigation can also be significant. such payments or expenditures could affect results of operations, cash flows and financial condition if such costs are not recovered through regulated rates.
there are many uncertainties regarding when and in what form climate change legislation or regulations will be imposed. the impact of legislation and regulations will depend on a number of factors, including what ghg emission reduction goals are set, what flexibility is allowed to meet the goals, how and whether early action to reduce ghg emissions is credited, whether ghg sources in other sectors of the economy are regulated, the degree to which ghg offsets are recognized as compliance options, how any emission allowances would be allocated to specific sources and the indirect impact of carbon regulation on natural gas and coal prices. in addition, international treaties or accords could have an impact to the extent they lead to future federal or state regulations. another important factor is our ability to recover the costs incurred to comply with any regulatory requirements in a timely manner. if our regulators do not allow us to recover all or a part of the cost of capital investment or the o&m costs incurred to comply with the mandates, it could have a material effect on our results of operations.
we are also subject to a significant number of proposed and potential rules that will impact our coal-fired and other generation facilities. these include rules associated with emissions of so2 and nox, mercury, regional haze, ozone and particulate matter, water discharges and ash management. the costs of investment to comply with these rules could be substantial and in some cases would lead to early retirement of coal units. we may not be able to timely recover all costs related to complying with regulatory requirements imposed on us.
increased risks of regulatory penalties could negatively impact our business.
the energy act increased civil penalty authority for violation of ferc statutes, rules and orders. the ferc can now impose penalties of up to $1 million per violation per day. in addition, nerc electric reliability standards are now mandatory and subject to potential financial penalties by regional entities, the nerc or the ferc for violations. if a serious reliability incident did occur, it could have a material effect on our operations or financial results. some states have the authority to impose substantial penalties in the event of non-compliance.
we attempt to mitigate the risk of regulatory penalties through formal training on such prohibited practices and a compliance function that reviews our interaction with the markets under ferc and cftc jurisdictions. however, there is no guarantee our compliance program will be sufficient to ensure against violations.
44
macroeconomic risks economic conditions impact our business.
our operations are affected by local, national and worldwide economic conditions both positively and negatively. growth in our customer base is correlated with economic conditions. while the number of customers is growing, sales growth is relatively modest due to an increased focus on energy efficiency including federal standards for appliance and lighting efficiency and distributed generation, primarily solar pv. instability in the financial markets also may affect the cost of capital and our ability to raise capital, which are discussed in the capital market risk section above.
economic conditions may be impacted by insufficient financial sector liquidity leading to potential increased unemployment, which may impact customers' ability to pay timely, increase customer bankruptcies, and may lead to increased bad debt.
further, worldwide economic activity has an impact on the demand for basic commodities needed for utility infrastructure, such as steel, copper, aluminum, etc., which may impact our ability to acquire sufficient supplies. additionally, the cost of those commodities may be higher than expected.
our operations could be impacted by war, acts of terrorism, threats of terrorism or disruptions in normal operating conditions due to localized or regional events.
our generation plants, fuel storage facilities, transmission and distribution facilities and information systems may be targets of terrorist activities that could disrupt our ability to produce or distribute some portion of our energy products. any such disruption could result in a decrease in revenues and additional costs to repair and insure our assets. these disruptions could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations. the potential for terrorism has subjected our operations to increased risks and could have a material effect on our business. we have already incurred increased costs for security and capital expenditures in response to these risks. in addition, we may experience additional capital and operating costs to implement security for our plants, including our nuclear power plants under the nrc's design basis threat requirements. we have also already incurred increased costs for compliance with nerc reliability standards associated with critical infrastructure protection, and may experience additional capital and operating costs to comply with the nerc critical infrastructure protection standards as they are implemented and clarified.
the insurance industry has also been affected by these events and the availability of insurance may decrease. in addition, the insurance we are able to obtain may have higher deductibles, higher premiums and more restrictive policy terms.
a disruption of the regional electric transmission grid, interstate natural gas pipeline infrastructure or other fuel sources, could negatively impact our business. because our generation, transmission systems and local natural gas distribution companies are part of an interconnected system, we face the risk of possible loss of business due to a disruption caused by the actions of a neighboring utility or an event (severe storm, severe temperature extremes, generator or transmission facility outage, pipeline rupture, railroad disruption, sudden and significant increase or decrease in wind generation, or any disruption of work force such as may be caused by flu or other epidemic) within our operating systems or on a neighboring system. any such disruption could result in a significant decrease in revenues and significant additional costs to repair assets, which could have a material impact on our financial condition and results.
the degree to which we are able to maintain day-to-day operations in response to unforeseen events will in part determine the financial impact of certain events on our financial condition and results. it is difficult to predict the magnitude of such events and associated impacts.
a cyber incident or cyber security breach could have a material effect on our business.
we operate in an industry that requires the continued operation of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure. in addition, we use our systems and infrastructure to create, collect, use, disclose, store, dispose of and otherwise process sensitive information, including company data, customer energy usage data, and personal information regarding customers, employees and their dependents, contractors, shareholders and other individuals.
45
our generation, transmission, distribution and fuel storage facilities, information technology systems and other infrastructure or physical assets, as well as the information processed in our systems (e.g., information about our customers, employees, operations, infrastructure and assets) could be affected by cyber security incidents, including those caused by human error. our industry has begun to see an increased volume and sophistication of cyber security incidents from international activist organizations, nation states, and individuals. cyber security incidents could harm our businesses by limiting our generating, transmitting and distributing capabilities, delaying our development and construction of new facilities or capital improvement projects to existing facilities, disrupting our customer operations, or exposing us to liability. our generation, transmission systems and natural gas pipelines are part of an interconnected system. therefore, a disruption caused by the impact of a cyber security incident of the regional electric transmission grid, natural gas pipeline infrastructure or other fuel sources of our third party service providers' operations, could also negatively impact our business. in addition, such an event would likely receive regulatory scrutiny at both the federal and state level. we are unable to quantify the potential impact of cyber security threats or subsequent related actions. these potential cyber security incidents and corresponding regulatory action could result in a material decrease in revenues and may cause significant additional costs (e.g., penalties, third party claims, repairs, insurance or compliance) and potentially disrupt our supply and markets for natural gas, oil and other fuels.
we maintain security measures designed to protect our information technology systems, network infrastructure and other assets. however, these assets and the information they process may be vulnerable to cyber security incidents, including the resulting disability, or failures of assets or unauthorized access to assets or information. if our technology systems were to fail or be breached, or those of our third-party service providers, we may be unable to fulfill critical business functions, including effectively maintaining certain internal controls over financial reporting. we are unable to quantify the potential impact of cyber security incidents on our business.
rising energy prices could negatively impact our business.
while we have fuel clause recovery mechanisms in most of our states, higher fuel costs could significantly impact our results of operations if costs are not recovered. in addition, higher fuel costs could reduce customer demand and/or increase bad debt expense, which could also have a material impact on our results of operations. delays in the timing of the collection of fuel cost recoveries as compared with expenditures for fuel purchases could have an impact on our cash flows. low fuel costs could have a positive impact on sales although, particularly on the southern part of our service territory, low oil prices could negatively impact oil and gas production activities. we are unable to predict future prices or the ultimate impact of such prices on our results of operations or cash flows.
our operating results may fluctuate on a seasonal and quarterly basis and can be adversely affected by milder weather.
our electric and natural gas utility businesses are seasonal, and weather patterns can have a material impact on our operating performance. demand for electricity is often greater in the summer and winter months associated with cooling and heating. because natural gas is heavily used for residential and commercial heating, the demand for this product depends heavily upon weather patterns throughout our service territory, and a significant amount of natural gas revenues are recognized in the first and fourth quarters related to the heating season. accordingly, our operations have historically generated less revenues and income when weather conditions are milder in the winter and cooler in the summer. unusually mild winters and summers could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations business segments and organizational overview xcel energy inc. is a public utility holding company. xcel energy's operations included the activity of four utility subsidiaries that serve electric and natural gas customers in eight states. these utility subsidiaries are nsp-minnesota, nsp-wisconsin, psco and sps. these utilities serve customers in portions of colorado, michigan, minnesota, new mexico, north dakota, south dakota, texas and wisconsin. along with the transco subsidiaries, wyco, a joint venture formed with cig to develop and lease natural gas pipelines, storage and compression facilities, and wgi, an interstate natural gas pipeline company, these companies comprise the regulated utility operations.
xcel energy inc.'s nonregulated subsidiary is eloigne, which invests in rental housing projects that qualify for low-income housing tax credits.
forward-looking statements except for the historical statements contained in this report, the matters discussed in the following discussion and analysis are forward-looking statements that are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions. such forward-looking statements, including the 2015 eps guidance and assumptions, are intended to be identified in this document by the words "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "objective," "outlook," "plan," "project," "possible," "potential," "should" and similar expressions. actual results may vary materially. forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update them to reflect changes that occur after that date. factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include, but are not limited to: general economic conditions, including inflation rates, monetary fluctuations and their impact on capital expenditures and the ability of xcel energy inc. and its subsidiaries to obtain financing on favorable terms; business conditions in the energy industry, including the risk of a slowdown in the u.s. economy or delay in growth recovery; trade, fiscal, taxation and environmental policies in areas where xcel energy has a financial interest; customer business conditions; actions of credit rating agencies; competitive factors, including the extent and timing of the entry of additional competition in the markets served by xcel energy inc. and its subsidiaries; unusual weather; effects of geopolitical events, including war and acts of terrorism; cyber security threats and data security breaches; state, federal and foreign legislative and regulatory initiatives that affect cost and investment recovery, have an impact on rates or have an impact on asset operation or ownership or impose environmental compliance conditions; structures that affect the speed and degree to which competition enters the electric and natural gas markets; costs and other effects of legal and administrative proceedings, settlements, investigations and claims; actions by regulatory bodies impacting our nuclear operations, including those affecting costs, operations or the approval of requests pending before the nrc; financial or regulatory accounting policies imposed by regulatory bodies; availability or cost of capital; employee work force factors; the items described under factors affecting results of operations; and the other risk factors listed from time to time by xcel energy inc. in reports filed with the sec, including "risk factors" in item 1a of this annual report on form 10-k and exhibit 99.01 hereto.
management's strategic plans xcel energy's corporate strategy focuses on the following primary objectives:
•   improving utility performance;
•   driving operational excellence;
•   providing options and solutions to customers; and
•   investing for the future.
these objectives are designed to provide our investors an attractive total return and our customers with clean, safe, reliable energy at a competitive price. below is a discussion of these objectives and how they support our overall strategy.
52
improving utility performance xcel energy is made up of several utility operating companies. as part of the regulatory process, each state will generally establish an authorized roe. in many of our states, our utility operating companies are earning less than the authorized roe. this is referred to as an roe gap. an roe gap can be a result of numerous factors including the timing of implementation of new rates, timing of capital investments, a regulatory commission not allowing the recovery of certain costs, the time period used as test year for rate cases, fluctuations in sales, the impact of weather, unanticipated cost increases, etc. xcel energy is focused on closing this gap over the next several years. as a result, we have established the following goals:
•   close the roe gap by 50 basis points by 2018; and
•   derive 75 percent of our revenue from multi-year plans by 2017.
we are pursuing regulatory and legislative changes to streamline rate case proceedings and optimize recovery, while improving our alignment with state policies and keeping pace with evolving customer preferences.
driving operational excellence managing our operational performance and satisfying our customers has, and will continue to be, a fundamental priority. however, operational excellence also includes managing costs. by building on past success, leveraging technology, managing risks and continuously striving to improve our processes, we can bend the cost curve downward. over the next five years, xcel energy is planning to implement cost saving measures which are intended to align increases in o&m expense more closely to sales growth. our financial objective is to slow our annual o&m expense growth to approximately zero percent to two percent. however, we will not sacrifice reliability or safety to meet this initiative.
in addition, 50 percent of our workforce will be eligible to retire in the next ten years. managing this workforce transition is key to our operational excellence objective.
providing options and solutions to customers adapting to a changing environment is critical to our success. our customers expect to be offered choices and we are committed to providing options and solutions that are fair and satisfy their needs. environmental leadership is a core priority and is designed to meet customer and policy maker expectations for clean energy at a competitive price while creating shareholder value. we will continue to offer and expand our production of renewable energy, including wind and solar alternatives, and further develop dsm, conservation and renewable programs.
investing for the future sound investments today are necessary for tomorrow's success. our base capital expenditures are projected to be approximately $14.5 billion from 2015 through 2019. this capital forecast will grow rate base at a compounded average annual rate of approximately 4.7 percent. our capital investment plan includes needed investments in transmission, adding new generation, reducing emissions in our power plants, refreshing our infrastructure, improving reliability, replacing natural gas pipelines and increasing the levels of renewable energy on our system. in addition to our base capital investment plan, we are looking at potential incremental investments in natural gas assets and transmission projects through our recently established independent transcos.
xcel energy has a proven track record of making sound investments. we proactively made the decision to balance our generation portfolio and expand our alternative energy production. our customers, stakeholders and the environment are currently benefiting from these decisions and will continue to do so in the future.
providing an attractive total return successful execution of our strategic plan should allow xcel energy to deliver an attractive total return for our shareholders. through a combination of earnings growth and dividend yield, we plan to:
•   deliver long-term annual eps growth of four percent to six percent, based on a weather-normalized 2014 eps of $2.00;
•   deliver annual dividend increases of five percent to seven percent;
53
•   target a dividend payout ratio of 60 to 70 percent of annual ongoing eps; and
•   maintain senior unsecured debt credit ratings in the bbb+ to a range.
we have successfully achieved our prior financial objectives, meeting or exceeding our earnings guidance range for ten consecutive years and believe we are positioned to continue to achieve our value proposition. our ongoing earnings have grown approximately 6.5 percent and our dividend has grown approximately 3.8 percent annually from 2005 through 2014. prior to 2014, our objective was to grow the dividend two to four percent annually. in addition, our current senior unsecured debt credit ratings for xcel energy and its utility subsidiaries are in the bbb+ to a range.
financial review the following discussion and analysis by management focuses on those factors that had a material effect on xcel energy's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows during the periods presented, or are expected to have a material impact in the future. it should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements and the related notes to consolidated financial statements.
the only common equity securities that are publicly traded are common shares of xcel energy inc. the diluted earnings and eps of each subsidiary as well as the roe of each subsidiary discussed below do not represent a direct legal interest in the assets and liabilities allocated to such subsidiary but rather represent a direct interest in our assets and liabilities as a whole. ongoing diluted eps and ongoing roe for xcel energy and by subsidiary are financial measures not recognized under gaap. ongoing diluted eps is calculated by dividing the net income or loss attributable to the controlling interest of each subsidiary, adjusted for certain nonrecurring items, by the weighted average fully diluted xcel energy inc. common shares outstanding for the period. ongoing roe is calculated by dividing the net income or loss attributable to the controlling interest of xcel energy or each subsidiary, adjusted for certain nonrecurring items, by each entity's average common stockholders' or stockholder's equity. we use these non-gaap financial measures to evaluate and provide details of earnings results. we believe these measurements are useful to investors to evaluate the actual and projected financial performance and contribution of our subsidiaries. these non-gaap financial measures should not be considered as alternatives to measures calculated and reported in accordance with gaap.
results of operations the following table summarizes the diluted eps for xcel energy:
diluted earnings (loss) per share                           2014              2013              2012
psco                                                   $0.90             $0.91             $0.90
nsp-minnesota                                           0.80              0.79              0.70
sps                                                     0.26              0.23              0.22
nsp-wisconsin                                           0.14              0.12              0.10
equity earnings of unconsolidated subsidiaries          0.04              0.04              0.04
regulated utility                                       2.14              2.09              1.96
xcel energy inc. and other                             (0.11   )         (0.14   )         (0.14   )
ongoing diluted eps                                     2.03              1.95              1.82
sps ferc complaint case orders                             -             (0.04   )             -
prescription drug tax benefit                              -                 -              0.03
gaap diluted eps                                       $2.03             $1.91             $1.85
ongoing earnings exclude adjustments for certain items. for 2013, the adjustment to gaap earnings is related to the sps ferc complaint case orders. for 2012, the adjustment is related to the patient protection and affordable care act. see below under adjustments to gaap earnings and note 12 and note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion, respectively, for the 2013 and 2012 adjustments.
xcel energy's management believes that ongoing earnings provide a meaningful comparison of earnings results and is representative of xcel energy's fundamental core earnings power. xcel energy's management uses ongoing earnings internally for financial planning and analysis, for reporting of results to the board of directors, in determining whether performance targets are met for performance-based compensation, and when communicating its earnings outlook to analysts and investors.
54
2013 adjustment to gaap earnings sps ferc orders - as a result of the orders issued in august 2013 by the ferc for a potential sps customer refund, a pre-tax charge of $36 million was recorded in 2013. of this amount, approximately $30 million ($26 million revenue reduction and $4 million of interest) was attributable to periods prior to 2013 and not representative of ongoing earnings. as such, gaap earnings include the total after tax amount of $24.4 million and ongoing earnings exclude $20.2 million. see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
2012 adjustment to gaap earnings prescription drug tax benefit - in the third quarter of 2012, xcel energy implemented a tax strategy related to the allocation of funding of xcel energy's retiree prescription drug plan. this strategy restored a portion of the tax benefit associated with federal subsidies for prescription drug plans that had been accrued since 2004 and was expensed in 2010. as a result, xcel energy recognized approximately $17 million, or $0.03 per share, of income tax benefit. see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
earnings adjusted for certain items (ongoing eps)
2014 comparison with 2013
xcel energy - overall, ongoing earnings increased $0.08 per share for 2014. ongoing earnings increased as a result of higher electric and natural gas margins due to rate increases in various jurisdictions, weather-normalized sales growth and lower interest charges. these positive factors were partially offset by the unfavorable impact of milder weather, as well as higher expected o&m expenses, property taxes and depreciation. 2013 gaap earnings include a $0.04 per share charge for a potential sps customer refund based on ferc orders issued in august 2013. this item was excluded from 2013 ongoing earnings.
psco - psco's ongoing earnings decreased $0.01 per share for 2014. higher natural gas and electric margins primarily due to rate increases, higher afudc, lower o&m expenses and weather-normalized sales growth were offset by higher property taxes, depreciation, accruals associated with the electric earnings test refund obligations and the unfavorable impact of weather.
nsp-minnesota - nsp-minnesota's ongoing earnings increased $0.01 per share for 2014. ongoing earnings were positively impacted by electric rate increases in minnesota (interim, subject to refund) and north dakota and weather-normalized sales growth. these items were partially offset by higher o&m expenses, the unfavorable impact of weather, lower afudc, increased property taxes and interest charges.
sps - sps' ongoing earnings increased $0.03 per share for 2014. electric rate increases in texas and new mexico and weather-normalized sales growth offset higher o&m and depreciation expenses.
nsp-wisconsin - nsp-wisconsin's ongoing earnings increased $0.02 per share for 2014. an electric rate increase led to higher electric margin, while weather-normalized sales growth positively impacted both electric and natural gas margins. these increases were partially offset by additional o&m expenses.
xcel energy inc. and other - xcel energy inc. and other includes financing costs at the holding company and other items. earnings improved by $0.03 per share for 2014, largely due to lower financing costs as a result of the refinancing of junior subordinated notes.
2013 comparison with 2012
xcel energy - overall, ongoing earnings increased $0.13 per share for 2013. ongoing earnings increased as a result of higher electric and gas margins due to rate increases in various states, the impact of favorable colder weather on the natural gas business and reduced interest charges. these positive factors were partially offset by planned increases in o&m expenses and depreciation.
psco - psco's ongoing earnings increased $0.01 per share for 2013. ongoing earnings increased as a result of higher gas and electric margins primarily due to rate increases, the impact of cooler weather on natural gas margins and lower interest charges, partially offset by higher depreciation, o&m expenses and customer refunds related to the 2013 electric earnings test refund obligation.
55
nsp-minnesota - nsp-minnesota's ongoing earnings increased $0.09 per share for 2013. ongoing earnings were positively impacted by electric rate increases in minnesota and south dakota, interim rates subject to refund in north dakota, the impact of cooler winter weather and lower interest charges. these items were partially offset by higher o&m expenses.
sps - sps' ongoing earnings increased $0.01 per share for 2013. electric rate increases in texas and the gain associated with the sale of certain transmission assets to sharyland were partially offset by higher depreciation.
nsp-wisconsin - nsp-wisconsin's ongoing earnings increased $0.02 per share for 2013. higher ongoing earnings from electric and natural gas rates and cooler winter weather were partially offset by higher o&m expenses and depreciation.
changes in diluted eps the following table summarizes significant components contributing to the changes in 2014 eps compared with the same period in 2013.
diluted earnings (loss) per share                                                            dec. 31
2013 gaap diluted eps                                                                     $1.91
sps ferc complaint case orders                                                             0.04
2013 ongoing diluted eps                                                                   1.95
components of change - 2014 vs. 2013
higher electric margins (excludes 2013 impact of sps ferc complaint case orders)           0.26
higher natural gas margins                                                                 0.06
lower interest charges (excludes 2013 impact of sps ferc complaint case orders)            0.01
higher o&amp;m expenses                                                                   (0.07    )
higher taxes (other than income taxes)                                                    (0.06    )
higher depreciation and amortization                                                      (0.05    )
higher conservation and dsm program expenses                                              (0.05    )
dilution from at-the-market program, direct stock purchase plan and benefit plans         (0.03    )
other, net                                                                                 0.01
2014 ongoing and gaap diluted eps                                                         $2.03
diluted earnings (loss) per share                                                            dec. 31
2012 gaap diluted eps                                                                     $1.85
prescription drug tax benefit                                                             (0.03    )
2012 ongoing diluted eps                                                                   1.82
components of change - 2013 vs. 2012
higher electric margins (excludes impact of sps ferc complaint case orders)                0.18
higher natural gas margins                                                                 0.08
higher afudc - equity                                                                      0.05
lower interest charges (excludes impact of sps ferc complaint case orders)                 0.04
gain on sale of transmission assets (included in o&amp;m expenses)                         0.02
higher o&amp;m expenses (excludes gain on sale of transmission assets)                    (0.14    )
higher depreciation and amortization                                                      (0.06    )
dilution from at-the-market program, direct stock purchase plan and benefit plans         (0.03    )
higher taxes (other than income taxes)                                                    (0.01    )
2013 ongoing diluted eps                                                                   1.95
sps ferc complaint case orders                                                            (0.04    )
2013 gaap diluted eps                                                                     $1.91
the following table summarizes the roe for xcel energy and its utility subsidiaries:
roe - 2014                       psco           nsp-minnesota          sps           nsp-wisconsin          xcel energy
2014 ongoing and gaap roe   9.40      %    8.82          %        8.88      %   10.85         %        10.33        %
56
roe - 2013                               psco          nsp-minnesota              sps          nsp-wisconsin          xcel energy
2013 ongoing roe                    9.66   %           9.24   %              9.03   %         10.61   %             10.50       %
sps ferc complaint case orders         -                  -                 (1.54   )             -                 (0.22       )
2013 gaap roe                       9.66   %           9.24   %              7.49   %         10.61   %             10.28       %
roe - 2012                              psco          nsp-minnesota           sps          nsp-wisconsin          xcel energy
2012 ongoing roe                   9.92    %          8.77   %           9.44   %          9.62   %             10.24       %
prescription drug tax benefit      0.38                  -                  -                 -                  0.19
2012 gaap roe                     10.30    %          8.77   %           9.44   %          9.62   %             10.43       %
the following tables provide reconciliations of ongoing to gaap earnings (net income) and ongoing to gaap diluted eps for the years ended dec. 31:
(millions of dollars)                                                            2014                  2013                             2012
ongoing earnings                                                                        $1,021.3              $968.4              $888.3
sps ferc complaint case orders (2013) and prescription drug tax benefit (2012)                 -               (20.2   )            16.9
gaap earnings                                                                           $1,021.3              $948.2              $905.2
diluted earnings (loss) per share                                                2014              2013                         2012
ongoing diluted eps                                                                    $2.03             $1.95             $1.82
sps ferc complaint case orders (2013) and prescription drug tax benefit (2012)             -             (0.04   )          0.03
gaap diluted eps                                                                       $2.03             $1.91             $1.85
the following tables summarize the earnings contributions of xcel energy's business segments:
(millions of dollars)                                 2014                2013                2012
gaap income (loss) by segment regulated electric income                       $890.5              $850.7              $851.9
regulated natural gas income                     128.6               123.7                98.1
other income (a)                                  59.5                44.6                22.1
xcel energy inc. and other costs (a)             (57.3   )           (70.8   )           (66.9   )
total net income                              $1,021.3              $948.2              $905.2
contributions to diluted earnings (loss) per share              2014              2013              2012
gaap earnings (loss) by segment regulated electric                                         $1.77             $1.71             $1.74
regulated natural gas                                       0.25              0.25              0.20
other (a)                                                   0.12              0.09              0.05
xcel energy inc. and other costs (a)                       (0.11   )         (0.14   )         (0.14   )
total diluted eps                                          $2.03             $1.91             $1.85
(a)   not a reportable segment. included in all other segment results in note 17 to the consolidated financial statements.
statement of income analysis the following discussion summarizes the items that affected the individual revenue and expense items reported in the consolidated statements of income.
estimated impact of temperature changes on regulated earnings - unusually hot summers or cold winters increase electric and natural gas sales, while mild weather reduces electric and natural gas sales. the estimated impact of weather on earnings is based on the number of customers, temperature variances and the amount of natural gas or electricity the average customer historically uses per degree of temperature. accordingly, deviations in weather from normal levels can affect xcel energy's financial performance.
57
degree-day or temperature-humidity index (thi) data is used to estimate amounts of energy required to maintain comfortable indoor temperature levels based on each day's average temperature and humidity. heating degree-days (hdd) is the measure of the variation in the weather based on the extent to which the average daily temperature falls below 65° fahrenheit. cooling degree-days (cdd) is the measure of the variation in the weather based on the extent to which the average daily temperature rises above 65° fahrenheit. each degree of temperature above 65° fahrenheit is counted as one cooling degree-day, and each degree of temperature below 65° fahrenheit is counted as one heating degree-day. in xcel energy's more humid service territories, a thi is used in place of cdd, which adds a humidity factor to cdd. hdd, cdd and thi are most likely to impact the usage of xcel energy's residential and commercial customers. industrial customers are less sensitive to weather.
normal weather conditions are defined as either the 20-year or 30-year average of actual historical weather conditions. the historical period of time used in the calculation of normal weather differs by jurisdiction, based on regulatory practice. to calculate the impact of weather on demand, a demand factor is applied to the weather impact on sales as defined above to derive the amount of demand associated with the weather impact.
the percentage increase (decrease) in normal and actual hdd, cdd and thi are provided in the following table:
2014 vs.           2013 vs.           2014 vs.            2012 vs.            2013 vs.
normal             normal               2013              normal                2012
hdd     7.8   %            6.5      %   0.4         %           (15.9     )%   25.8         %
cdd    (2.6   )           24.7              (20.3   )            46.1               (13.6   )
thi   (11.9   )           21.8              (24.2   )            36.1                (9.7   )
weather - the following table summarizes the estimated impact of temperature variations on eps compared with sales under normal weather conditions:
2014 vs.             2013 vs.   2014 vs.             2012 vs.normal             2013 vs.2012
normal               normal   2013
retail electric       $0.010               $0.088        $(0.078     )         $0.081                   $0.007
firm natural gas       0.019        0.021                (0.002      )         (0.033      )   0.054
total                 $0.029               $0.109        $(0.080     )         $0.048                   $0.061
sales growth (decline) - the following tables summarize xcel energy and its utility subsidiaries' sales growth (decline) for actual and weather-normalized sales for the years ended dec. 31, compared with the previous year:
2014 vs. 2013
xcel energy         nsp-wisconsin             sps            psco         nsp-minnesota actual electric residential               (1.8      )%         (0.3       )%       (0.4   )%       (2.8   )%         (1.6       )%
electric c&amp;i                    1.0                  4.2                 2.5             0.3                 -
total retail electric sales         0.2                  2.8                 1.8            (0.7   )          (0.5        )
firm natural gas sales              2.3                  7.4                 n/a            (0.7   )           7.3
2014 vs. 2013
xcel energy         nsp-wisconsin           sps          psco         nsp-minnesota weather-normalized electric residential                0.5       %          0.5        %       0.4   %      0.3    %          0.7        %
electric c&amp;i                    1.7                  4.4                2.8          1.6               0.6
total retail electric sales         1.3                  3.3                2.3          1.2               0.6
firm natural gas sales              4.6                  3.8                n/a          5.2               3.6
weather-normalized electric growth
•   nsp-wisconsin's electric sales growth was largely due to strong sales to large c&amp;i customers primarily in the oil, gas and sand mining industries.
•   sps' c&amp;i growth was driven by continued expansion from oil and gas exploration and production in the southeastern new mexico, permian basin area.
•   psco's electric sales growth was primarily due to customers in the food manufacturing, fracking and mining industries.
58
•   nsp-minnesota's electric sales growth was led by an increased number of customers for both residential and small c&amp;i, as well as higher use per customer in small c&amp;i.
weather-normalized natural gas growth
•   across our natural gas service territories, strong sales were experienced in 2014, which continued the trend that began in the last half of 2013.
weather-normalized sales for 2015 are projected to increase approximately 1.0 percent for retail electric customers and to decline approximately 2.0 percent for retail firm natural gas customers.
2013 vs. 2012
xcel energy          nsp-wisconsin           sps           psco          nsp-minnesota actual (without 2012 leap day)
electric residential                    1.4       %           3.9        %       0.9   %       1.1    %           1.3        %
electric c&amp;i                        0.3                   1.0                1.8           0.3               (0.7        )
total retail electric sales             0.6                   1.9                1.5           0.5               (0.1        )
firm natural gas sales                 21.9                  30.0                n/a          17.8               29.1
2013 vs. 2012
xcel energy         nsp-wisconsin           sps          psco         nsp-minnesota weather-normalized (without
2012 leap day)
electric residential                0.5       %          0.5        %       0.7   %      1.3    %         (0.2       )%
electric c&amp;i                    0.4                  0.9                2.1          0.9              (1.1        )
total retail electric sales         0.4                  0.8                1.7          1.0              (0.8        )
firm natural gas sales              3.8                  5.9                n/a          3.3               4.2
2013 vs. 2012
xcel energy          nsp-wisconsin           sps           psco          nsp-minnesota actual electric residential                 1.1       %           3.6        %       0.6   %       0.8    %           1.1        %
electric c&amp;i                       -                   0.7                1.5             -               (1.0        )
total retail electric sales          0.3                   1.6                1.3           0.3               (0.4        )
firm natural gas sales              21.3                  29.4                n/a          17.3               28.5
2013 vs. 2012
xcel energy         nsp-wisconsin           sps          psco         nsp-minnesota weather-normalized electric residential                0.2       %          0.2        %       0.5   %      1.0    %         (0.5       )%
electric c&amp;i                    0.1                  0.6                1.8          0.7              (1.4        )
total retail electric sales         0.1                  0.5                1.5          0.7              (1.1        )
firm natural gas sales              3.3                  5.3                n/a          2.8               3.7
electric revenues and margin electric revenues and fuel and purchased power expenses are largely impacted by the fluctuation in the price of natural gas, coal and uranium used in the generation of electricity, but as a result of the design of fuel recovery mechanisms to recover current expenses, these price fluctuations have minimal impact on electric margin. the following table details the electric revenues and margin:
(millions of dollars)               2014                2013                2012
electric revenues                          $9,466              $9,034              $8,517
electric fuel and purchased power          (4,210   )          (4,019   )          (3,624   )
electric margin                            $5,256              $5,015              $4,893
59
the following tables summarize the components of the changes in electric revenues and electric margin for the years ended dec. 31:
electric revenues
(millions of dollars)                                                 2014 vs. 2013
retail rate increases (a)                                               $129
trading                                                                  100
fuel and purchased power cost recovery                                    78
non-fuel riders                                                           57
transmission revenue                                                      48
conservation and dsm program revenues (offset by expenses)                44
retail sales growth, excluding weather impact                             24
estimated impact of weather                                              (60      )
other, net                                                               (14      )
total increase in ongoing electric revenues                              406
sps ferc complaint case orders (b)                                        26
total increase in gaap electric revenues                                $432
2014 comparison with 2013 - electric revenues increased primarily due to various rate increases across all of the utility subsidiaries, higher trading and increased fuel and purchased power cost recovery, which is offset in operating expense.
electric margin
(millions of dollars)                                                 2014 vs. 2013
retail rate increases (a)                                               $129
non-fuel riders                                                           57
conservation and dsm program revenues (offset by expenses)                44
transmission revenue, net of costs                                        31
retail sales growth, excluding weather impact                             24
nsp-wisconsin fuel recovery                                               11
estimated impact of weather                                              (60      )
firm wholesale                                                            (6      )
other, net                                                               (15      )
total increase in ongoing electric margin                                215
sps ferc complaint case orders (b)                                        26
total increase in gaap electric margin                                  $241
(a)   the retail rate increases include final rates in texas, colorado (net of estimated earnings test refund obligations), new mexico, wisconsin and north dakota and interim rates in minnesota, subject to and net of estimated provision for refund. see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.
(b)   as a result of two orders issued by the ferc in august 2013, a pretax charge of approximately $36 million ($32 million in electric revenues, of which $6 million relates to 2013 and $26 million relates to periods prior to 2013, and $4 million in interest charges) was recorded in 2013. see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.
2014 comparison to 2013 - the increase in electric margin was primarily due to the various rate increases across all of the utility subsidiaries.
60
electric revenues
(millions of dollars)                                  2013 vs. 2012
fuel and purchased power cost recovery                   $360
retail rate increases (a)                                 229
transmission revenue                                       68
non-fuel riders                                            18
estimated impact of weather                                 7
psco earnings test refund obligation                      (43      )
firm wholesale                                            (36      )
conservation and dsm program incentives                   (24      )
trading                                                   (19      )
sps ferc complaint case orders (b)                         (6      )
other, net                                                (11      )
total increase in ongoing electric revenues               543
sps ferc complaint case orders (b)                        (26      )
total increase in gaap electric revenues                 $517
2013 comparison with 2012 - electric revenues increased primarily due to higher fuel and purchased power cost recovery, which is offset in operating expense, and various rate increases across all of the utility subsidiaries.
electric margin
(millions of dollars)                                2013 vs. 2012
retail rate increases (a)                              $229
transmission revenue, net of costs                       36
non-fuel riders                                          18
estimated impact of weather                               7
psco earnings test refund obligation                    (43      )
conservation and dsm program incentives                 (24      )
firm wholesale                                          (24      )
trading margin                                          (12      )
sps ferc complaint case orders (b)                       (6      )
other, net                                              (33      )
total increase in ongoing electric margin               148
sps ferc complaint case orders (b)                      (26      )
total increase in gaap electric margin                 $122
(a)   the retail rate increases include final rates in minnesota, colorado, wisconsin, south dakota and texas and interim rates, subject to refund, in north dakota. the minnesota rate increase is net of a provision for customer refunds of $131 million for the twelve months ended dec. 31, 2013 based on the final rate order received for the 2013 electric rate case. due to the order, there was a reduction in revenues and expenses of approximately $40 million, primarily related to depreciation of $32 million and o&amp;m expense of $8 million in 2013.
(b)   as a result of two orders issued by the ferc in august 2013, a pretax charge of approximately $36 million ($32 million in electric revenues, of which $6 million relates to 2013 and $26 million relates to periods prior to 2013, and $4 million in interest charges) was recorded in 2013. see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.
2013 comparison to 2012 - the increase in electric margin was primarily due to the various rate increases across all of the utility subsidiaries.
61
natural gas revenues and margin total natural gas expense tends to vary with changing sales requirements and the cost of natural gas purchases. however, due to the design of purchased natural gas cost recovery mechanisms to recover current expenses for sales to retail customers, fluctuations in the cost of natural gas have little effect on natural gas margin. the following table details natural gas revenues and margin:
(millions of dollars)                      2014                2013                2012
natural gas revenues                              $2,143              $1,805              $1,537
cost of natural gas sold and transported          (1,372   )          (1,083   )            (881   )
natural gas margin                                  $771                $722                $656
the following tables summarize the components of the changes in natural gas revenues and natural gas margin for the years ended dec. 31:
natural gas revenues
(millions of dollars)                                      2014 vs. 2013
purchased natural gas adjustment clause recovery             $293
retail rate increases (colorado)                               19
psia rider (colorado)                                          14
retail sales growth, excluding weather impact                  10
estimated impact of weather                                    (1      )
other, net                                                      3
total increase in natural gas revenues                       $338
2014 comparison to 2013 - natural gas revenues increased primarily due to the purchased natural gas adjustment clause recovery, which is offset in operating expense.
natural gas margin
(millions of dollars)                                                 2014 vs. 2013
retail rate increases (colorado)                                         $19
psia rider (colorado), partially offset in o&amp;m expenses               14
retail sales growth, excluding weather impact                             10
estimated impact of weather                                               (1      )
other, net                                                                 7
total increase in natural gas margin                                     $49
2014 comparison to 2013 - natural gas margins increased primarily due to rate increases and the psia in colorado.
natural gas revenues
(millions of dollars)                                                2013 vs. 2012
purchased natural gas adjustment clause recovery                       $198
estimated impact of weather                                              42
retail rate increases (colorado and wisconsin)                           15
retail sales growth                                                       9
conservation and dsm program incentives                                   5
conservation and dsm program revenues (offset by expenses)                4
other, net                                                               (5      )
total increase in natural gas revenues                                 $268
2013 comparison to 2012 - natural gas revenues increased primarily due to the purchased natural gas adjustment clause recovery, which is offset in operating expense.
62
natural gas margin
(millions of dollars)                                                2013 vs. 2012
estimated impact of weather                                             $42
retail rate increases (colorado and wisconsin)                           15
retail sales growth                                                       9
conservation and dsm program incentive                                    5
conservation and dsm program revenues (offset by expenses)                4
other, net                                                               (9      )
total increase in natural gas margin                                    $66
2013 comparison to 2012 - natural gas margins increased primarily due to cooler winter weather and rate increases in colorado and wisconsin.
non-fuel operating expenses and other items o&m expenses - o&m expenses increased $60.8 million, or 2.7 percent, for 2014 compared with 2013, and $97.4 million, or 4.5 percent, for 2013 compared with 2012. the following tables summarize the changes in o&m expenses:
(millions of dollars)                                    2014 vs. 2013
nuclear plant operations and amortization                   $36
2013 gain on sale of transmission assets                     14
transmission costs                                            4
electric and natural gas distribution expenses                1
employee benefits                                            (6      )
plant generation costs                                       (3      )
other, net                                                   15
total increase in o&amp;m expenses                          $61
2014 comparison to 2013 - the increase in o&m expenses for 2014 was largely driven by the following:
•   nuclear cost increases are related to the amortization of prior outages and initiatives designed to improve the operational efficiencies of the plants; and
•   gain on sale of transmission assets relates to the 2013 gain associated with the sale of certain sps' transmission assets to sharyland.
(millions of dollars)                               2013 vs. 2012
electric and gas distribution expenses                 $44
nuclear plant operations and amortization               33
transmission costs                                      13
employee benefits                                        7
gain on sale of transmission assets                    (14      )
other, net                                              14
total increase in o&amp;m expenses                     $97
2013 comparison to 2012 - the increase in o&m expenses for 2013 was largely driven by the following:
•   electric and gas distribution expenses were primarily driven by increased maintenance activities due to vegetation management, storms and outages;
•   nuclear cost increases are related to the amortization of prior outages and initiatives designed to improve the operational efficiencies of the plants;
•   increased transmission costs were related to higher substation maintenance expenditures and reliability costs;
•   higher employee benefits related primarily to increased pension expense; and
•   see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the gain on sale of transmission assets.
63
conservation and dsm program expenses - conservation and dsm program expenses increased $41.0 million, or 15.7 percent, for 2014 compared with 2013. the increase was primarily attributable to higher electric recovery rates at nsp-minnesota. conservation and dsm program expenses are generally recovered in our major jurisdictions concurrently through riders and base rates.
depreciation and amortization - depreciation and amortization increased $41.2 million, or 4.2 percent, for 2014 compared with 2013. the increase was primarily attributable to the pi steam generator replacement placed in service in december 2013 and normal system expansion, partially offset by additional accelerated amortization of the excess depreciation reserve associated with certain minnesota assets. see further discussion within note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.
depreciation and amortization increased $51.8 million, or 5.6 percent, for 2013 compared with 2012. the increase is primarily attributable to normal system expansion, which was partially offset by reductions related to the final rate order received for the 2013 minnesota electric rate case that reduced depreciation expense by approximately $32 million for 2013.
taxes (other than income taxes) - taxes (other than income taxes) increased $45.3 million, or 10.8 percent, for 2014 compared with 2013. the increase was primarily due to higher property taxes in colorado, minnesota and texas.
taxes (other than income taxes) increased $11.6 million, or 2.8 percent, for 2013 compared with 2012. the annual increase is due to higher property taxes primarily in colorado and texas.
afudc, equity and debt - afudc increased $1.3 million for 2014 compared with 2013. the increase was primarily due to construction related to the cacja and the expansion of transmission facilities, partially offset by the portion of the monticello lcm/epu placed in service in july 2013 and the pi steam generator replacement placed in service in december 2013.
afudc increased $28.7 million for 2013 compared with 2012. the increase is primarily due to construction related to the cacja and the expansion of transmission facilities.
interest charges - interest charges decreased $8.6 million, or 1.5 percent, for 2014 compared with 2013. the decrease was primarily due to refinancings at lower interest rates, partially offset by higher long-term debt levels. in addition, interest charges in 2013 reflected $4 million of interest associated with the customer refund at sps based on a ferc order, interest on customer refunds in minnesota and the write off of $6.3 million of unamortized debt expense related to the junior subordinated notes called in may 2013.
interest charges decreased $26.4 million, or 4.4 percent, for 2013 compared with 2012. the decrease is primarily due to refinancings at lower interest rates. this was partially offset by higher long-term debt levels, $4 million of interest associated with the customer refund at sps based on the august 2013 ferc orders, $5 million of interest associated with customer refunds in minnesota for the 2013 electric rate case and the write off of $6.3 million of unamortized debt expense related to the junior subordinated notes called in may 2013.
income taxes - income tax expense increased $39.8 million for 2014 compared with 2013. the increase was primarily due to higher 2014 pretax earnings and recognition of additional r&e credits in 2013. these were partially offset by a 2014 tax benefit for prior year adjustments. the etr was 33.9 percent for 2014 compared with 33.8 percent for 2013. see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
income tax expense increased $33.8 million for 2013 compared with 2012. the increase in income tax expense was primarily due to higher pretax earnings in 2013, a tax benefit for a carryback in 2012 and for the restoration in 2012 of a portion of the tax benefit associated with federal subsidies for prescription drug plans that was previously written off in 2010. these were partially offset in 2013 by a tax benefit for a carryback claim related to 2013, r&e credits and increased permanent plant-related reductions. the etr was 33.8 percent for 2013 compared with 33.2 percent for 2012. the higher etr for 2013 was primarily due to the adjustments referenced above. see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
64
xcel energy inc. and other results the following tables summarize the net income and eps contributions of xcel energy inc. and its nonregulated businesses:
contribution to xcel energy's earnings
(millions of dollars)                      2014                  2013                                     2012
xcel energy inc. financing costs               $(51.8      )           $(62.9      )           $(71.5      )
eloigne (a)                                    (0.5        )           (0.8        )                 3.8
xcel energy inc. taxes and other results       (5.0        )           (7.1        )                 0.8
total xcel energy inc. and other costs         $(57.3      )           $(70.8      )           $(66.9      )
contribution to xcel energy's eps
(earnings per share)                       2014                  2013                                     2012
xcel energy inc. financing costs               $(0.10      )           $(0.13      )           $(0.15      )
eloigne (a)                                    -                       -                            0.01
xcel energy inc. taxes and other results       (0.01       )           (0.01       )           -
total xcel energy inc. and other costs         $(0.11      )           $(0.14      )           $(0.14      )
(a)   amounts include gains or losses associated with sales of properties held by eloigne.
xcel energy inc.'s results include interest charges, which are incurred at xcel energy inc. and are not directly assigned to individual subsidiaries.
factors affecting results of operations xcel energy's utility revenues depend on customer usage, which varies with weather conditions, general business conditions and the cost of energy services. various regulatory agencies approve the prices for electric and natural gas service within their respective jurisdictions and affect xcel energy's ability to recover its costs from customers. the historical and future trends of xcel energy's operating results have been, and are expected to be, affected by a number of factors, including those listed below.
general economic conditions economic conditions may have a material impact on xcel energy's operating results. while economic growth has been improving over the past year, management cannot predict whether this trend will be sustained going forward. other events impact overall economic conditions and management cannot predict the impact of fluctuating energy prices, terrorist activity, war or the threat of war. however, xcel energy could experience a material impact to its results of operations, future growth or ability to raise capital resulting from a sustained general slowdown in economic growth or a significant increase in interest rates.
fuel supply and costs xcel energy inc.'s operating utilities have varying dependence on coal, natural gas and uranium. changes in commodity prices are generally recovered through fuel recovery mechanisms and have very little impact on earnings. however, availability of supply, the potential implementation of a carbon tax or emissions-related generation restrictions and unanticipated changes in regulatory recovery mechanisms could impact our operations. see item 1 for further discussion of fuel supply and costs.
pension plan costs and assumptions xcel energy has significant net pension and postretirement benefit costs that are measured using actuarial valuations. inherent in these valuations are key assumptions including discount rates and expected return on plan assets. xcel energy evaluates these key assumptions at least annually by analyzing current market conditions, which include changes in interest rates and market returns. changes in the related net pension and postretirement benefits costs and funding requirements may occur in the future due to changes in assumptions. the payout of a significant percentage of pension plan liabilities in a single year due to high retirements or employees leaving the company would trigger settlement accounting and could require the company to recognize material incremental pension expense related to unrecognized plan losses in the year these liabilities are paid. for further discussion and a sensitivity analysis on these assumptions, see "employee benefits" under critical accounting policies and estimates.
65
regulation ferc and state regulation - the ferc and various state and local regulatory commissions regulate xcel energy inc.'s utility subsidiaries and transco subsidiaries. decisions by these regulators can significantly impact xcel energy's results of operations. xcel energy expects to periodically file for rate changes based on changing energy market and general economic conditions.
the electric and natural gas rates charged to customers of xcel energy inc.'s utility subsidiaries are approved by the ferc or the regulatory commissions in the states in which they operate. the rates are designed to recover plant investment, operating costs and an allowed return on investment. xcel energy requests changes in rates for utility services through filings with the governing commissions. changes in operating costs can affect xcel energy's financial results, depending on the timing of filing general rate cases and the implementation of final rates. in addition to changes in operating costs, other factors affecting rate filings are new investments, sales, conservation and dsm efforts, and the cost of capital. in addition, the regulatory commissions authorize the roe, capital structure and depreciation rates in rate proceedings.
wholesale energy market regulation - wholesale energy markets in the midwest and south central u.s. are operated by miso and spp, respectively, to centrally dispatch all regional electric generation and apply a regional transmission congestion management system. nsp-minnesota and nsp-wisconsin are members of miso and sps is a member of spp. nsp-minnesota, nsp-wisconsin and sps expect to recover energy charges through either base rates or various recovery mechanisms. see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
capital expenditure regulation - xcel energy inc.'s utility subsidiaries make substantial investments in plant additions to build and upgrade power plants, and expand and maintain the reliability of the energy transmission and distribution systems. in addition to filings for increases in base rates charged to customers to recover the costs associated with such investments, the cpuc, mpuc, sdpuc, ndpsc and puct in certain instances have approved proposals to recover, through a rate rider, costs to upgrade generation plants and lower emissions, increase transmission investment cost, and/or increase distribution investment cost, and increase purchased power capacity cost. these non-fuel rate riders are expected to provide cash flows to enable recovery of costs incurred on a more timely basis. for wholesale electric transmission and production services, xcel energy has, consistent with ferc policy, implemented formula rates for each of the utility subsidiaries that will provide annual rate changes as transmission or production investments increase in a manner similar to the retail rate riders. in november 2014, the ferc approved transmission formula rates for xetd and xest, which would apply to electric transmission assets the transcos may own. nsp-minnesota and nsp-wisconsin have no cost-based wholesale production customers and therefore have not implemented a production formula rate.
environmental matters environmental costs include accruals for nuclear plant decommissioning and payments for storage of spent nuclear fuel, disposal of hazardous materials and waste, remediation of contaminated sites, monitoring of discharges to the environment and compliance with laws and permits with respect to emissions. a trend of greater environmental awareness and increasingly stringent regulation may continue to cause higher operating expenses and capital expenditures for environmental compliance.
costs charged to operating expenses for nuclear decommissioning and spent nuclear fuel disposal expenses, environmental monitoring and disposal of hazardous materials and waste were approximately:
•   $292 million in 2014;
•   $275 million in 2013; and
•   $263 million in 2012.
xcel energy estimates an average annual expense of approximately $339 million from 2015 through 2019 for similar costs. the precise timing and amount of environmental costs, including those for site remediation and disposal of hazardous materials, are unknown. additionally, the extent to which environmental costs will be included in and recovered through rates may fluctuate.
capital expenditures for environmental improvements at regulated facilities were approximately:
•   $373 million in 2014;
•   $517 million in 2013; and
•   $255 million in 2012.
66
see item 7 - capital requirements for further discussion.
xcel energy's operations are subject to federal and state laws and regulations related to air emissions, water discharges and waste management from various sources. such laws and regulations impose monitoring and reporting requirements and may require xcel energy to obtain pre-approval for the construction or modification of projects that increase air emissions, water discharges or land disposal of wastes, obtain and comply with permits that contain emission, discharge and operational limitations, or install or operate pollution control equipment at facilities. xcel energy will likely be required to incur capital expenditures in the future to comply with these requirements for remediation plans of mgp sites and various regulations for air emissions, water intake and discharge and waste disposal. actual expenditures could vary from the estimates presented. the scope and timing of these expenditures cannot be determined until any new or revised regulations become final.
there are emission controls, known as bart, for industrial facilities releasing emissions that reduce visibility in certain national parks and wilderness areas. xcel energy generating facilities in minnesota and colorado are subject to bart requirements. further, generating facilities throughout the xcel energy territory are subject to state and federal mercury reduction requirements. in addition, the epa has proposed to require installation of dry scrubbers on tolk units 1 and 2 under a federal visibility plan for texas.
see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of xcel energy's environmental contingencies.
inflation inflation at its current level is not expected to materially affect xcel energy's prices or returns to shareholders. however, potential future inflation could result from economic conditions or the economic and monetary policies of the u.s. government and the federal reserve. this could lead to future price increases for materials and services required to deliver electric and natural gas services to customers. these potential cost increases could in turn lead to increased prices to customers. if current low oil prices lead to sustained deflation, that could also reduce general economic activity although it may lead to lower electric and natural gas prices to customers.
critical accounting policies and estimates preparation of the consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in compliance with gaap requires the application of accounting rules and guidance, as well as the use of estimates. the application of these policies involves judgments regarding future events, including the likelihood of success of particular projects, legal and regulatory challenges and anticipated recovery of costs. these judgments could materially impact the consolidated financial statements and disclosures, based on varying assumptions. in addition, the financial and operating environment also may have a significant effect on the operation of the business and on the results reported. the following is a list of accounting policies and estimates that are most significant to the portrayal of xcel energy's financial condition and results, and require management's most difficult, subjective or complex judgments. each of these has a higher likelihood of resulting in materially different reported amounts under different conditions or using different assumptions. each critical accounting policy has been reviewed and discussed with the audit committee of xcel energy inc.'s board of directors on a quarterly basis.
regulatory accounting xcel energy inc. is a holding company with rate-regulated subsidiaries that are subject to the accounting for regulated operations, which provides that rate-regulated entities account and report assets and liabilities consistent with the recovery of those incurred costs in rates and if the competitive environment makes it probable that such rates will be charged and collected. xcel energy's rates are derived through the ratemaking process, which results in the recording of regulatory assets and liabilities based on the probability of future cash flows. regulatory assets generally represent incurred or accrued costs that have been deferred because they are probable of future recovery from customers. regulatory liabilities generally represent amounts that are expected to be refunded to customers in future rates or amounts collected in current rates for future costs. in other businesses or industries, regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities would generally be charged to net income or oci.
each reporting period xcel energy assesses the probability of future recoveries and obligations associated with regulatory assets and liabilities. factors such as the current regulatory environment, recently issued rate orders and historical precedents are considered. decisions made by regulatory agencies can directly impact the amount and timing of cost recovery as well as the rate of return on invested capital and may materially impact xcel energy's results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows.
67
as of dec. 31, 2014 and 2013, xcel energy has recorded regulatory assets of $3.2 billion and $2.9 billion and regulatory liabilities of $1.6 billion and $1.3 billion, respectively. each subsidiary is subject to regulation that varies from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. if future recovery of costs, in any such jurisdiction, ceases to be probable, xcel energy would be required to charge these assets to current net income or oci. there are no current or expected proposals or changes in the regulatory environment that impact the probability of future recovery of these assets. see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of regulatory assets and liabilities and note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of rate matters.
income tax accruals judgment, uncertainty, and estimates are a significant aspect of the income tax accrual process that accounts for the effects of current and deferred income taxes. uncertainty associated with the application of tax statutes and regulations and the outcomes of tax audits and appeals require that judgment and estimates be made in the accrual process and in the calculation of the etr. changes in tax laws and rates may affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities and our etr in the future. there exists the potential for federal tax reform that may significantly change the tax rules applicable to xcel energy. at this time, due to the inherent uncertainty of future legislation, any potential resulting impact cannot be reasonably estimated.
etrs are also highly impacted by assumptions. etr calculations are revised every quarter based on best available year-end tax assumptions (income levels, deductions, credits, etc.); adjusted in the following year after returns are filed, with the tax accrual estimates being trued-up to the actual amounts claimed on the tax returns; and further adjusted after examinations by taxing authorities have been completed.
in accordance with the interim period reporting guidance, income tax expense for the first three quarters in a year is based on the forecasted etr. the forecasted etr reflects a number of estimates including forecasted annual income, permanent tax adjustments and tax credits.
accounting for income taxes also requires that only tax benefits that meet the more likely than not recognition threshold can be recognized or continue to be recognized. the change in the unrecognized tax benefits needs to be reasonably estimated based on evaluation of the nature of uncertainty, the nature of event that could cause the change and an estimated range of reasonably possible changes. management will use prudent business judgment to derecognize appropriate amounts of tax benefits at any period end, and as new developments occur. unrecognized tax benefits can be recognized as issues are favorably resolved and loss exposures decline.
we may adjust our unrecognized tax benefits and interest accruals to the updated estimates as disputes with the irs and state tax authorities are resolved. these adjustments may increase or decrease earnings. see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
employee benefits xcel energy's pension costs are based on an actuarial calculation that includes a number of key assumptions, most notably the annual return level that pension and postretirement health care investment assets are expected to earn in the future and the interest rate used to discount future pension benefit payments to a present value obligation. in addition, the pension cost calculation uses an asset-smoothing methodology to reduce the volatility of varying investment performance over time. see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion on the rate of return and discount rate used in the calculation of pension costs and obligations.
pension costs are expected to increase in 2015 and decline in the following few years. funding requirements are expected to decrease in 2015 and then be flat in the following years. while investment returns exceeded the assumed levels in 2012 and again in 2014, investment returns were slightly below the assumed levels in 2013. the pension cost calculation uses a market-related valuation of pension assets. xcel energy uses a calculated value method to determine the market-related value of the plan assets. the market-related value is determined by adjusting the fair market value of assets at the beginning of the year to reflect the investment gains and losses (the difference between the actual investment return and the expected investment return on the market-related value) during each of the previous five years at the rate of 20 percent per year. as these differences between the actual investment returns and the expected investment returns are incorporated into the market-related value, the differences are recognized in pension cost over the expected average remaining years of service for active employees which was approximately 11 years in 2014.
68
based on current assumptions and the recognition of past investment gains and losses, xcel energy currently projects the pension costs recognized for financial reporting purposes will be $140.4 million in 2015 and $129.6 million in 2016, while the actual pension costs were $126.5 million in 2014 and $151.8 million in 2013. the expected increase in the 2015 cost is due primarily to the impact of a potential settlement in the most recent colorado electric rate case, updating the mortality tables and a decrease in the discount rate which were offset by the reduced amortization of prior service costs and other historic loss amounts, including the 2008 market loss. further, future year costs are expected to decrease primarily as a result of reductions in loss amortizations and an increase in expected return on assets as a result of increases in assets via planned contributions and the subsequent expected return of current assets.
in 2014, the society of actuaries published a new mortality table and projection scale that increased the overall life expectancy of males and females. xcel energy has reviewed its own population through a credibility analysis and adopted the rp 2014 table with modifications based on our population and specific experience.
at dec. 31, 2014, xcel energy set the rate of return on assets used to measure pension costs at 7.09 percent, which is a four basis point increase from dec. 31, 2013. the rate of return used to measure postretirement health care costs is 5.80 percent at dec. 31, 2014 and is a 137 basis point decrease from dec. 31, 2013. xcel energy's ongoing investment strategy is based on plan-specific investment recommendations that seek to minimize potential investment and interest rate risk as a plan's funded status increases over time. the investment recommendations result in a greater percentage of long-duration fixed income securities being allocated to specific plans having relatively higher funded status ratios and a greater percentage of growth assets being allocated to plans having relatively lower funded status ratios.
xcel energy set the discount rates used to value the dec. 31, 2014 pension and postretirement health care obligations at 4.11 percent and 4.08 percent, which represent a 64 basis point and 74 basis point decrease from dec. 31, 2013, respectively. xcel energy uses a bond matching study as its primary basis for determining the discount rate used to value pension and postretirement health care obligations. the bond matching study utilizes a portfolio of high grade (aa or higher) bonds that matches the expected cash flows of xcel energy's benefit plans in amount and duration. the effective yield on this cash flow matched bond portfolio determines the discount rate for the individual plans. the bond matching study is validated for reasonableness against the citigroup pension liability discount curve and the citigroup above median curve. at dec. 31, 2014, these reference points supported the selected rate. in addition to these reference points, xcel energy also reviews general actuarial survey data to assess the reasonableness of the discount rate selected.
the following are the pension funding contributions across all four of xcel energy's pension plans, both voluntary and required, for 2012 through 2015:
•   $90.0 million in january 2015;
•   $130.6 million in 2014;
•   $192.4 million in 2013; and
•   $198.1 million in 2012.
for future years, we anticipate contributions will be made as necessary. these contributions are summarized in note 9 to the consolidated financial statements. future year amounts are estimates and may change based on actual market performance, changes in interest rates and any changes in governmental regulations. therefore, additional contributions could be required in the future.
if xcel energy were to use alternative assumptions at dec. 31, 2014, a one-percent change would result in the following impact on 2015 pension costs:
pension costs
(millions of dollars)   +1%                         -1%
rate of return          $(20.6      )         $20.6
discount rate (a)       (10.6       )   13.4
(a)   these costs include the effects of regulation.
69
effective jan. 1, 2015, the initial medical trend assumption was decreased from 7.00 percent to 6.50 percent. the ultimate trend assumption remained at 4.5 percent. the period until the ultimate rate is reached is four years. xcel energy bases its medical trend assumption on the long-term cost inflation expected in the health care market, considering the levels projected and recommended by industry experts, as well as recent actual medical cost experienced by xcel energy's retiree medical plan.
•   xcel energy contributed $17.1 million, $17.6 million and $47.1 million during 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, to the postretirement health care plans.
•   xcel energy expects to contribute approximately $12.8 million during 2015.
xcel energy recovers employee benefits costs in its regulated utility operations consistent with accounting guidance with the exception of the areas noted below.
•   nsp-minnesota recognizes pension expense in all regulatory jurisdictions based on expense as calculated using the aggregate normal cost actuarial method. differences between aggregate normal cost and expense as calculated by pension accounting standards are deferred as a regulatory liability.
•   colorado, texas, new mexico and ferc jurisdictions allow the recovery of other postretirement benefit costs only to the extent that recognized expense is matched by cash contributions to an irrevocable trust. xcel energy has consistently funded at a level to allow full recovery of costs in these jurisdictions.
•   psco and sps recognize pension expense in all regulatory jurisdictions based on expense consistent with accounting guidance. the colorado electric retail and texas jurisdictions record the difference between annual recognized pension expense and the annual amount of pension expense approved in their last respective general rate case as a deferral to a regulatory asset.
•   beginning in 2015, the colorado electric retail jurisdiction expects to recognize additional expense associated with a pending order to accelerate amortization of the qualified prepaid pension asset. a regulatory liability would be recorded to account for any resulting regulatory obligation.
see note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
nuclear decommissioning xcel energy recognizes liabilities for the expected cost of retiring tangible long-lived assets for which a legal obligation exists. these aros are recognized at fair value as incurred and are capitalized as part of the cost of the related long-lived assets. in the absence of quoted market prices, xcel energy estimates the fair value of its aros using present value techniques, in which it makes various assumptions including estimates of the amounts and timing of future cash flows associated with retirement activities, credit-adjusted risk free rates and cost escalation rates. when xcel energy revises any assumptions used to estimate aros, it adjusts the carrying amount of both the aro liability and the related long-lived asset. xcel energy accretes aro liabilities to reflect the passage of time using the interest method.
a significant portion of xcel energy's aros relates to the future decommissioning of nsp-minnesota's nuclear facilities. the total obligation for nuclear decommissioning is expected to be funded 100 percent by the external decommissioning trust fund. the difference between regulatory funding (including depreciation expense less returns from the external trust fund) and expense recognized under current accounting guidance is deferred as a regulatory asset. the amounts recorded for aros related to future nuclear decommissioning were $2,038 million and $1,628 million as of dec. 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. based on their significance, the following discussion relates specifically to the aros associated with nuclear decommissioning.
nsp-minnesota obtains periodic cost studies in order to estimate the cost and timing of planned nuclear decommissioning activities. these independent cost studies are based on relevant information available at the time performed. estimates of future cash flows for extended periods of time are by nature highly uncertain and may vary significantly from actual results. nsp-minnesota is required to file a nuclear decommissioning study every three years. in december 2014, nsp-minnesota submitted this filing to the mpuc, which covered all expenses over the decommissioning period of the nuclear plants, including decontamination and removal of radioactive material. a decision on the filing is expected in late 2015 or early 2016.
70
the following key assumptions have a significant effect on the estimated nuclear obligation:
•   timing - decommissioning cost estimates are impacted by each facility's retirement date and the expected timing of the actual decommissioning activities. currently, the estimated retirement dates coincide with each unit's operating license with the nrc (i.e., 2030 for monticello and 2033 and 2034 for pi's unit 1 and 2, respectively). the estimated timing of the decommissioning activities is based upon the decon method, which is required by the mpuc. by utilizing this method, which assumes prompt removal and dismantlement, these activities are expected to begin at the end of the license date and be completed for both facilities by 2091.
•   technology and regulation - there is limited experience with actual decommissioning of large nuclear facilities. changes in technology and experience as well as changes in regulations regarding nuclear decommissioning could cause cost estimates to change significantly. nsp-minnesota's 2014 nuclear decommissioning filing assumed current technology and regulations.
•   escalation rates - escalation rates represent projected cost increases over time due to both general inflation and increases in the cost of specific decommissioning activities. nsp-minnesota used an escalation rate of 4.36 percent in calculating the aros related to nuclear decommissioning for the remaining operational period through the radiological decommissioning period. an escalation rate of 3.36 percent was utilized for the period of operating costs related to interim dry cask storage of spent nuclear fuel and site restoration.
•   discount rates - changes in timing or estimated expected cash flows that result in upward revisions to the aro are calculated using the then-current credit-adjusted risk-free interest rate. the credit-adjusted risk-free rate in effect when the change occurs is used to discount the revised estimate of the incremental expected cash flows of the retirement activity. if the change in timing or estimated expected cash flows results in a downward revision of the aro, the undiscounted revised estimate of expected cash flows is discounted using the credit-adjusted risk-free rate in effect at the date of initial measurement and recognition of the original aro. discount rates ranging from approximately four and seven percent have been used to calculate the net present value of the expected future cash flows over time.
significant uncertainties exist in estimating the future cost of nuclear decommissioning including the method to be utilized, the ultimate costs to decommission, and the planned method of disposing spent fuel. if different cost estimates, life assumptions or cost escalation rates were utilized, the aros could change materially. however, changes in estimates have minimal impact on results of operations as nsp-minnesota expects to continue to recover all costs in future rates.
xcel energy continually makes judgments and estimates related to these critical accounting policy areas, based on an evaluation of the varying assumptions and uncertainties for each area. the information and assumptions underlying many of these judgments and estimates will be affected by events beyond the control of xcel energy, or otherwise change over time. this may require adjustments to recorded results to better reflect the events and updated information that becomes available. the accompanying financial statements reflect management's best estimates and judgments of the impact of these factors as of dec. 31, 2014.
derivatives, risk management and market risk xcel energy inc. and its subsidiaries are exposed to a variety of market risks in the normal course of business. market risk is the potential loss that may occur as a result of adverse changes in the market or fair value of a particular instrument or commodity. all financial and commodity-related instruments, including derivatives, are subject to market risk. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of market risks associated with derivatives.
xcel energy is exposed to the impact of adverse changes in price for energy and energy-related products, which is partially mitigated by the use of commodity derivatives. in addition to ongoing monitoring and maintaining credit policies intended to minimize overall credit risk, when necessary, management takes steps to mitigate changes in credit and concentration risks associated with its derivatives and other contracts, including parental guarantees and requests of collateral. while xcel energy expects that the counterparties will perform under the contracts underlying its derivatives, the contracts expose xcel energy to some credit and non-performance risk.
though no material non-performance risk currently exists with the counterparties to xcel energy's commodity derivative contracts, distress in the financial markets may in the future impact that risk to the extent it impacts those counterparties. distress in the financial markets may also impact the fair value of the securities in the nuclear decommissioning fund and master pension trust, as well as xcel energy's ability to earn a return on short-term investments of excess cash.
71
commodity price risk - xcel energy inc.'s utility subsidiaries are exposed to commodity price risk in their electric and natural gas operations. commodity price risk is managed by entering into long- and short-term physical purchase and sales contracts for electric capacity, energy and energy-related products and for various fuels used in generation and distribution activities. commodity price risk is also managed through the use of financial derivative instruments. xcel energy's risk management policy allows it to manage commodity price risk within each rate-regulated operation to the extent such exposure exists.
wholesale and commodity trading risk - xcel energy inc.'s utility subsidiaries conduct various wholesale and commodity trading activities, including the purchase and sale of electric capacity, energy and energy-related instruments. xcel energy's risk management policy allows management to conduct these activities within guidelines and limitations as approved by its risk management committee, which is made up of management personnel not directly involved in the activities governed by this policy.
at dec. 31, 2014, the fair values by source for net commodity trading contract assets were as follows:
futures / forwards
(thousands of dollars)        source offair value      maturity                   maturity1 to 3 years          maturity4 to 5 years          maturity                      total futures /
less than1 year                                                                        greater than5 years           forwardsfair value nsp-minnesota                       1                  $6,359                     $8,238                        $1,401                        $1,088                        $17,086
2                  4,400                      -                             -                             -                             4,400
$10,759                    $8,238                        $1,401                        $1,088                        $21,486
options
(thousands of dollars)        source offair value      maturity                   maturity1 to 3 years          maturity4 to 5 years          maturity                      total optionsfair value less than1 year                                                                        greater than5 years nsp-minnesota                       2                  $325                       $-                            $-                            $-                            $325
1 - prices actively quoted or based on actively quoted prices.
2 - prices based on models and other valuation methods.
changes in the fair value of commodity trading contracts before the impacts of margin-sharing mechanisms for the years ended dec. 31, were as follows:
(thousands of dollars)                                                       2014                2013
fair value of commodity trading net contract assets outstanding at jan. 1          $30,514             $28,314
contracts realized or settled during the period                                    (12,698   )          (6,665   )
commodity trading contract additions and changes during the period                   3,995               8,865
fair value of commodity trading net contract assets outstanding at dec. 31         $21,811             $30,514
at dec. 31, 2014, a 10 percent increase in market prices for commodity trading contracts would increase pretax income by approximately $0.9 million, whereas a 10 percent decrease would decrease pretax income by approximately $0.9 million. at dec. 31, 2013, a 10 percent increase in market prices for commodity trading contracts would decrease pretax income by approximately $0.6 million, whereas a 10 percent decrease would increase pretax income by approximately $0.6 million.
xcel energy inc.'s utility subsidiaries' wholesale and commodity trading operations measure the outstanding risk exposure to price changes on transactions, contracts and obligations that have been entered into, but not closed, including transactions that are not recorded at fair value, using an industry standard methodology known as value at risk (var). var expresses the potential change in fair value on the outstanding transactions, contracts and obligations over a particular period of time under normal market conditions.
the vars for the nsp-minnesota and psco commodity trading operations, calculated on a consolidated basis using a monte carlo simulation with a 95 percent confidence level and a one-day holding period, were as follows:
(millions of dollars)           year endeddec. 31             var limit            average              high   low
2014               $0.57                   $3.00               $0.61              $4.06       $0.13
2013   0.29                                 3.00                0.41               1.65            &lt;0.01
72
nuclear fuel supply - nsp-minnesota is scheduled to take delivery of approximately 13 percent of its 2015 enriched nuclear material requirements from sources that could be impacted by events in ukraine and sanctions against russia. in 2014, nsp-minnesota arranged for and took delivery of material from alternate sources that were not impacted by these world events. these alternate sources are expected to provide the flexibility to manage nsp-minnesota's nuclear fuel supply to ensure that plant availability and reliability will not be negatively impacted in the near-term. long-term, through 2024, nsp-minnesota is scheduled to take delivery of approximately 34 percent of its average enriched nuclear material requirements from sources that could be impacted by events in ukraine and extended sanctions against russia. nsp-minnesota is closely following the progression of these events and will periodically assess if further actions are required to assure a secure supply of enriched nuclear material beyond 2015.
interest rate risk - xcel energy is subject to the risk of fluctuating interest rates in the normal course of business. xcel energy's risk management policy allows interest rate risk to be managed through the use of fixed rate debt, floating rate debt and interest rate derivatives such as swaps, caps, collars and put or call options.
at dec. 31, 2014 and 2013, a 100 basis point change in the benchmark rate on xcel energy's variable rate debt would impact annual pretax interest expense by approximately $10.4 million and $8.3 million, respectively. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of xcel energy inc. and its subsidiaries' interest rate derivatives.
nsp-minnesota also maintains a nuclear decommissioning fund, as required by the nrc. the nuclear decommissioning fund is subject to interest rate risk and equity price risk. at dec. 31, 2014, the fund was invested in a diversified portfolio of cash equivalents, debt securities, equity securities, and other investments. these investments may be used only for activities related to nuclear decommissioning. given the purpose and legal restrictions on the use of nuclear decommissioning fund assets, realized and unrealized gains on fund investments over the life of the fund are deferred as an offset of nsp-minnesota's regulatory asset for nuclear decommissioning costs. consequently, any realized and unrealized gains and losses on securities in the nuclear decommissioning fund, including any other-than-temporary impairments, are deferred as a component of the regulatory asset for nuclear decommissioning. since the accounting for nuclear decommissioning recognizes that costs are recovered through rates, fluctuations in equity prices or interest rates do not have a direct impact on earnings.
credit risk - xcel energy inc. and its subsidiaries are also exposed to credit risk. credit risk relates to the risk of loss resulting from counterparties' nonperformance on their contractual obligations. xcel energy inc. and its subsidiaries maintain credit policies intended to minimize overall credit risk and actively monitor these policies to reflect changes and scope of operations.
at dec. 31, 2014, a 10 percent increase in commodity prices would have resulted in an increase in credit exposure of $12.2 million, while a decrease in prices of 10 percent would have resulted in an increase in credit exposure of $2.7 million. at dec. 31, 2013, a 10 percent increase in commodity prices would have resulted in an increase in credit exposure of $15.2 million, while a decrease in prices of 10 percent would have resulted in an increase in credit exposure of $2.6 million.
xcel energy inc. and its subsidiaries conduct standard credit reviews for all counterparties. xcel energy employs additional credit risk control mechanisms when appropriate, such as letters of credit, parental guarantees, standardized master netting agreements and termination provisions that allow for offsetting of positive and negative exposures. credit exposure is monitored and, when necessary, the activity with a specific counterparty is limited until credit enhancement is provided. distress in the financial markets could increase xcel energy's credit risk.
fair value measurements xcel energy follows accounting and disclosure guidance on fair value measurements that contains a hierarchy for inputs used in measuring fair value and requires disclosure of the observability of the inputs used in these measurements. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the fair value hierarchy and the amounts of assets and liabilities measured at fair value that have been assigned to level 3.
commodity derivatives - xcel energy continuously monitors the creditworthiness of the counterparties to its commodity derivative contracts and assesses each counterparty's ability to perform on the transactions set forth in the contracts. given this assessment and the typically short duration of these contracts, the impact of discounting commodity derivative assets for counterparty credit risk was not material to the fair value of commodity derivative assets at dec. 31, 2014. adjustments to fair value for credit risk of commodity trading instruments are recorded in electric revenues. credit risk adjustments for other commodity derivative instruments are deferred as oci or regulatory assets and liabilities. the classification as a regulatory asset or liability is based on commission approved regulatory recovery mechanisms. xcel energy also assesses the impact of its own credit risk when determining the fair value of commodity derivative liabilities. the impact of discounting commodity derivative liabilities for credit risk was immaterial to the fair value of commodity derivative liabilities at dec. 31, 2014.
73
commodity derivative assets and liabilities assigned to level 3 typically consist of ftrs, as well as forwards and options that are long-term in nature. level 3 commodity derivative assets and liabilities represent 3.7 percent and 41.0 percent of gross assets and liabilities, respectively, measured at fair value at dec. 31, 2014.
determining the fair value of ftrs requires numerous management forecasts that vary in observability, including various forward commodity prices, retail and wholesale demand, generation and resulting transmission system congestion. given the limited observability of management's forecasts for several of these inputs, these instruments have been assigned a level 3. level 3 commodity derivatives assets and liabilities included $67.0 million and $10.9 million of estimated fair values, respectively, for ftrs held at dec. 31, 2014.
determining the fair value of certain commodity forwards and options can require management to make use of subjective price and volatility forecasts which extend to periods beyond those readily observable on active exchanges or quoted by brokers. when less observable forward price and volatility forecasts are significant to determining the value of commodity forwards and options, these instruments are assigned to level 3. there were no level 3 forwards or options held at dec. 31, 2014.
nuclear decommissioning fund - nuclear decommissioning fund assets assigned to level 3 consist of private equity investments and real estate investments. based on an evaluation of nsp-minnesota's ability to redeem private equity investments and real estate investment funds measured at net asset value, estimated fair values for these investments totaling $165.5 million in the nuclear decommissioning fund at dec. 31, 2014 (approximately 9.2 percent of total assets measured at fair value) are assigned to level 3. realized and unrealized gains and losses on nuclear decommissioning fund investments are deferred as a regulatory asset.
liquidity and capital resources cash flows
(millions of dollars)                       2014                2013                2012
net cash provided by operating activities          $2,648              $2,584              $2,005
net cash provided by operating activities increased by $64 million for 2014 as compared to 2013. additional net income, excluding amounts related to non-cash operating activities (e.g. depreciation and deferred tax expenses) and lower pension contributions in 2014 were offset by changes in working capital and other noncurrent assets and liabilities.
net cash provided by operating activities increased by $579 million for 2013 as compared to 2012. the increase was primarily the result of higher net income, changes in working capital due to the timing of payments and receipts, net changes in regulatory assets and liabilities, and payments mainly related to interest rate swap settlements in 2012.
(millions of dollars)                   2014                2013                2012
net cash used in investing activities       $(3,117     )       $(3,213     )       $(2,333     )
net cash used in investing activities decreased by $96 million for 2014 as compared to 2013. the decrease was primarily attributable to higher capital expenditures in 2013 associated with several major construction projects including the monticello nuclear epu and the pi steam generator replacement. the change in capital expenditures was partially offset by the impact of higher insurance proceeds related to sherco unit 3 and proceeds received from the sale of certain transmission assets to sharyland in 2013.
net cash used in investing activities increased by $880 million for 2013 as compared to 2012. the increase was primarily the result of higher capital expenditures for several major construction projects including the monticello nuclear epu project as well as the pi steam generator replacement and certain other transmission line projects. other differences mainly related to changes in restricted cash.
(millions of dollars)                       2014              2013              2012
net cash provided by financing activities          $442              $654              $350
net cash provided by financing activities decreased by $212 million for 2014 as compared to 2013. the decrease was primarily due to lower proceeds from long-term debt, less issuances of common stock and higher dividend payments, partially offset by higher proceeds from short-term debt and lower repayments of long-term debt.
74
net cash provided by financing activities increased by $654 million for 2013 as compared to 2012. the increase was primarily due to the issuance of more common stock during 2013, lower repayments of previously existing long-term debt, which was partially offset by reductions in long-term and short-term borrowing.
see discussion of trends, commitments and uncertainties with the potential for future impact on cash flow and liquidity under capital sources.
capital requirements xcel energy expects to meet future financing requirements by periodically issuing short-term debt, long-term debt, common stock, hybrid and other securities to maintain desired capitalization ratios.
capital expenditures - the current estimated capital expenditure programs of xcel energy inc. and its subsidiaries for the years 2015 through 2019 are shown in the table below.
actual                                                                                                                       forecast
(millions of dollars)                      2014                2015                2016                2017                2018                2019          2015 - 2019 total by subsidiary nsp-minnesota                       $1,159               $1,625                $990                $975                $845                $950                 $5,385
psco                                 1,064                  950                 820                 815                 885               1,010                  4,480
sps                                    542                  570                 710                 735                 595                 565                  3,175
nsp-wisconsin                          290                  230                 260                 300                 325                 325                  1,440
total capital expenditures          $3,055               $3,375              $2,780              $2,825              $2,650              $2,850                $14,480
by function                               2014                2015                2016                2017                2018                2019           2015 - 2019 total electric transmission                 $972                $875                $780                $905                $975              $1,000                  $4,535
electric generation                    710               1,190                 630                 620                 415                 450                   3,305
electric distribution                  545                 605                 630                 640                 650                 680                   3,205
natural gas                            525                 370                 370                 305                 355                 380                   1,780
nuclear fuel                           154                  90                 120                 120                  65                 150       545
other                                  149                 245                 250                 235                 190                 190                   1,110
total capital expenditures          $3,055              $3,375              $2,780              $2,825              $2,650              $2,850                 $14,480
the capital expenditure programs of xcel energy are subject to continuing review and modification. actual utility capital expenditures may vary from the estimates due to changes in electric and natural gas projected load growth, regulatory decisions, legislative initiatives, reserve margin requirements, the availability of purchased power, alternative plans for meeting long-term energy needs, compliance with environmental requirements, rps and merger, acquisition and divestiture opportunities. the table above does not include potential expenditures of xcel energy's transcos.
the current estimated financing plans to fund capital expenditures of xcel energy inc. and its subsidiaries for the years 2015 through 2019 are shown in the table below.
(millions of dollars)
funding capital expenditures cash from operations*                                                         $11,500
new debt**                                                                      2,605
equity from dividend reinvestment program (drip) and benefit programs   375
2015-2019 capital expenditures                                                $14,480
maturing debt                                                                  $2,995
*   cash from operations, net of dividend and pension funding.
**   reflects a combination of short and long-term debt.
75
contractual obligations and other commitments - in addition to its capital expenditure programs, xcel energy has contractual obligations and other commitments that will need to be funded in the future. the following is a summarized table of contractual obligations and other commercial commitments at dec. 31, 2014. see the statements of capitalization and additional discussion in notes 4 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements.
payments due by period
(thousands of dollars)                                                      total            less than 1 year               1 to 3 years               3 to 5 years       after 5 years long-term debt, principal and interest payments (a)               $20,295,497                $788,787                  $2,069,075                 $2,483,533              $14,954,102
capital lease obligations                                             352,185                  17,787                      32,143                     29,154              273,101
operating leases (b)(c)                                             3,103,660                 254,550                     467,423                    463,693              1,917,994
unconditional purchase obligations (d)                             10,101,197               2,023,394                   2,555,760                  1,406,598              4,115,445
other long-term obligations, including current portion (e)            200,289                  52,207                      83,775                     64,307              -
payments to vendors in process                                         35,151                  35,151                           -                          -              -
short-term debt                                                     1,019,500               1,019,500                           -                          -              -
total contractual cash obligations (f)(g)(h)                      $35,107,479              $4,191,376                  $5,208,176                 $4,447,285              $21,260,642
(a)   includes interest payments over the terms of the debt. interest is calculated using the applicable interest rate at dec. 31, 2014, and outstanding principal for each investment with the terms ending at each instrument's maturity.
(b)   under some leases, xcel energy would have to sell or purchase the property that it leases if it chose to terminate before the scheduled lease expiration date. most of xcel energy's railcar, vehicle and equipment and aircraft leases have these terms. at dec. 31, 2014, the amount that xcel energy would have to pay if it chose to terminate these leases was approximately $62.2 million. in addition, at the end of the equipment lease terms, each lease must be extended, equipment purchased for the greater of the fair value or unamortized value of equipment sold to a third party with xcel energy making up any deficiency between the sales price and the unamortized value.
(c)   included in operating lease payments are $228.3 million, $425.4 million, $424.6 million and $1.8 billion, for the less than 1 year, 1-3 years, 3-5 years and after 5 years categories, respectively, pertaining to ppas that were accounted for as operating leases.
(d)   xcel energy inc. and its subsidiaries have contracts providing for the purchase and delivery of a significant portion of its current coal, nuclear fuel and natural gas requirements. additionally, the utility subsidiaries of xcel energy inc. have entered into agreements with utilities and other energy suppliers for purchased power to meet system load and energy requirements, replace generation from company-owned units under maintenance and during outages, and meet operating reserve obligations. certain contractual purchase obligations are adjusted on indices. the effects of price changes are mitigated through cost of energy adjustment mechanisms.
(e)   other long-term obligations relate primarily to amounts associated with technology agreements as well as uncertain tax positions.
(f)   xcel energy also has outstanding authority under o&amp;m contracts to purchase up to approximately $3.6 billion of goods and services through the year 2050, in addition to the amounts disclosed in this table.
(g)   in january 2015, contributions of $90.0 million were made across four of xcel energy's pension plans. obligations of this type are dependent on several factors, including management discretion, and therefore, they are not included in the table.
(h)   xcel energy expects to contribute approximately $12.8 million to the postretirement health care plans during 2015. obligations of this type are dependent on several factors, including management discretion, and therefore, they are not included in the table.
common stock dividends - future dividend levels will be dependent on xcel energy's results of operations, financial position, cash flows, reinvestment opportunities and other factors, and will be evaluated by the xcel energy inc. board of directors. xcel energy's financial objectives include: growing annual ongoing eps four percent to six percent, growing the annual dividend five percent to seven percent and targeting a dividend payout ratio of 60 percent to 70 percent of annual ongoing eps. on feb. 18, 2015, xcel energy announced a quarterly dividend of $0.32 per share, which represented an increase of 6.7 percent. xcel energy's dividend policy balances:
•   projected cash generation;
•   projected capital investment;
•   a reasonable rate of return on shareholder investment; and
•   the impact on xcel energy's capital structure and credit ratings.
in addition, there are certain statutory limitations that could affect dividend levels. federal law places certain limits on the ability of public utilities within a holding company system to declare dividends.
specifically, under the federal power act, a public utility may not pay dividends from any funds properly included in a capital account. the utility subsidiaries' dividends may be limited directly or indirectly by state regulatory commissions or bond indenture covenants. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of restrictions on dividend payments.
76
regulation of derivatives - in july 2010, financial reform legislation was passed that provides for the regulation of derivative transactions amongst other provisions. provisions within the bill provide the cftc and the sec with expanded regulatory authority over derivative and swap transactions. regulations effected under this legislation could preclude or impede some types of over-the-counter energy commodity transactions and/or require clearing through regulated central counterparties, which could negatively impact the market for these transactions or result in extensive margin and fee requirements.
as a result of this legislation, there will be material increased reporting requirements for certain volumes of derivative and swap activity. in april 2012, the cftc ruled that swap dealing activity conducted by entities for the preceding 12 months under a notional limit, initially set at $8 billion with further potential reduction to $3 billion after five years, will fall under the general de minimis threshold and will not subject an entity to registering as a swap dealer. an entity may deal in utility operations-related swaps and not be required to register as a swap dealer provided that the aggregate gross notional amount of swap dealing activity (including utility operations-related swaps) does not exceed the general de minimis threshold and provided that the entity has not exceeded the special entity de minimis threshold (excluding utility operations-related swaps) of $25 million for the preceding 12 months. xcel energy's current and projected swap activity is well below these de minimis thresholds. the bill also contains provisions that should exempt certain derivatives end users from much of the clearing and margin requirements. xcel energy does not expect to be materially impacted by the margining provisions. xcel energy is currently meeting all other reporting requirements.
spp ftr margining requirements - the spp conducted its first annual ftr auction in the spring of 2014 associated with the implementation of the spp im. the process for transmission owners involves the receipt of auction revenue rights (arrs) and, if elected by the transmission owner, conversion of those arrs to firm ftrs. spp requires that the transmission owner post collateral for the conversion of arrs to ftrs. at dec. 31, 2014, sps had a $30 million letter of credit posted with spp, which was a reduction from the initial requirement of $41 million.
pension fund - xcel energy's pension assets are invested in a diversified portfolio of domestic and international equity securities, short-term to long-duration fixed income and interest rate swap securities, and alternative investments, including private equity, real estate, hedge funds and commodity investments.
the funded status and pension assumptions are summarized in the following tables:
(millions of dollars)              dec. 31, 2014        dec. 31, 2013
fair value of pension assets       $3,084               $3,010
projected pension obligation (a)   3,747                3,441
funded status                      $(663         )      $(431         )
(a)   excludes nonqualified plan of $47 million and $37 million at dec. 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
pension assumptions                        2014          2013
discount rate                          4.11   %      4.75   %
expected long-term rate of return      7.09          7.05
capital sources short-term funding sources - xcel energy uses a number of sources to fulfill short-term funding needs, including operating cash flow, notes payable, commercial paper and bank lines of credit. the amount and timing of short-term funding needs depend in large part on financing needs for construction expenditures, working capital and dividend payments.
short-term investments - xcel energy inc., nsp-minnesota, nsp-wisconsin, psco and sps maintain cash operating and short-term investment accounts. at dec. 31, 2014 and 2013, there was $3.3 million and $21.7 million of cash held in these accounts, respectively.
77
commercial paper - xcel energy inc., nsp-minnesota, nsp-wisconsin, psco and sps each have individual commercial paper programs. the authorized levels for these commercial paper programs are:
•   $1 billion for xcel energy inc.;
•   $700 million for psco;
•   $500 million for nsp-minnesota;
•   $400 million for sps; and
•   $150 million for nsp-wisconsin.
commercial paper outstanding for xcel energy was as follows:
(amounts in millions, except interest rates)                        three months ended dec. 31, 2014
borrowing limit                                                                  $2,750
amount outstanding at period end                                                  1,020
average amount outstanding                                                          802
maximum amount outstanding                                                        1,021
weighted average interest rate, computed on a daily basis                          0.36            %
weighted average interest rate at end of period                                    0.56
(amounts in millions, except interest rates)                          year ended dec. 31, 2014             year ended dec. 31, 2013             year ended dec. 31, 2012
borrowing limit                                                              $2,750                               $2,450                               $2,450
amount outstanding at period end                                              1,020                                  759                                  602
average amount outstanding                                                      841                                  481                                  403
maximum amount outstanding                                                    1,200                                1,160                                  634
weighted average interest rate, computed on a daily basis                      0.33          %                      0.31          %                      0.35          %
weighted average interest rate at end of period                                0.56                                 0.25                                 0.36
credit facilities - in october 2014, xcel energy inc., nsp-minnesota, nsp-wisconsin, psco and sps entered into amended five-year credit agreements with a syndicate of banks, replacing their previous five-year credit agreements. the total size of the credit facilities is $2.75 billion and each credit facility terminates in october 2019.
nsp-minnesota, psco, sps and xcel energy inc. each have the right to request an extension of the revolving termination date for two additional one-year periods. nsp-wisconsin has the right to request an extension of the revolving termination date for an additional one-year period. all extension requests are subject to majority bank group approval.
as of feb. 18, 2015, xcel energy inc. and its utility subsidiaries had the following committed credit facilities available to meet liquidity needs:
(millions of dollars)             facility (a)               drawn (b)               available              cash               liquidity xcel energy inc.               $1,000.0                   $505.0                  $495.0                $0.2                $495.2
psco                              700.0                    243.4                   456.6                 0.4                 457.0
nsp-minnesota                     500.0                    139.1                   360.9                 1.0                 361.9
sps                               400.0                    138.0                   262.0                 1.0                 263.0
nsp-wisconsin                     150.0                     51.0                    99.0                 0.9                  99.9
total                          $2,750.0                 $1,076.5                $1,673.5                $3.5              $1,677.0
(a)   these credit facilities have been amended to extend the maturity to october 2019.
(b)   includes outstanding commercial paper and letters of credit.
money pool - xcel energy received ferc approval to establish a utility money pool arrangement with the utility subsidiaries, subject to receipt of required state regulatory approvals. the utility money pool allows for short-term investments in and borrowings between the utility subsidiaries. xcel energy inc. may make investments in the utility subsidiaries at market-based interest rates; however, the money pool arrangement does not allow the utility subsidiaries to make investments in xcel energy inc. the money pool balances are eliminated in consolidation.
78
nsp-minnesota, psco and sps participate in the money pool pursuant to approval from their respective state regulatory commissions. nsp-wisconsin does not participate in the money pool.
registration statements - xcel energy inc.'s articles of incorporation authorize the issuance of one billion shares of $2.50 par value common stock. as of dec. 31, 2014 and 2013, xcel energy inc. had approximately 506 million shares and 498 million shares of common stock outstanding, respectively. in addition, xcel energy inc.'s articles of incorporation authorize the issuance of seven million shares of $100 par value preferred stock. xcel energy inc. had no shares of preferred stock outstanding on dec. 31, 2014 and 2013.
xcel energy inc. and its subsidiaries have the following registration statements on file with the sec, pursuant to which they may sell, from time to time, securities:
•   xcel energy inc. has an effective automatic shelf registration statement filed in august 2012, which does not contain a limit on issuance capacity. however, xcel energy inc.'s ability to issue securities is limited by authority granted by the board of directors, which currently authorizes the issuance of up to an additional $900 million of debt and common equity securities.
•   nsp-minnesota has an automatic shelf registration statement filed in december 2013, which does not contain a limit on issuance capacity. however, nsp-minnesota's ability to issue securities is limited by authority granted by its board of directors, which currently authorizes the issuance of up to an additional $750 million of debt securities.
•   nsp-wisconsin has $100 million of debt securities remaining under its currently effective shelf registration statement, which was filed in december 2013.
•   psco has an automatic shelf registration statement filed in october 2013, which does not contain a limit on issuance capacity. however, psco's ability to issue securities is limited by authority granted by its board of directors, which currently authorizes the issuance of up to an additional $700 million of debt securities.
•   sps has $150 million of debt securities remaining under its currently effective shelf registration statement, which was filed in april 2013. sps intends to register additional debt securities in 2015.
long-term borrowings and other financing instruments - see the consolidated statements of capitalization and a discussion of the long-term borrowings in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.
during 2014, xcel energy inc. and its utility subsidiaries completed the following bond issuances:
•   in march, psco issued $300 million of 4.30 percent first mortgage bonds due march 15, 2044;
•   in may, nsp-minnesota issued $300 million of 4.125 percent first mortgage bonds due may 15, 2044;
•   in june, sps issued $150 million of 3.30 percent first mortgage bonds due june 15, 2024; and
•   in june, nsp-wisconsin issued $100 million of 3.30 percent first mortgage bonds due june 15, 2024.
xcel energy inc. issued approximately 5.7 million shares of common stock through an atm program for approximately $175 million during the first six months of 2014. as a result, xcel energy completed its atm program as of june 30, 2014. xcel energy does not anticipate issuing any additional equity, beyond its drip and benefit programs, over the next five years based on its current capital expenditure plan.
financing plans - xcel energy issues debt and equity securities to refinance retiring maturities, reduce short-term debt, fund capital programs, infuse equity in subsidiaries, fund asset acquisitions and for other general corporate purposes.
during 2015, xcel energy inc. and its utility subsidiaries anticipate issuing the following:
•   xcel energy inc. plans to issue approximately $500 million of senior unsecured bonds;
•   psco plans to issue approximately $250 million of first mortgage bonds;
•   nsp-minnesota plans to issue approximately $600 million of first mortgage bonds;
•   sps plans to issue approximately $250 million of first mortgage bonds; and
•   nsp-wisconsin plans to issue approximately $100 million of first mortgage bonds.
financing plans are subject to change, depending on capital expenditures, internal cash generation, market conditions and other factors.
79
off-balance-sheet arrangements xcel energy does not have any off-balance-sheet arrangements, other than those currently disclosed, that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors.
earnings guidance xcel energy's 2015 ongoing earnings guidance is $2.00 to $2.15 per share. key assumptions related to 2015 earnings are detailed below:
•   constructive outcomes in all rate case and regulatory proceedings.
•   if the mpuc orders a disallowance in the monticello prudence review, xcel energy would exclude the associated charge from ongoing earnings.
•   normal weather patterns are experienced for the year.
•   weather-normalized retail electric utility sales are projected to increase approximately 1.0 percent.
•   weather-normalized retail firm natural gas sales are projected to decline approximately 2.0 percent.
•   capital rider revenue is projected to increase by $160 million to $170 million over 2014 levels. the projected capital rider revenue reflects the transfer of the cacja project from base rates to the rider per the settlement in the colorado electric rate case. the settlement is pending cpuc approval.
•   the change in o&amp;m expenses is projected to be within a range of 0 percent to 2 percent from 2014 levels.
•   depreciation expense is projected to increase $160 million to $180 million over 2014 levels, reflecting the originally proposed acceleration of the amortization of the excess depreciation reserve as part of nsp-minnesota's moderation plan in the minnesota electric rate case.
•   property taxes are projected to increase approximately $60 million to $70 million over 2014 levels.
•   interest expense (net of afudc - debt) is projected to increase $40 million to $50 million over 2014 levels.
•   afudc - equity is projected to decline approximately $35 million to $45 million from 2014 levels.
•   the etr is projected to be approximately 34 percent to 36 percent.
•   average common stock and equivalents are projected to be approximately 508 million shares.
long-term eps and dividend growth rate objectives xcel energy expects to deliver an attractive total return to our shareholders through a combination of earnings growth and dividend yield, based on the following long-term objectives:
•   deliver long-term annual eps growth of 4 percent to 6 percent, based on weather-normalized, ongoing 2014 eps of $2.00;
•   deliver annual dividend increases of 5 percent to 7 percent;
•   target a dividend payout ratio of 60 percent to 70 percent of annual ongoing eps; and
•   maintain senior unsecured debt credit ratings in the bbb+ to a range.
ongoing earnings is calculated using net income and adjusting for certain nonrecurring or infrequent items that are, in management's view, not reflective of ongoing operations.
