Abbott depends on sophisticated information technology systems and maintains protected personal data, and a cyber attack or other breach affecting these information technology systems or protected data could have a material adverse effect on Abbott's results of operations. The size and complexity of the information technology systems on which Abbott relies for both its infrastructure and products makes them susceptible to a cyber attack, malicious intrusion, breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy, or other significant disruption. Abbott invests in its systems and technology and in the protection of its products and data to reduce the risk of an attack or other significant disruption, and monitors its systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats and for changes in technology and the regulatory environment. There can be no assurance that these measures and efforts will prevent future attacks or other significant disruptions to any of the systems on which Abbott relies or that related product issues will not arise in the future. Abbott's research and development efforts may not succeed in developing commercially successful products and technologies, which may cause Abbott's revenue and profitability to decline. To remain competitive, Abbott must continue to launch new products and technologies, committing substantial efforts, funds, and other resources to research and development. The manufacture of many of Abbott's products is a highly exacting and complex process, and if Abbott or one of its suppliers encounters problems manufacturing products, Abbott's business could suffer. Abbott is subject to numerous governmental regulations, and it can be costly to comply with these regulations and to develop compliant products and processes. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals to market a drug, medical device, or diagnostic product can be costly and time-consuming, and approvals might not be granted for future products, or additional indications or uses of existing products, on a timely basis, if at all. Abbott must incur expense and spend time and effort to ensure compliance with these complex regulations. Changes in the health care regulatory environment may adversely affect Abbott's business. Abbott's industry is subject to various international, supranational, federal, and state laws and regulations pertaining to government benefit program reimbursement, price reporting and regulation, and health care fraud and abuse. Abbott's credit ratings reflect each credit rating agency's opinion of Abbott's financial strength, operating performance, and ability to meet its debt obligations. Adverse changes in Abbott's credit ratings may result in increased borrowing costs for future long-term debt or short-term borrowing facilities and may limit financing options, including access to the unsecured borrowing market. Abbott's business is subject to risks associated with managing a global supply chain and doing business internationally, including differing local product preferences and product requirements, trade protection measures, and political and economic instability. Abbott's research and development programs focus on developing next-generation technologies, including advanced communication capabilities and leadless pacing therapies, as well as enhancements to its mechanical circulatory support systems. Abbott continues to commercialize its next-generation blood screening, immunoassay, clinical chemistry, and hematology systems, along with informatics solutions to help optimize diagnostics laboratory performance and automation solutions to increase efficiency in laboratories. The company's significant areas of therapeutic focus will include established pharmaceuticals, medical devices, nutritionals, core laboratory diagnostics, molecular diagnostics, and rapid diagnostics. Abbott plans to manage its portfolio of projects to achieve research and development spending that will be competitive in each of the businesses in which it participates.