The risk factors described below represent our current view of some of the most important risks facing our businesses and are important to understanding our business. Failure to comply with privacy, data protection and cyber security laws and regulations could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations or financial condition, or have other adverse consequences. The collection, storage, hosting, transfer, processing, disclosure, use, security and retention and destruction of personal information required to provide our services is subject to federal, state and foreign privacy, data protection and cyber security laws. We have implemented policies and procedures to monitor and address compliance with applicable anti-corruption, economic and trade sanctions and anti-money laundering laws and regulations, and we are continuously in the process of reviewing, upgrading and enhancing certain of our policies and procedures. However, there can be no assurance that our employees, consultants or agents will not take actions in violation of our policies for which we may be ultimately responsible, or that our policies and procedures will be adequate or will be determined to be adequate by regulators. We are focused on ensuring that we safeguard and protect personal and business information and client funds, and we devote significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes. We have programs and processes in place to prevent, detect and respond to data or cyber security incidents. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently, are increasingly more complex and sophisticated and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time, we may be unable or fail to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate or timely preventive or responsive measures. Our systems, applications, solutions and services may be subject to disruptions that could have a materially adverse effect on our business and reputation. We rely heavily on our payroll, financial, accounting, and other data processing systems. We need to properly manage our systems, applications and solutions, and any upgrades, enhancements and expansions we may undertake from time to time, in order to ensure they properly support our businesses. If any of these systems, applications or solutions fails to operate properly or becomes disabled even for a brief period of time, whether due to malevolent acts, errors, defects or any other factor(s), we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to clients, loss of clients, regulatory intervention or damage to our reputation. We have disaster recovery, business continuity, and crisis management plans and procedures designed to protect our businesses against a multitude of events, including natural disasters, military or terrorist actions, power or communication failures, or similar events. Despite our preparations, our plans and procedures may not be successful in preventing or mitigating the loss of client data, service interruptions, disruptions to our operations, or damage to our important facilities. A disruption of the data centers or cloud-computing services that we utilize could have a materially adverse effect on our business. We host our applications and serve our clients with data centers that we operate, and with data centers that are operated, and cloud-computing services that are provided, by third-party vendors. If any of these data centers or cloud-computing services fails, becomes disabled or is disrupted, even for a limited period of time, our businesses could be disrupted and we could suffer financial loss, liability to clients, loss of clients, regulatory intervention or damage to our reputation. We believe that we maintain a robust program of information security and controls and none of the data or cyber security incidents that we have encountered to date have materially impacted us, a data or cyber security incident could have a materially adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation. We are committed to building upon our past successes by investing in our business through enhancements in research and development and by driving meaningful transformation in the way we operate.