We operate in a rapidly changing environment that involves significant risks, including existing and increased competition and rapidly evolving technological changes. The software industry is characterized by a transition from developing and selling perpetual licenses and on-premises products to subscriptions and cloud-enabled technologies. Our strategy to develop and introduce new products and services exposes us to risks such as limited customer acceptance and large expenditures. We devote significant resources to the development of new technologies and frequently introduce new business models that require considerable investment of technical and financial resources. Our executive management team must continuously act quickly and with vision, given the rapidly changing customer expectations and technology advancements inherent in the software industry. We are focused on providing solutions to enable our customers to be more agile and collaborative on their projects. Our transition to cloud-based products and a subscription-only business model involves considerable investment in the development of technologies as well as back-office systems for technical, financial, compliance, and sales resources. We are investing in resources to update and improve our information technology systems to digitize Autodesk and support our customers. Should our investments not succeed, or if delays or other issues with new or existing information technology systems disrupt our operations, our business could be harmed. We rely on our network and data center infrastructure, technology systems, and websites for our development, marketing, operational, support, sales, accounting, and financial reporting activities. We continually invest resources to update and improve these systems to meet the evolving requirements of our business and customers. Our cloud offerings provide tools, including mobile and collaboration capabilities, to streamline design, collaboration, building and manufacturing, and data management processes. We believe that customer adoption of these latest offerings will continue to grow as customers across a range of industries begin to take advantage of the scalable computing power and flexibility provided through these services. Our strategy includes improving our product functionality and expanding our product offerings through internal development as well as through the acquisition of products, technology, and businesses. We are dependent on international revenue and operations, exposing us to significant international regulatory, economic, intellectual property, collections, currency exchange rate, taxation, political, and other risks. Our business could be adversely impacted by the costs and challenges associated with strategic acquisitions and investments. We regularly acquire or invest in businesses, software solutions, and technologies that are complementary to our business. The risks associated with such acquisitions include the difficulty of integrating solutions, operations, and personnel; inheriting liabilities; and failure to realize anticipated revenue and cost projections. We rely on third parties to provide us with a number of operational and technical services, and third-party security incidents could expose us to liability, harm our reputation, and adversely impact our financial results. We are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates that could negatively impact our financial results and cash flows. Our primary source of cash is from the sale of our software and related services, and our primary use of cash is payment of our operating costs, which consist primarily of employee-related expenses. We expect to meet our liquidity needs through a combination of current cash balances, ongoing cash flows, and external borrowings.