The company's success depends in part on effective information technology systems and on continuing to develop and implement improvements in technology. The company's business depends in large part on its technology systems for interacting with employers, policyholders, sales associates, and brokers, and the company's business strategy involves providing customers with easy-to-use products to meet their needs and ensuring employees have the technology in place to support those needs. Some of the company's information technology systems and software are older, legacy-type systems that are less efficient and require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain or upgrade to current standards including adequate business continuity procedures. The company is in a continual state of upgrading and enhancing its business systems and has increased the pace of such enhancements in recent years, particularly during the COVID-19 pandemic, given the growing importance of virtual sales to both Aflac Japan and Aflac U.S. These changes tend to be accompanied by large expenditures and challenge the company's complex integrated environment. If the company does not maintain the effectiveness of its systems and continue to develop and enhance information systems that support its business processes in a cost-efficient manner, the company's sales, business retention, operations and reputation could be adversely affected and it could be exposed to litigation, regulatory proceedings and fines or penalties. The company also depends heavily on its telecommunication, information technology and other operational systems and on the integrity and timeliness of data it uses to run its businesses and service its customers. The company's information technology and other systems, as well as those of third party providers and participants in the company's distribution channels, have been and will likely continue to be subject to physical or electronic break-ins, unauthorized tampering, security breaches, social engineering, phishing, web application attacks, computer viruses or other malicious codes, or other cyber-attacks, that may result in the failure to adequately maintain the security, confidentiality, integrity, or privacy of sensitive data, including personal information relating to customers and prospective customers, or in the misappropriation of the company's intellectual property or proprietary information. The company has established a global information security program with the goals of monitoring existing and emerging threats and ensuring that the company's information assets and data, and the data of its customers, are appropriately protected from loss or theft. The company has also accelerated investments in digital initiatives designed to improve long-term productivity, efficiency, and customer service over the long term. The company's operations, as well as those of its vendors, service providers and counterparties, may also be adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic or the mitigation efforts outlined above. The business and operational impacts of extended periods of working from home cannot be predicted with certainty and may have an adverse impact on the company's ability to conduct its business. The company continues to closely monitor developments related to the COVID-19 pandemic to assess its impact on the company's business. The company's technology strategy includes investments in digital and paperless initiatives designed to increase long-term productivity, efficiency, customer service and business continuity. The company has implemented a new virtual sales tool that enables online consultations and policy applications to be completed entirely online. The company is also focused on supporting its agency channel, most of which are small businesses, by offering zero-interest loans and cash stipends in lieu of canceled recognition trips. The company's ability to effectively compete to retain or acquire new business may be impaired, and its business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected if it fails to meet evolving customer demands through innovative product development, effective distribution channels, and continuous investment in technology.