The markets in which we operate are highly competitive, and we must continually allocate resources to refine and improve products and services to remain competitive. Technological advancements and innovation are occurring in distribution, underwriting, claims, and operations at a rapid pace that may continue to accelerate. Innovations must be implemented in compliance with applicable insurance regulations and may require extensive modifications to our systems and processes and extensive coordination with and reliance on the systems of third parties. If we are unable to adapt to or bring such advancements and innovations to market, the quality of our products, our relationships with customers and agents, competitive position, and business prospects may be materially affected. Our ability to adequately and effectively price our products and services is affected by the evolving nature of consumer needs and preferences, market and regulatory dynamics, broader use of telematics-based rate segmentation, and potential reduction in consumer demand. The transformative growth strategy encompasses all aspects of Allstate's customer experience and business model, spanning product distribution and sales, operations and servicing, and claims processing. If the strategy is not implemented effectively, customer retention and policy growth objectives could be adversely impacted. Our enterprise risk and return management framework includes governance, processes, culture, and activities that are performed on an integrated, enterprise-wide basis, following our risk and return principles. We depend heavily on computer systems, mathematical algorithms, and data to perform necessary business functions. There are threats that could impact our ability to protect our data and systems; if the threats are successful, they could impact confidentiality, integrity, and availability. We collect, use, store, or transmit a large amount of confidential, proprietary, and other information in connection with the operation of our business. We constantly defend against threats to our data and systems, including malware and computer virus attacks, unauthorized access, system failures, and disruptions. These risks may increase in the future as threats become more sophisticated and we continue to expand internet and mobile strategies, develop additional remote connectivity solutions to serve our employees and customers, develop and expand products and services designed to protect customers' digital footprint, and build and maintain an integrated digital enterprise. Our increased use of third-party services, such as cloud technology and software as a service, can make it more difficult to identify and respond to cyberattacks. We have business process and information technology operations in Canada, India, and the United Kingdom that are subject to operating, regulatory, and political risks in those countries. Our participation in indemnification programs subjects us to the risk that reimbursement for qualifying claims and claims expenses may not be received. We utilize reinsurance to reduce exposure to catastrophe risk and manage capital, and to support the required statutory surplus and the insurance financial strength ratings of certain subsidiaries. We purchase significant reinsurance to manage our aggregate countrywide exposure to an acceptable level. Our catastrophe reinsurance program is designed to address our exposure to catastrophes nationwide, utilizing our risk management methodology. We anticipate completing the placement of our 2021 nationwide catastrophe reinsurance program in the second quarter of 2021. We expect the program will be similar to our 2020 nationwide catastrophe reinsurance program, but will evaluate opportunities to improve the economic terms and conditions.