The company relies on information technology systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit, and store electronic information, including sensitive data such as confidential business information and personally identifiable data relating to employees, customers, and other business partners. These systems manage or support a variety of critical business processes and activities, including receiving and fulfilling orders, billing, collecting and making payments, shipping products, providing services and support to customers, and fulfilling contractual obligations. The company’s information technology systems have been subject to computer viruses, malicious codes, unauthorized access, and other cyber-attacks, and the sophistication and frequency of such attacks are expected to continue to increase. Any attacks, breaches, or other disruptions could interrupt operations or the operations of customers and partners, delay production and shipments, result in theft of intellectual property and trade secrets, damage customer and business partner relationships, and adversely affect business reputation and financial statements. The company has transitioned a significant subset of its employees to work from home, which may create increased vulnerability to cybersecurity incidents, including breaches of information systems security. The company’s operational excellence initiatives are designed to make the company more efficient, which is necessary in the highly competitive industries in which it operates. The company’s growth strategy includes strategic acquisitions, and its ability to successfully integrate acquired businesses, including integrating the management, technological, and operational processes, procedures, and controls, is critical. The company emphasizes investment in research, development, and engineering, spending $246.2 million in 2020, which is directed toward the development of new products and solutions and the improvement of existing products and solutions. The company’s ability to develop new products on a timely basis is essential for maintaining technological advantages and meeting or exceeding industry standards. The company’s technology is important to its success, and failure to protect this technology could put it at a competitive disadvantage. The company’s operations are subject to numerous governmental regulations, including privacy legislation, which may affect its transactions and require compliance with various laws and regulatory requirements. The company assesses the uncertainty in its tax positions and recognizes interest and penalties accrued related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. The company’s strategic geographic and industry diversification has helped mitigate the potential adverse impact of unfavorable developments in any one industry or the economy of any single country on its consolidated operating results. The company’s financial position remains strong, and it continues to closely monitor fixed costs, capital expenditure plans, inventory, and capital resources to respond to changing conditions and ensure it has the resources to meet future needs. The company’s ability to hire, train, and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees is critical for effectively integrating acquired businesses and managing expanding international operations. The company believes it will emerge from the challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic well-positioned for long-term growth, although it cannot reasonably estimate the duration and severity of the pandemic or its ultimate impact on the global economy and its business.