The covid-19 pandemic has resulted in increased risk of cybersecurity attacks, including social engineering attacks, and increased risk of unauthorized dissemination of sensitive personal information or proprietary information. A breakdown, cyberattack or information security breach could compromise the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information technology systems, network-connected control systems and/or data, interrupt the operation of the business and/or affect reputation. The reliance on sophisticated information technology systems, including software, mobile applications, cloud services and network-connected control systems, has increased substantially due to the majority of employees working remotely. The complexity and interconnected nature of these systems make them potentially vulnerable to breakdown or service interruptions. The cyber-threat landscape is evolving, with attacks growing in frequency, sophistication and intensity, making them increasingly difficult to detect. Such attacks could leave the company unable to utilize key business systems or access important data, adversely affecting the ability to operate the business, including developing, gaining regulatory approval for, manufacturing, selling and/or distributing products. The company has experienced system breakdowns, attacks and information security breaches, but does not believe these incidents have had a material adverse effect on business or results of operations. However, there can be no assurances that efforts will detect, prevent or fully recover systems or data from all breakdowns, service interruptions, attacks, and/or breaches that could adversely affect business and operations. The organization continues to invest in the monitoring, protection and resilience of critical and/or sensitive data and systems. The reliance on third-party suppliers for certain raw materials, medical devices and components necessary for manufacturing commercial and clinical products is significant. Manufacturing difficulties, disruptions or delays could limit supply of products and limit product sales. The company’s ability to adequately and timely manufacture and supply products is dependent on the uninterrupted and efficient operation of facilities and those of third-party contract manufacturers, which may be affected by various factors including compliance with regulatory requirements and cyberattacks on supplier systems. The ongoing global pandemic has exacerbated geopolitical tensions, and some countries may be especially vulnerable to such dynamics. The rapid development and fluidity of the pandemic preclude any prediction as to the ultimate effect of covid-19 on the organization. The company’s operations and performance have been affected by global economic conditions, and the economic downturn resulting from the pandemic has precipitated a global recession which may be of an extended duration. Financial pressures may cause government or other third-party payers to more aggressively seek cost containment measures. The company’s sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from government and commercial third-party payers, and pricing and reimbursement pressures have affected, and are likely to continue to affect, profitability. The organization must develop new products to achieve revenue growth and to offset revenue losses when products lose their exclusivity or when competing products are launched. The company is committed to unlocking the potential of biology for patients suffering from serious illnesses and has a long-standing ambition to be environmentally responsible, regularly setting targets to challenge itself to deliver further improvements.