Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including technological changes and events that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has created significant and pervasive societal, economic, and market disruption globally, impacting our ability to effectively manage risks due to the inherent limitations of obtaining timely, reliable analysis in an ever-changing situation. Market fluctuations and general economic and political factors, including volatility in the U.S. and global market conditions, client behavior, and volatility in the markets for our products, can significantly impact our operating and performance results. Our businesses operate in intensely competitive industries, and our ability to maintain or increase our market share and profitability may be negatively impacted by the economics of changes in our product revenue mix and distribution channels. The performance of our asset management products and services is dependent upon the strategies and decisions of our portfolio managers and analysts, and any drop in investment performance compared to our competitors could negatively impact our revenues and profitability. 

We rely on our network of advisors to drive growth and results in our wealth management business, and the retention of our products and services by our clients is crucial. Our operational systems and networks are subject to evolving cybersecurity or other technological risks, which could result in the disclosure of confidential information and damage to our reputation. We have established policies and implemented technical and operational measures to protect sensitive client, employee, contractor, and vendor information, and to respond to cybersecurity incidents. However, the increasing reliance on technology systems and networks enhances government and regulatory scrutiny of the measures taken by companies to protect against cybersecurity threats. 

We utilize derivative instruments to manage our exposure to various market risks, and the fair value of our derivative instruments is determined using market quotes or valuation models based on the net present value of estimated future cash flows. The establishment of reserves for future policy benefits and claims is an estimation process using various methods, assumptions, and data elements, which are inherently uncertain. Our ability to achieve our strategic objectives may be impacted by changes in consumer economic variables, market conditions, regulatory actions, and the competitive industry environment. 

The success of our strategies may be affected by the factors discussed in our risk factors section, including the impacts on our business of the COVID-19 pandemic and the related economic, client, governmental, and healthcare system responses. Our financial performance requires us to develop, effectively manage, and market new products and services that appropriately anticipate or respond to changes in the industry and evolving client demands. The introduction of new products and services requires continued innovative effort and may require significant time, resources, and ongoing support. 

We believe our risk management strategy is designed to provide proactive protection during stress events, and our liquidity and capital resources have remained a source of balance sheet strength. We continue to monitor and respond to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, which presents ongoing significant economic and societal disruption and market volatility, impacting our business and operating environment.