Our information technology capabilities are delivered through a combination of internal and external services and service providers. We depend on information technology to enable us to operate efficiently and interface with customers as well as to maintain our internal controls environment and financial reporting accuracy and efficiency. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of customers, business disruptions, or the loss of or damage to our confidential business information due to a security breach. Our information technology systems may be damaged, disrupted, or shut down due to attacks by computer hackers, computer viruses, employee error or malfeasance, power outages, hardware failures, telecommunication or utility failures, catastrophes, or other unforeseen events, and in any such circumstances, our system redundancy and other disaster recovery planning may be ineffective or inadequate. Security breaches of our systems could result in the misappropriation, destruction, or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information or personal data belonging to us or to our employees, partners, customers, or suppliers, and may subject us to legal liability. Our information technology systems have in the past been, and in the future likely will be, subject to computer viruses, malicious codes, unauthorized access, and other cyber-attacks, and we expect the sophistication and frequency of such attacks to continue to increase. Unauthorized access could disrupt our business operations, result in the loss of assets, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Each of these consequences could adversely affect our business, reputation, and our financial statements. The protection of information about our employees, vendors, and customers is critical to us. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with the frequent imposition of new and constantly changing requirements. We have established policies and procedures to help protect the security and privacy of this information. Breaches of our security measures or the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure, or unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive or confidential data about us or our customers could expose us to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, which could ultimately result in litigation and potential legal and financial liability. We continually assess the strategic fit of our existing businesses and may divest businesses that are deemed not to fit with our strategic plan or are not achieving the desired return on investment. Our growth strategies depend in part on our ability to further penetrate markets outside the United States and involve significantly larger and more complex projects, including gasification projects, some in regions where there is the potential for significant economic and political disruptions. We are actively investing large amounts of capital and other resources in developing markets, which we believe to have high growth potential. Our operations in these markets may be subject to greater risks than those faced by our operations in mature economies, including political and economic instability, project delay or abandonment due to unanticipated government actions, inadequate investment in infrastructure, undeveloped property rights and legal systems, and increased difficulty recruiting, training, and retaining qualified employees. The operation of our facilities, pipelines, and delivery systems inherently entails hazards that require continuous oversight and control, such as pipeline leaks and ruptures, fire, explosions, toxic releases, mechanical failures, or vehicle accidents. If operational risks materialize, they could result in loss of life, damage to the environment, or loss of production, all of which could negatively impact our ongoing operations, reputation, financial results, and cash flows.