The company is dependent on the communications industry, including information technology and data communications, wireless communications, and broadband communications. Approximately 46% of the company's 2020 net sales came from sales to the communications industry. Demand for these products is subject to rapid technological change, and the company competes primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality and performance, price, customer service, and delivery time. The company has focused its global resources to position itself to compete effectively in this environment, believing that its global presence is an important competitive advantage. The company’s strategy includes providing customers with comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products, and a high level of service while maintaining continuing programs of productivity improvement and cost control. The company focuses its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its customers to develop highly-engineered products that meet customer needs and have the potential for broad market applications and significant sales within a one- to three-year period. The company has transitioned a significant subset of its employee population to a remote work environment in an effort to mitigate the spread of COVID-19, which may exacerbate certain risks to the business, including an increased demand for information technology resources, an increased risk of phishing and other cybersecurity attacks, and an increased risk of unauthorized dissemination of sensitive personal information or proprietary or confidential information. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused widespread disruptions to the company, particularly during the first half of the year, impacting manufacturing facilities and supply chains. The extent to which the pandemic will continue to impact the business and financial results will depend on various factors, including the timing, availability, and effectiveness of vaccines and the overall impact on the global economy. The company’s operations and performance depend significantly on global, regional, and U.S. economic and geopolitical conditions. The company's ability to generate cash from operating activities is one of its fundamental financial strengths, and it uses operating cash flow to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions, repurchase shares of its common stock, pay dividends, and reduce indebtedness. The company has experienced difficulties and unanticipated expenses in connection with purchasing and integrating newly acquired businesses. The company anticipates that it will continue to pursue acquisition opportunities as part of its growth strategy. The company's products are used in a wide variety of applications by numerous customers around the world, and it believes that its ability to continue to conceive, design, manufacture, and market new products is essential for continued revenue growth. The company has also established policies and procedures designed to assist in complying with applicable U.S. and international laws and regulations, which are critical for maintaining its business reputation and financial results. Cybersecurity incidents on the company’s information technology systems could disrupt business operations or cause the release of highly sensitive confidential information, resulting in adverse impacts to its reputation and operating results. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, which may have an adverse effect on the company's financial results.