Our business depends on various IT systems and outsourced IT services. We rely on third-party vendors to provide critical corporate infrastructure services and to adequately address cyber security threats to their own systems. Any failure of these internal or third-party systems and services to operate effectively could disrupt our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The complexity of our products could result in unforeseen delays or expenses or undetected defects or bugs, which could adversely affect the market acceptance of new products, damage our reputation with current or prospective customers, and materially and adversely affect our operating costs. We collect, use, store, or otherwise process personal information, which subjects us to privacy and data security laws and contractual commitments, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such laws and commitments could harm our business. Our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel, especially our engineering and technical personnel, is critical to executing our business strategy effectively. The shift to cloud-based IT solutions and services, such as hyperscale computing, may adversely affect the timing and volume of sales of our products for use in traditional enterprise data centers. Our IT capability is a key component in transforming our firm into a competitive force, as it represents the application of physical or intangible IT resources to further organizational goals. Our IT capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. We must maintain appropriate capacity and product yields at our own manufacturing facilities to meet anticipated customer demand, which often requires us to invest in expansion or improvements of those facilities. Our gross margin is dependent on a number of factors, including our product mix, price erosion, acquisitions we may make, and the level of capacity utilization. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy and disrupted normal business activity, which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. We have been experiencing some disruption to parts of our global semiconductor supply chain, with suppliers increasing lead times or placing products on allocation, including procuring necessary components and inputs, such as wafers and substrates, in a timely fashion. Our business is subject to various governmental regulations and trade restrictions. Compliance with these regulations may cause us to incur significant expense and, if we fail to maintain compliance, we may be forced to cease manufacture and distribution of certain products or subjected to civil or criminal penalties. Our operating results are subject to substantial quarterly and annual fluctuations, and these fluctuations may occur due to customer concentration and the gain or loss of significant customers. Winning business in the semiconductor solutions industry is subject to a lengthy process that often requires us to incur significant expense, from which we may ultimately generate no revenue. We may pursue acquisitions, investments, joint ventures, and dispositions, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Our ability to maintain or improve gross margin is influenced by the complexity of our products, which could result in unforeseen delays or expenses. The industries in which we operate are characterized by companies holding large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets, and by the vigorous pursuit, protection, and enforcement of IP rights.