We are devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based productivity and real-time operations SaaS solutions, which we intend to broadly deploy to a large number of customers. Customer requirements for these products are complex and varied. If we are unable to develop scalable solutions that can consistently be configured for customers with minimal effort, or if we are unable to build out a professional services team that can consistently configure our products to meet the requirements of large numbers of customers in a timely and cost-effective manner, our ability to broadly scale our cloud-based productivity and real-time operations SaaS solutions could be negatively impacted, and our deployment costs could negatively impact our operating results. Our future success will depend on our ability to develop new products or new product features that achieve market acceptance in a timely and cost-effective manner. The development of new products and new product features is complex, time-consuming, and expensive, and we may experience delays in completing the development and introduction of new products. We face risks associated with rapid technological change and new competing products. The technology associated with law enforcement devices and software is receiving significant attention and is rapidly evolving. While we have some patent protection in certain key areas of our CED, Axon device, and SaaS technology, it is possible that new technology may result in competing products that operate outside our patents and could present significant competition for our products, which could adversely affect our business, financial results, and competitive position. We are continuously monitoring our operations and intend to take appropriate actions to mitigate the risks arising from the COVID-19 pandemic, but there can be no assurances that we will be successful in doing so. Our reliance on third-party suppliers creates risks related to our potential inability to obtain an adequate supply of components or sub-assemblies and reduced control over pricing and timing of delivery of components and sub-assemblies. Our distribution strategy is to pursue sales through multiple channels with an emphasis on direct sales and independent distributors. Our inability to establish relationships with and retain law enforcement equipment distributors, who we believe can successfully sell our products, would adversely affect our sales. If we do not competitively price our products, meet the requirements of our distributors or end-users, provide adequate marketing support, or comply with the terms of our distribution arrangements, our distributors may fail to aggressively market our products or may terminate their relationships with us. Our reliance on the sales of our products by others also makes it more difficult to predict our revenues, cash flow, and operating results. We are subject to various laws and regulations in the United States and abroad that involve matters central to our business, including privacy, data protection, and personal information, rights of publicity, content, intellectual property, advertising, marketing, distribution, data security, data retention and deletion, electronic contracts and other communications, competition, consumer protection, telecommunications, product liability, taxation, labor and employment, economic or other trade prohibitions or sanctions, securities law compliance, and online payment services. The introduction of new products, expansion of our activities in certain jurisdictions, or other actions that we may take may subject us to additional laws, regulations, or other government scrutiny. Our business in the United Kingdom may be negatively impacted by the exit of the United Kingdom from the EU (commonly referred to as "Brexit"). The exit itself could negatively impact the United Kingdom and other economies, which could adversely affect sales of our products and services. We may also experience increased volatility in the value of the pound sterling, the euro, and other European currencies. Our future success depends upon our proprietary technology. Our protective measures for this proprietary technology include patents, trademarks, copyrights, and trade secret protection. However, these protective measures, as well as our efforts to pursue such protective measures, may prove inadequate.