The uninterrupted operation of our information systems is critical to our success and a significant disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our information technology systems, including our transaction authorization, clearing and settlement systems, and data centers, may experience service disruptions or degradation because of technology malfunction, sudden increases in customer transaction volume, natural disasters, accidents, power outages, internet outages, telecommunications failures, fraud, denial-of-service and other cyberattacks, terrorism, computer viruses, vulnerabilities in hardware or software, physical or electronic break-ins, or similar events. We rely on third-party providers for acquiring and servicing customers, technology, platforms and other services integral to the operations of our businesses. These third parties may act in ways that could materially harm our business. As outsourcing, specialization of functions, third-party digital services and technology innovation within the payments industry increase, more third parties are involved in processing card transactions and handling our data. We have developed and maintain systems and processes aimed at detecting and preventing information and cyber security incidents and fraudulent activity, which require significant investment, maintenance and ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies and regulatory requirements change. We define information technology risk as the risk that events or circumstances could compromise the processing, stability, capacity, performance, or resilience of information technology and cause financial, reputational, and/or regulatory impacts. We manage information technology risk through our policies, procedures, governance structure, and control framework to preserve the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of systems and processes across the company. Our technology capabilities are critical to our ability to innovate and strengthen our global network, which will depend in part on our ability to update our systems and platforms, the amount we invest in the network and our ability to make funds available for such investments, and technological developments, including capabilities that allow greater digital integration. We consider operational risk to be the risk of loss due to, among other things, inadequate or failed processes, people or information systems, or impacts from the external environment, including failures to comply with laws and regulations as well as impacts from relationships with third parties. Our operational risk management process includes a comprehensive operational risk framework that is defined in the operational risk management policy approved by the risk committee. The operational risk management committee coordinates with all control groups on effective risk assessments and controls and oversees the preventive, responsive and mitigation efforts by operational excellence teams in the business units and staff groups. Our enterprise data governance policy establishes the framework and requirements for defining in-scope critical data and outlining the elements for managing data as a critical corporate asset. This policy is approved by the enterprise risk management committee. We utilize artificial intelligence and machine learning approaches for a variety of business use cases. We perform extensive reviews and testing to reduce the risk that these AI/ML techniques do not perform as intended. Our ability to develop, acquire or access competitive technologies or business processes on acceptable terms may also be limited by intellectual property rights that third parties, including those that current and potential competitors, may assert. The management and oversight of multiple vendors increases our operational complexity and governance challenges and decreases our control. A failure to exercise adequate oversight over service providers, including compliance with service level agreements or regulatory or legal requirements, could result in regulatory actions, fines, litigation, sanctions or economic and reputational harm to us.