We rely heavily on our information technology systems for our key business processes. Any failure or interruption in these systems could have a material adverse impact on our business. Our systems and the third-party systems we rely on are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, facility damage, physical theft, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, malicious cyber-attacks, catastrophic events, and design or usage errors by our autozoners, contractors or third-party service providers. We are in the process of developing and implementing various information systems, as well as modifying existing systems. These technological changes will require significant investment of human and financial resources, and we may experience significant delays, cost increases, and other obstacles with these projects. We have made, and plan to continue to make, significant investments in our supply chain to improve our ability to provide the best parts at the right price and to meet consumer product needs. Our continued growth and success will depend in part on our ability to open and operate new locations and expand and remodel existing locations to meet customers' needs on a timely and profitable basis. We believe that we compete effectively on the basis of merchandise availability as a result of investments in inventory available for immediate sale, the development of a robust hub and mega hub distribution network providing efficient access to obtain products required on-demand, options to order products online or by telephone and pick them up in stores, and options for special orders directly from our vendors. We also utilize promotions, advertising, and our loyalty programs to drive customer traffic and compete more effectively, and we must regularly assess and adjust our efforts to address changes in the competitive marketplace. We believe that customers value the personal interaction with a salesperson that is qualified to offer trustworthy advice and provide other free services such as parts testing. The increasing use of technology also poses a risk as customers are able to quickly compare products and prices and use social media to provide feedback in a manner that is rapidly and broadly dispersed. We consider information security to be a top priority and undertake cyber-security planning and activities throughout the company. Senior management and the board of directors are actively engaged in cyber-security risk management. While we and our third-party service providers and vendors take significant steps to protect customer, supplier, employee, and other confidential information, including maintaining compliance with payment card industry standards and a security program that includes updating technology and security policies, employee training, and monitoring and routine testing of our systems, these security measures may be breached in the future due to cyber-attack, employee error, system compromises, fraud, trickery, hacking, or other intentional or unintentional acts, and unauthorized parties may obtain access to this data. We believe that our preventative actions provide adequate measures of protection against security breaches and generally reduce our cyber-security risks. However, our business or our third-party providers, with which we share sensitive information, may not discover a security breach or loss of information for a significant period after the security breach occurs. We have invested in information-technology risk management and disaster recovery plans. Although these plans are in place, we must provide ongoing monitoring and consistently revise our plans as technologies change rapidly and our efforts to overcome security risks continue to become increasingly more complex and concentrated. We rely extensively on our information technology systems to manage inventory, communicate with customers, process transactions, and summarize results. If our systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to manage inventories or process transactions, which could result in lost sales, inability to process purchase orders, and/or a potential loss of customer loyalty, which could adversely affect our results of operations.