The covid-19 pandemic has caused an unprecedented shock to demand for air travel, creating a tremendous challenge for our customers, our business, and the entire commercial aerospace manufacturing and services sector. Airlines are using data analytics to plan flight operations and predictive maintenance to improve their productivity and efficiency. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital. We focus on producing the products and providing the services that the market demands, and continue to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality to provide a fair return for our shareholders. The commercial airplane market and the airline industry both remain extremely competitive, and we are focused on improving our products and services and continuing our business transformation efforts, which enhances our ability to compete and positions us for market recovery. Our information technology teams are evaluating opportunities to form or expand strategic partnerships with vendors that allow us to simplify and optimize our operations, and reduce overall costs. The magnitude and duration of the global covid-19 pandemic is uncertain and continues to adversely affect our business and operating and financial results. The ongoing impacts of covid-19 on market demand have created significant uncertainty around the timing of deliveries of 737 max aircraft in inventory. We are working with our customers to minimize the impact to their operations from grounded and undelivered aircraft. Our ability to deliver products and services that satisfy customer requirements is heavily dependent on the performance and financial stability of our subcontractors and suppliers, as well as on the availability of raw materials and other components. The commercial aircraft business is extremely complex, involving extensive coordination and integration with U.S. and non-U.S. suppliers, highly-skilled labor from thousands of employees and other partners, and stringent regulatory requirements. We expect the impacts of the covid-19 pandemic to continue to significantly impact revenues in future quarters until the commercial airline industry recovers. Our commercial airplanes production system is extremely complex. Operational issues, including delays or defects in supplier components, failure to meet internal performance plans, or delays or failures to achieve required regulatory approval, could result in significant out-of-sequence work and increased production costs, as well as delayed deliveries to customers, impacts to aircraft performance and/or increased warranty or fleet support costs. We continue to monitor federal, state, and municipal health authorities for new or modified guidance and requirements concerning the covid-19 pandemic. We have made significant estimates with respect to the 737 program regarding the number of units to be produced, the period during which those units are likely to be produced, and the units' expected sales prices, production costs, program tooling and other non-recurring costs, and routine warranty costs. The introduction of new aircraft programs and/or derivatives involves increased risks associated with meeting development, testing, production, and certification schedules. We believe the cost and revenue estimates incorporated in the consolidated financial statements are appropriate, but the technical complexity of our airplane programs creates financial risk as additional completion costs may become necessary or scheduled delivery dates could be extended. The company has deferred income tax assets that can be used in future years to offset taxable income and reduce income taxes payable. The company has also recorded a liability of $565 million related to environmental remediation activities. The impacts of the covid-19 pandemic and 737 max grounding are having a significant negative impact on our liquidity and ongoing operations and creating significant uncertainty.