We rely on information systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations, including sensitive personal or proprietary information. Our information systems have been subjected to attack via malicious code execution, and cyber- or phishing-attacks, and we have experienced instances of unauthorized access to our systems in the past and expect to be subject to similar cyberattacks in the future. Cyberattacks could result in our intellectual property and other confidential information being accessed, destroyed, or stolen, which could adversely affect our competitive position in the market. Our ability to compete is also impacted by changing customer preferences and requirements, such as increased demand for more environmentally-friendly products and for products incorporating digital capabilities, as well as changes in the ways healthcare services are delivered. We have deployed our capabilities, expertise, and scale to address critical health needs related to COVID-19, including the development of a COVID-19 antigen detection test and leveraging our position as a manufacturer of needles and syringes to enter into partnerships with governments for vaccination campaigns. The medical technology industry is subject to rapid technological change and discovery, and frequent product introductions, which necessitate our ongoing investment in research and development that will result in category innovation and a robust product pipeline. Our future growth is dependent in part upon the development of new products, and there can be no assurance that such products will be developed. We focus on improving our ability to serve customers and enhance customer experiences through the digitalization of internal processes and go-to-market approaches. The success of our operations outside the United States also depends, in part, on our ability to make necessary infrastructure enhancements to our production facilities and sales and distribution networks. We are undertaking certain remediation of our BD Alaris system, and we are currently shipping the product in the U.S. only in cases of medical necessity. We will not be able to fully resume commercial operations for the BD Alaris system in the U.S. until a 510(k) submission relating to the product has been filed with and subsequently cleared by the FDA. Our operations are also dependent on patents and other intellectual property assets, which are of material importance to our business. Our ability to attract and retain key employees, particularly those with specialized skills, is critical to our competitive position. We have implemented policies and procedures to enhance compliance with laws, including those related to healthcare, environmental protection, and privacy. The enactment of additional laws in the future may increase our compliance costs or otherwise adversely impact our operations. We are subject to extensive regulation, and our failure to comply with applicable requirements could delay or prevent the production, marketing, or sale of our products. Our financial position remains strong, with cash flows from operating activities totaling $3.539 billion in 2020, and we continue to invest in research and development, geographic expansion, and new product market programs to drive further revenue and profit growth. The medical technology industry has experienced significant consolidation, resulting in companies with greater scale and market presence than ours, which has intensified competition among medical device suppliers.