We rely extensively on information technology systems, networks, and services, including internet sites, data hosting and processing facilities, and tools, to assist in conducting our business. A significant breakdown, invasion, corruption, destruction, or interruption of critical information technology systems or infrastructure could negatively impact operations. The ever-increasing use and evolution of technology, including cloud-based computing, creates opportunities for the unintentional dissemination or intentional destruction of confidential information stored in our, or our third-party providers', systems. We have invested in industry-appropriate protections and monitoring practices of our data and IT to reduce these risks and continue to monitor our systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. Our strategy is focused on delivering innovative, transformational medicines to patients in a focused set of disease areas, and we are developing new medicines in core therapeutic areas, including oncology, hematology, immunology, cardiovascular disease, and fibrosis. We continue to advance our pipeline of potentially transformational medicines through significant investments in our research and development capabilities, which include leveraging technology resources and capabilities. Our commercial model has been successful, with revenues from our prioritized brands continuing to grow, demonstrating strong execution of our strategy. The integration of Celgene and Myokardia is expected to further position us as a leading biopharmaceutical company, expanding our portfolios with several near-term assets and additional external partnerships. We are in the process of integrating a large number of manufacturing, operational, and administrative systems to achieve consistency throughout the combined company, including with respect to human capital management, finance and accounting systems, sales operations, and product distribution. This integration is a complex, costly, and time-consuming process. We are also facing challenges in the integration of our operations, which could adversely affect our business, including causing a failure to meet demand for our products or adversely affecting our ability to meet our financial reporting obligations. The COVID-19 pandemic has increased the volatility of the financial markets and has had a material adverse effect on our business operations. We continue to monitor the impact on our business resulting from wider restrictions in select states and non-U.S. countries. The pandemic has also resulted in increased cyber threats to us and our partners, such as phishing, social engineering, and malware attacks. We are dependent on information technology and our systems and infrastructure face certain risks, including from cybersecurity breaches and data leakage. Although the aggregate impact on our operations and financial condition has not been material to date, we have been the target of events of this nature and expect them to continue as cybersecurity threats have been rapidly evolving in sophistication and becoming more prevalent in the industry. We have established a company-wide policy concerning our sales to direct customers for the purpose of complying with regulatory requirements, which includes the adoption of various procedures to monitor and limit sales to direct customers. Our ability to source raw materials and supplies used to manufacture our CAR T cell therapies and to develop consistent and reliable manufacturing processes and distribution networks could impact future anticipated revenue and gross profit for our CAR T cell therapies.