We rely on technology in virtually all aspects of our business. Certain of our information systems have been subject to computer viruses, malicious codes, unauthorized access, phishing efforts, denial-of-service attacks, and other cyber-attacks. A significant disruption or failure of our technology systems could result in service interruptions, safety failures, security events, regulatory compliance failures, and an inability to protect information and assets against unauthorized users. If we are unable to acquire, develop, implement, adopt, or protect rights around new technology, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage. Cyber-attacks could adversely affect our ability to operate facilities, information technology, and business systems or compromise confidential customer and employee information. Our operating businesses face intense competition within markets in which they operate. Many factors, including technological changes, may erode or prevent the strengthening of competitive advantages. Our future operating results will depend to some degree on our operating units successfully protecting and enhancing their competitive advantages. We need qualified and competent management to direct day-to-day business activities of our operating subsidiaries and to manage changes in future business operations due to changing business or regulatory environments. Our inability to recruit and retain qualified and competent managers and personnel could negatively affect the operating results, financial condition, and liquidity of our subsidiaries and Berkshire as a whole. We have taken steps intended to mitigate risks, including business continuity planning, disaster recovery planning, and business impact analysis. However, a significant disruption or cyber intrusion could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. The outbreak of COVID-19 has adversely affected our operations, including our equity securities portfolio, due to closures or restrictions requested or mandated by governmental authorities, disruption to supply chains and workforce, and volatility in global equity securities markets. Our insurance businesses generated underwriting earnings from primary insurance and underwriting losses from reinsurance. Underwriting decisions are the responsibility of the unit managers, while investing decisions are the responsibility of Berkshire's chairman and CEO and corporate investment managers. We evaluate performance of underwriting operations without any allocation of investment income or investment gains/losses. We consider investment income as an integral component of our aggregate insurance operating results. We believe that investment gains and losses, whether realized or unrealized, are not meaningful in understanding the operating results of our insurance businesses. Our consolidated balance sheet continues to reflect very significant liquidity and a very strong capital base. Our insurance and other businesses held cash, cash equivalents, and U.S. Treasury bills of $135.0 billion. We maintain significant levels of shareholder capital and ample liquidity to provide a margin of safety against short-term price volatility. Our businesses implemented various business continuity plans to protect our employees and customers, including work-from-home, staggered or reduced work schedules, and providing general health reminders intended to lower the risk of spreading COVID-19. We cannot reliably predict future economic effects of the pandemic or when business activities at all of our numerous and diverse operations will normalize.