The global outbreak of the novel coronavirus, or COVID-19, has caused severe disruptions in the U.S. and global economies and has adversely impacted, and may continue to adversely impact, our performance and results of operations. The pandemic has exacerbated many of the other risks discussed in this "risk factors" section. Although an economic recovery is partially underway, it continues to be uneven and characterized by meaningful dispersion across sectors and regions, with uncertainty regarding its ultimate length and trajectory. The proliferation of remote working may result in long-term changed market, consumer, and workplace practices that could negatively impact us and our business. Increased adoption of and familiarity with remote work practices could result in continued decreased demand for business and leisure travel, hotel stays, and conference facilities. Our technology infrastructure has supported remote work, but such working environments may be less secure and more susceptible to hacking attacks, including phishing and social engineering attempts. Third-party service providers on whom we have become increasingly reliant for certain aspects of our business, including for certain information systems and technology, could be impacted by an inability to perform due to COVID-19 restrictions or by failures of, or attacks on, their information systems and technology. The majority of our employees globally have been working remotely during the COVID-19 pandemic, which has introduced operational risks, including heightened cybersecurity risk. Our operations are highly dependent on our information systems and technology, and we rely heavily on our financial, accounting, communications, and other data processing systems. Our systems may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of tampering or a breach of our network security systems or otherwise. Cyberattacks and other security threats could originate from a wide variety of external sources, including cyber criminals, nation-state hackers, hacktivists, and other outside parties. There has been an increase in the frequency and sophistication of the cyber and security threats we face, with attacks ranging from those common to businesses generally to those that are more advanced and persistent. If our systems are compromised, do not operate properly or are disabled, or we fail to provide the appropriate regulatory or other notifications in a timely manner, we could suffer financial loss, disruption of our businesses, liability to our investment funds and fund investors, regulatory intervention, or reputational damage. Our portfolio companies also rely on data processing systems and the secure processing, storage, and transmission of information, including payment and health information. A disruption or compromise of these systems could have a material adverse effect on the value of these businesses. The success of our business depends on our ability to leverage technology effectively to support our operations and enhance our competitive positioning. The asset management business is intensely competitive, with competition based on a variety of factors, including investment performance, the quality of service provided to clients, investor liquidity and willingness to invest, fund terms, brand recognition, and business reputation. Developments in financial technology, or fintech, such as distributed ledger technology, have the potential to disrupt the financial industry and change the way financial institutions, as well as asset managers, do business. Our technology infrastructure must adapt to these changes to maintain operational efficiency and support our strategic objectives. The ability to manage and integrate technology resources effectively is critical to our success and the performance of our investment strategies.