The success of our business depends on our ability to develop, produce, and market quality products that meet our customers' needs, which is reliant on leading-edge innovation and the effectiveness of legal protection for our innovations. We operate in a highly competitive environment, competing on the basis of product performance, customer service, quality, and price. Increased information technology security threats and more sophisticated computer crime pose a risk to our systems, networks, products, and services. We rely upon information technology systems and networks, some of which are managed by third parties, in connection with a variety of business activities. Operating these information technology systems and networks and processing and maintaining data in a secure manner is critical to our business operations and strategy. Cybersecurity attacks may range from random attempts to coordinated and targeted attacks, including sophisticated computer crime and advanced persistent threats. These threats pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data. We have experienced cybersecurity threats and vulnerabilities in our systems and those of our third-party providers, and we have experienced viruses and attacks targeting our information technology systems and networks. The potential consequences of a future material cybersecurity attack include reputational damage, litigation with third parties, government enforcement actions, penalties, disruption to systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information, corruption of data, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs, which in turn could adversely affect our competitiveness, results of operations, and financial condition. We also face risks arising from the imposition of exchange controls and currency devaluations, which could limit our ability to convert foreign currencies into U.S. dollars or to remit dividends and other payments by our foreign subsidiaries or businesses. Our global operations are subject to a wide range of trade and anti-corruption laws and regulations, and any alleged or actual violations may subject us to increased government scrutiny, investigation, and civil and criminal penalties. We are subject to stringent environmental laws and regulations that impose significant compliance costs. Our facilities, operations, and products are subject to increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations globally, including laws and regulations governing emissions to noise, air, releases to soil, and discharges to water. The potential liabilities, sanctions, damages, and remediation efforts related to any non-compliance with such laws and regulations could negatively impact our ability to conduct our operations and our financial condition and results of operations. Our business relies on continued global demand for our brands and products, and to achieve business goals, we must develop and sell products that appeal to our dealers, OEMs, and end-user customers. The demand for our products generally depends on customers' ability to pay for our products, which, in turn, depends on their access to funds. Changes in global economic conditions may result in customers experiencing increased difficulty in generating funds from operations. Our financial products segment provides financing alternatives to customers and dealers around the world for Caterpillar products, as well as financing for vehicles, power generation facilities, and marine vessels that incorporate Caterpillar products. The various forms of financing, insurance, and risk management products offered to customers and dealers help support the purchase and lease of Caterpillar equipment.