Our products and services are designed to give our customers a competitive edge in their development of integrated circuits (ICs), system-on-chips (SoCs), and increasingly sophisticated electronic devices and systems. Our strategy, which we call intelligent system design, is to provide the technology necessary for our customers to develop electronic products across a variety of vertical markets including consumer, hyperscale computing, 5G communications, automotive, aerospace and defense, industrial, and healthcare. We enable our customers to develop complex and innovative electronic products, so demand for our technology is driven by our customers' investment in new designs and products. Our offerings include software, hardware, services, and reusable IC design blocks, commonly referred to as intellectual property (IP). We have made significant investments to expand our IP offerings through research and development and acquisitions, which enhance our technology portfolio to address growing design activity. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has caused some volatility in our usual delivery timing for our hardware and IP products to certain customers, impacting our operations and those of our key customers and suppliers. The pandemic raises the possibility of an extended global economic downturn and has caused volatility in financial markets, which could affect demand for our products and services. Our business depends upon the continued services, efforts, and abilities of our senior management and other key employees, and competition for highly skilled personnel can be intense, particularly in high technology centers. We have experienced varied operating results, and our operating results for any particular fiscal period are affected by the timing of revenue recognition, particularly for our emulation and prototyping hardware and IP products. Our ability to develop or acquire technological capabilities could make our products uncompetitive and obsolete and impede our ability to address the requirements in technology segments that are expected to contribute to our growth. Our strategy involves addressing the needs of new categories of electronic systems, including hyperscale computing and infrastructure, edge computing, machine learning, and autonomous vehicle subsystems, where increased investment is expected by our customers. We must provide frequent and relevant updates to our software products to provide substantial benefit to the customer throughout the license periods because of the rapid changes in our customers' industries. Our future business and financial results, including demand for our products and services, are subject to considerable uncertainty that could impact our stock price. We have invested and expect to continue to invest in research and development efforts for new and existing products and technologies in response to our customers' increasing technological requirements. Our operating results and revenue could be adversely affected by customer payment delays, customer bankruptcies, and defaults or modifications of licenses. The highly competitive markets in which we do business can put pressure on us to reduce the prices of our software, emulation and prototyping hardware, and IP. Our competitors may offer significant discounts on certain products, which may require us to lower our prices or offer other favorable terms to compete successfully. We rely on our proprietary technology, as well as software and other intellectual property rights licensed to us by third parties, and we cannot assure that the precautions taken to protect our rights will be adequate or that we will continue to be able to adequately secure such intellectual property rights from third parties. Our operations are dependent upon the connectivity of our operations throughout the world, and activities that interfere with our international connectivity or operations could significantly interfere with our business operations.