We operate in a very competitive business environment, which affects our ability to attract and retain customers and can adversely affect our business, operations, and financial results. Our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to new technologies and changes in customer expectations and behavior could significantly adversely affect our competitive position. Our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt, upgrade, and exploit new and existing technologies to address consumers' changing demands and distinguish our services from those of our competitors. The ability of some of our competitors to introduce new technologies, products, and services more quickly than we do may adversely affect our competitive position. Furthermore, advances in technology, decreases in the cost of existing technologies, or changes in competitors' product and service offerings may require us in the future to make additional research and development expenditures or to offer certain products and services at no additional charge or at a lower price. Our inability to maintain and expand our upgraded systems and provide advanced services in a timely manner, or to anticipate the demands of the marketplace, could materially adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers. We depend on third-party service providers, suppliers, and licensors; thus, if we are unable to procure the necessary services, equipment, software, or licenses on reasonable terms and on a timely basis, our ability to offer services could be impaired. Our business may be adversely affected if we cannot continue to license or enforce the intellectual property rights on which our business depends. Network and information systems technologies are critical to our operating activities, both for our internal uses and for supplying services to our customers. Various events could disrupt or result in unauthorized access to our networks, information systems, or properties and could impair our operating activities and negatively impact our reputation and financial results. We process, store, and transmit large amounts of data, including the personal information of our customers. Ongoing increases in the potential for misuse of personal information, the public's awareness of the importance of safeguarding personal information, and the volume of legislation regarding the protection, privacy, and security of personal information have resulted in increases to our information-related risks. Our exposure to the economic conditions of our current and potential customers, vendors, and third parties could adversely affect our cash flow, results of operations, and financial condition. We expect to continue to drive customer relationship growth through sales of bundled services and improving customer retention despite the expectation for continued losses of video and wireline voice customers. Our ability to successfully operate our business and deliver services during the COVID-19 pandemic is a result of investments we have made in our network, our employees, and our systems. We have invested significantly in our self-service infrastructure, and customers have accelerated the adoption of our digital self-service capabilities and self-installation program. We also continue to explore ways to drive even more mobile traffic to our network. Our spectrum mobile service is offered to customers subscribing to our internet service and runs on Verizon's mobile network combined with Spectrum WiFi. We believe Spectrum-branded mobile services will drive higher sales of our core products, create longer customer lives, and increase profitability and cash flow over time.