In addition, our success is increasingly dependent on our ability to effectively leverage digital technology and data analytics to gain new commercial insights and develop relevant marketing and advertising to reach customers and consumers. We rely extensively on information technology systems, including some which are managed, hosted, provided and/or used by third parties, including cloud-based service providers, and their vendors, in order to conduct our business. Our uses of these systems include, but are not limited to: communicating within our company and with other parties, including our customers and consumers; ordering and managing materials from suppliers; converting materials to finished products; receiving and processing orders from, shipping products to and invoicing our customers and consumers; marketing products to consumers; collecting, storing, transferring and/or processing customer, consumer, employee, vendor, investor and other stakeholder information and personal data; processing transactions, including but not limited to employee payroll, employee and retiree benefits and payments to customers and vendors; hosting, processing and sharing confidential and proprietary research, intellectual property, business plans and financial information; summarizing and reporting results of operations, including financial reporting; managing our banking and other cash liquidity systems and platforms; complying with legal, regulatory and tax requirements; providing data security; and handling other processes involved in managing our business. Our IT systems, including those of third-party service providers with whom we have contracted, have been, and will likely continue to be, subject to computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access attempts, phishing and other cyber-attacks. Cyber-attacks and other cyber incidents are occurring more frequently, are constantly evolving in nature, and are becoming more sophisticated. Such cyber-attacks and cyber incidents can take many forms, including cyber extortion, social engineering, password theft or introduction of viruses or malware, such as ransomware through phishing emails. We cannot guarantee that our security efforts will prevent breaches or breakdowns of our, or our third-party service providers', IT systems since the techniques used in these attacks change frequently and may be difficult to detect for periods of time. Furthermore, we periodically upgrade our IT systems or adopt new technologies. If such an upgrade or new technology does not function as designed, does not go as planned or increases our exposure to a cyber-attack or cyber incident, it may adversely impact our business, including our ability to ship products to customers, issue invoices and process payments or order raw and packaging materials. Although we have seen no material impact on our business operations from the cyber-security attacks and data breaches we have experienced to date, if we suffer a significant loss or disclosure of confidential business or stakeholder information as a result of a breach of our IT systems, we may suffer reputational, competitive and/or business harm, incur significant costs and be subject to government investigations, litigation, fines and/or damages. Our ability to compete also depends on the strength of our brands and on our ability to enforce and defend our intellectual property, including patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret and trade dress rights, against infringement and legal challenges by competitors. In addition, the cost of responding to such initiatives and challenges, including management time, out-of-pocket expenses and price reductions, may affect our performance. A failure to compete effectively could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.