Our businesses operate in highly competitive and dynamic industries, and our ability to compete effectively depends on our perceived image and reputation among various constituencies, including customers, consumers, advertisers, business partners, employees, investors, and government authorities. The ability to adapt to changing consumer behaviors driven by online video distribution platforms continues to challenge existing business models. We have attempted to enhance our service offerings, such as by deploying the x1 and sky q platforms, which aggregate content from traditional television channels and direct-to-consumer streaming services. The continuing trend of content owners delivering their content directly to consumers over the internet disrupts traditional distribution business models. Our success is dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt, and leverage new and existing technologies, as our competitors' use of certain types of technology may provide them with a competitive advantage. We rely on network and information systems and other technologies, which are critical to our business activities, including network management, customer service operations, and programming delivery. Cyber threats and attacks are directed at both known and newly discovered software and hardware vulnerabilities and are constantly evolving, which increases the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. Our businesses depend on using and protecting certain intellectual property rights and on not infringing the intellectual property rights of others. We rely on our intellectual property, such as patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets, as well as licenses and other agreements with our vendors and other third parties. The unauthorized reproduction, distribution, or display of copyrighted material negatively affects our ability to generate revenue from the legitimate sale of our content and increases our costs due to our active enforcement of our intellectual property rights. We depend on third-party vendors to supply us with a significant amount of the hardware, software, and operational support necessary to provide certain of our products and services. Our businesses generate significant cash flows from operating activities, and we believe that we will be able to continue to meet our current and long-term liquidity and capital requirements. We expect to continue to invest in scalable infrastructure to increase network capacity in our cable communications segment, and we anticipate that our capital expenditures will focus on the continued deployment of wireless gateways, our x1 platform, cloud DVR technology, and international direct-to-consumer streaming platforms. The impacts of COVID-19 have resulted in reduced demand for certain of our residential and business services and reduced spending from advertisers, which have had negative impacts on our revenue over the near to medium term. The deterioration of economic conditions and increased economic uncertainty resulting from COVID-19 have also resulted in increased risks associated with collections on our outstanding receivables. Our ability to compete effectively will be negatively affected if we do not provide our customers with a satisfactory customer experience. We continue to seek ways to enhance the value of our businesses, such as by growing high-speed internet services and business services and by investing in our direct-to-consumer streaming service, Peacock, as the media and entertainment landscape evolves.