Our technology, our people and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to cyber security threats, which could result in wrongful use of our data or our customers' data or cause interruptions in our operations that cause us to lose customers and trading volume and result in substantial liabilities. We regard the secure storage and transmission of data and the ability to continuously transact and clear on our electronic trading platforms as critical elements of our operations. The success of our markets depends on our ability to complete development of, successfully implement and maintain the electronic trading and clearing systems that have the functionality, performance, availability, capacity, security and speed required by our customers. Our technology capability and innovation are essential to remain competitive in the rapidly evolving market for electronic transaction services. We must continue to enhance our electronic trading platforms and other technology offerings to remain competitive. Our business is highly dependent on our ability to process, execute and monitor, in an efficient and uninterrupted manner, a large number of transactions which occur at high volumes and frequencies across multiple systems and our ability to access key business data, financial information, order processing and invoicing. We are heavily reliant on the capacity, reliability and security of our information technology and communications and other business systems and software supporting our operations. Our systems, or those of our third-party providers, including cloud providers, may fail or be shut down or, due to capacity constraints, may operate slowly, causing unanticipated disruptions in service to our customers, slower response times and delays in our customers' trade execution and processing, failed settlement of trades, incomplete or inaccurate accounting, recording or processing of trades, financial losses, security breaches, litigation or other customer claims, loss of customers, or regulatory sanctions. We cannot assure that we will not experience systems failures from power or telecommunications failures, acts of god, war or terrorism, human error on our part or on the part of our vendors, natural disasters, fire, sabotage, hardware or software malfunctions or defects, computer viruses, cyber attacks, acts of vandalism or similar occurrences. Our strategic business plan for our futures and options business is to operate an efficient and transparent vertically integrated transaction execution, clearing and settlement business. We must continue to upgrade, expand and increase the capacity of our systems as our business grows and as we execute our business strategy. We will need to continue to make significant investments in additional hardware and software to accommodate the increases in volume of transactions and order transaction traffic and to provide processing services to third parties. Our growth strategy also may subject us to increased legal, compliance and regulatory obligations. We continue to monitor our capital needs and may revise our forecasted expenditures as necessary in the future. Our strategic initiatives are discussed in "item 1. business" on page 7. We face intense competition from other companies. If we are not able to successfully compete, our business, financial condition and operating results will be materially harmed. The industry in which we operate is highly competitive and we expect competition to continue to intensify. Our competitors may develop products that are preferred by our customers compared to those offered by us, develop and expand their network infrastructure and service offerings more efficiently, utilize better, more user-friendly or more reliable technology, and take greater advantage of acquisitions, alliances and other opportunities that provide a competitive advantage. If we do not successfully enhance our electronic trading systems and technology offerings, if we are unable to develop them to include other products and markets, or if they do not have the required functionality, performance, availability, capacity, security and speed desired by our customers, our ability to successfully compete and our revenues and profits will be adversely affected.