Our digital business, which accounted for almost half of revenues in 2020, is subject to risks. The growth in digital orders is attributable to more guests dining at home due to covid-19, our expanded partnerships with multiple third-party delivery services and our expansion of chipotlanes, which is our drive-through format for digital order pickups. The ordering and payment platforms used by these third-parties, or our mobile app or online ordering system, could be interrupted by technological failures, user errors, cyber-attacks or other factors, which could adversely impact sales through these channels and negatively impact our overall sales and reputation. We rely heavily on information technology systems, including the point-of-sale and payment processing system in our restaurants, technologies supporting our online ordering, digital and delivery business, technologies that traceback ingredients to suppliers and growers and manage our supply chain, our rewards program, technologies that facilitate marketing initiatives, employee engagement and payroll processing, and various other processes and transactions. Our ability to effectively manage our business and coordinate the procurement, production, distribution, safety and sale of our products depends significantly on the availability, reliability and security of these systems. As our reliance on technology has grown, the scope and severity of risks posed to our systems from cyber threats has increased. We continuously monitor and develop our information technology networks and infrastructure to prevent, detect, address and mitigate the risk of unauthorized access, misuse, malware and other events that could have a security impact; however, there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective. Cybersecurity breaches or other privacy or data security incidents could result in unauthorized access, theft, modification or destruction of confidential guest, personal employee and other material, confidential information that is stored in our systems or by third parties on our behalf, which may adversely affect our business. We segment our card data environment and employ a cybersecurity protection program that is based on proven industry frameworks. This program includes but is not limited to cybersecurity techniques, tactics and procedures, including the deployment of a robust set of security controls, continuous monitoring and detection programs, network protections, vendor selection criteria, secure software development programs and ongoing employee training, awareness and incident response preparedness. However, there are no assurances that such programs will prevent or detect cybersecurity breaches. We have been, and likely will continue to be, the target of cyber and other security threats. The regulatory environment related to data privacy and cybersecurity is changing at an ever-increasing pace, with new and increasingly rigorous requirements applicable to our business. Maintaining our compliance with those requirements may limit our ability to obtain data used to provide a more personalized guest experience. We rely on our restaurant-level employees to consistently provide high-quality food and positive experiences to our guests. Our ability to continue to open new restaurants depends on our ability to recruit, train and retain high-quality crew members to manage and work in our restaurants. Our existing restaurant management systems, back office technology systems and processes, financial and management controls, information systems and personnel may not be adequate to support our continued growth. To effectively manage a larger number of restaurants, we may need to upgrade and expand our infrastructure and information systems, automate more processes that currently are manual or require manual intervention and hire, train and retain restaurant crew and corporate support staff, all of which may result in increased costs and at least temporary inefficiencies.