We face risks related to our operational, technological, and organizational infrastructure. Our ability to retain and attract customers depends on our ability to develop, operate, and adapt our technology and organizational infrastructure in a rapidly changing environment. Digital technology, data, and software development are deeply embedded into our business model and how we work. We are heavily dependent on the security, capability, and continuous availability of the technology systems that we use to manage our internal financial and other systems, monitor risk and compliance with regulatory requirements, provide services to our customers, develop and offer new products, and communicate with stakeholders. If we do not maintain the necessary operational, technological, and organizational infrastructure to operate our business, including to maintain the security of that infrastructure, our business and reputation could be materially adversely affected. We also face risk of adverse customer impacts and business disruption arising from the execution of strategic initiatives we may pursue across our operations. Our products and services involve the gathering, authenticating, managing, processing, and the storing and transmission of sensitive and confidential information regarding our customers and their accounts, our employees, and third parties with which we do business. Our ability to provide such products and services, many of which are web-based, depends upon the management and safeguarding of information, software, methodologies, and business secrets. We rely on information systems and infrastructure, including software and data engineering, and information security personnel, digital technologies, computer and email systems, software, networks, and other web-based technologies. We have arrangements in place with third parties through which we share and receive information about their customers who are or may become our customers. We must successfully develop and maintain information, financial reporting, disclosure, data-protection, and other controls adapted to our reliance on outside platforms and providers. Our ongoing investments in infrastructure, which are necessary to maintain a competitive business, integrate acquisitions, and establish scalable operations, may increase our expenses. Our business strategy requires robust governance to ensure that our objectives are executed as intended without adversely impacting our customers, associates, operations, or financial performance. Ineffective change management oversight and governance over the execution of our strategic objectives could expose us to operational, strategic, and reputational risk and could negatively impact customers or our financial performance. We have implemented appropriate operational risk management policies, standards, processes, and controls to enable the delivery of high quality and consistent customer experiences and to achieve business objectives in a controlled manner. Our risk management framework sets consistent expectations for risk management across the company. The framework consists of governance and accountability, strategy and risk alignment, risk identification, assessment, measurement and response, monitoring and testing, aggregation, reporting and escalation, capital and liquidity management, risk data and enabling technology, and culture and talent management. We recognize that compliance requirements for financial institutions are increasingly complex and that there are heightened expectations from our regulators and our customers. In response, we continuously evaluate the regulatory environment and proactively adjust our compliance program to fully address these expectations. Our compliance management program establishes expectations for determining compliance requirements, assessing the risk of new product offerings, creating appropriate controls and training to address requirements, and monitoring for control performance.