Our businesses rely on sophisticated information systems to obtain, rapidly process, analyze, and manage data to facilitate the purchase and distribution of thousands of inventory items from numerous distribution centers; to receive, process, and ship orders on a timely basis; to account for other product and service transactions with customers; to manage the accurate billing and collections for thousands of customers; and to process payments to suppliers. We continue to make substantial investments in data centers and information systems, including, but not limited to, the expanded implementation of our primary ERP system to integrate certain of our key business areas. Third-party service providers are also responsible for managing a portion of our information systems. To the extent our information systems are not successfully implemented or fail, or to the extent there are data center interruptions, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. Information security risks have generally increased in recent years because of the proliferation of cloud-based infrastructure and other services, new technologies, and the increased sophistication and activities of perpetrators of cyber attacks. A failure, interruption, or breach of our operational or information security systems, or those of our third-party service providers, as a result of cyber attacks or information security breaches could disrupt our business, result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information or personal data, damage our reputation, cause loss of customers or revenue, increase our costs, result in litigation and/or regulatory action, and/or cause other losses, any of which might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations. As a result, cyber security and the continued development and enhancement of the controls and processes designed to protect our systems, computers, software, data, and networks from attack, damage, or unauthorized access remain a priority for us. Significant capital expenditures in fiscal 2020 included investments in various technology initiatives, including costs related to enhancing and upgrading our primary information technology operating systems. Significant capital expenditures in fiscal 2019 included costs associated with the construction of a new support facility and technology initiatives, including costs related to enhancing and upgrading our information technology systems. We currently expect to spend approximately $400 million for capital expenditures during fiscal 2021. Larger 2021 capital expenditures will include investments related to various technology initiatives and new facilities. The anticipated ongoing strategic and financial benefits of our relationship with Walgreens Boots Alliance may not be realized. The processes and initiatives needed to achieve and maintain these benefits are complex, costly, and time-consuming. Achieving the anticipated benefits from the arrangement on an ongoing basis is subject to a number of significant challenges and uncertainties, including potential disruption of our plans and operations as a result of the terms under which we extended the duration of the distribution agreement and generics purchasing services agreement, including any disruption of our cash flow and ability to return value to our stockholders in accordance with our past practices and any reduction in our operational, strategic or financial flexibility. We are also subject to operational and logistical risks that might not be covered by insurance. Our business exposes us to risks that are inherent in the distribution of pharmaceuticals and the provision of related services, including with respect to cold chain storage and shipping. We anticipate that the volume of cold chain storage and shipping may increase due to the COVID-19 pandemic, as we assist with the strategic national stockpile as well as possible distribution of COVID-19 vaccines.