Our business, results of operations and financial condition have been adversely affected and could in the future be materially adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, which has caused economic and financial disruptions globally. The pandemic has led to long-term changes in customer needs for our products and services, along with IT-related capital spending reductions, or shifts in spending focus, that could materially adversely affect us if we are unable to adjust our product and service offerings to match customer needs. The shift to a remote working environment creates challenges, impacting the ability of our employees and vendors to work with the same speed and productivity in certain areas. The extent and/or duration of ongoing workforce restrictions could impact our ability to enhance, develop and support existing products and services. Additionally, the pandemic has increased disruption and volatility in capital markets and credit markets, which could adversely affect our liquidity and capital resources in the future. We are continuing to monitor the pandemic and take appropriate actions in accordance with the recommendations and requirements of relevant authorities. Our operating results may fluctuate in future periods, which may adversely affect our stock price, and we expect ongoing uncertainty in the service provider market and emerging countries. We have been investing and expect to continue to invest in key priority and growth areas, including security and applications, while also focusing on maintaining leadership in infrastructure platforms and services. The transformation of our business to deliver more software and subscription offerings is ongoing, where revenue is recognized over time. We are integrating intent-based technologies across networking, security, collaboration, applications, and the cloud, designed to help our customers manage more users, devices, and things connecting to their networks. Our vision is to deliver highly secure, software-defined, automated, and intelligent platforms for our customers. The markets in which we compete are characterized by rapid change, converging technologies, and a migration to networking and communications solutions that offer relative advantages. We face competition from numerous vendors, and the overall number of competitors providing niche product solutions may increase. Our ability to execute on our strategy and operating plans and the impact of changes in our business model could result in significant restructuring charges. The inherent nature of networking requires interoperability, and we must cooperate and compete with many companies. Our growth depends upon market growth, our ability to enhance our existing products, and our ability to introduce new products on a timely basis. We depend upon the development of new products and services, and enhancements to existing products and services, and if we fail to predict and respond to emerging technological trends and customers' changing needs, our operating results and market share may suffer. Our business substantially depends upon the continued growth of the internet and internet-based systems, and we believe that our strong cash and cash equivalents position is critical at this time of uncertainty due to the COVID-19 pandemic. We have made and expect to continue to make acquisitions that could disrupt our operations and harm our operating results. The success of new products and services depends on several factors, including proper new product and service definition, timely completion and introduction of these products and services, and market acceptance of these products and services.