The company relies on the security, stability, and availability of its technology systems to operate its business. The performance and reliability of the company's technology systems are critical to its ability to operate and compete safely and effectively. A cybersecurity attack, which is a deliberate theft of data or impairment of information technology systems, or other significant disruption or failure, could result in a service interruption, train accident, misappropriation of confidential information, process failure, security breach, or other operational difficulties. Such an event could result in decreased revenues and increased capital, insurance, or operating costs, including increased security costs to protect the company's infrastructure. A disruption or compromise of the company's information technology systems, even for short periods of time, could have a material adverse effect. CSXT's rail lines, other key infrastructure, and information technology systems may be targets or indirect casualties of acts of terror or war. This risk could cause significant business interruption and result in increased costs and liabilities and decreased revenues. The company experiences competition in pricing, service, reliability, and other factors from various transportation providers, including railroads and motor carriers that operate similar routes across its service area. Any future improvements or expenditures materially increasing the quality or reducing the cost of alternative modes of transportation, such as through the use of automation, autonomy, or electrification, could negatively impact the company's competitive position. The company relies on information technology in all aspects of its business, and operational, safety, and business disruption can arise from public health crises, including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. The company continues to take measures to ensure the availability of its transportation services, promote the safety and security of its employees, and support the communities in which it operates. The extent to which COVID-19 adversely affects the company's business and financial results may heighten many of the other risks described in the annual report. The company is committed to continuous improvement in safety and service performance through training, innovation, and investment. Technological innovations that can detect and avoid many types of human factor incidents serve as an additional layer of protection for the company's employees. The company is continually evaluating market and regulatory conditions that could affect its ability to generate sufficient returns on capital investments. The company maintains adequate current assets to satisfy current liabilities and maturing obligations when they come due. The company's operations may be affected by external factors such as severe weather and other natural occurrences, which could result in significant business interruptions and expenditures in excess of available insurance coverage. The company has been, and may in the future be, subject to allegations or findings to the effect that it has violated, or is strictly liable under, environmental laws or regulations, and such violations can result in the company incurring fines, penalties, or costs relating to the cleanup of environmental contamination. The company believes that it has appropriately recorded current and long-term liabilities for known and reasonably estimable future environmental costs, but it could incur significant costs that exceed reserves or require unanticipated cash expenditures. The company is subject to various claims and lawsuits related to disputes over commercial practices, labor and unemployment matters, occupational and personal injury claims, property damage, environmental, and other matters.