We rely extensively on computer systems, including third-party systems, to process transactions, maintain information and manage our businesses. Disruptions in the availability of computer systems due to implementation of a new system or otherwise, or privacy breaches involving computer systems, could impact our ability to service our customers and adversely affect our sales, consolidated results of operations and reputation and expose us to litigation risk. Our businesses rely on various computer systems, including third-party systems, to provide customer information, process customer transactions and provide other general information necessary to manage our businesses. Our computer systems are subject to damage or interruption due to system conversions, such as our current conversion to SAP enterprise system, power outages, computer or telecommunication failures, catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes and hurricanes and usage errors by our employees. Although we believe that we have adopted appropriate measures to mitigate potential risks to our technology and our operations from these information technology-related and other potential disruptions, given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of such disruptions, we could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational delays and interruptions in our ability to provide products and services to our customers. Any disruption caused by the unavailability of our computer systems could adversely affect our sales, could require us to make a significant investment to fix or replace them and, therefore, could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. In addition, cybersecurity attacks are evolving and include, but are not limited to, malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption of data. If the network of security controls, policy enforcement mechanisms and monitoring systems to address these threats to our technology fails, the compromising of confidential or otherwise protected company, customer, or employee information, destruction or corruption of data, security breaches, or other manipulation or improper use of our systems and networks could result in financial losses from remedial actions, loss of business or potential liability and damage to our reputation. We also rely on software applications, enterprise cloud storage systems and cloud computing services provided by third-party vendors for certain information technology services, including our SAP enterprise system, payroll data, risk management data and lease data. If these third-party vendors, as well as our suppliers and other vendors, experience service interruptions or damage, security breaches, cyber-attacks, computer viruses, ransomware or other similar events or intrusions, our business and our consolidated results of operations may be adversely affected. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the consolidated financial statement preparation and presentation. While we continue to evaluate our internal controls, we cannot be certain that these measures will ensure that we implement and maintain adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future. Failure to achieve and maintain an effective internal control environment could cause us to be unable to produce reliable financial reports or prevent fraud. This may cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a material adverse effect on our stock price.