The companies' businesses are dependent upon sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, the failure of which could prevent them from accomplishing critical business functions. The companies' operations could be adversely affected and their physical plant placed at greater risk of damage should changes in global climate produce unusual variations in temperature and weather patterns. The companies' financial performance and condition can be affected by changes in the weather, including the effects of global climate change. The companies' operations are subject to operational hazards, equipment failures, supply chain disruptions, and personnel issues which could negatively affect the companies. The companies are subject to complex governmental regulation, including tax regulation, that could adversely affect their results of operations and subject the companies to monetary penalties. The companies' generation business may be negatively affected by possible FERC actions that could change market design in the wholesale markets or affect pricing rules or revenue calculations in the RTO markets. The companies' businesses require that they and their vendors collect and maintain sensitive customer data, as well as confidential employee and shareholder information, which is subject to electronic theft or loss. A successful cyber attack on the systems that control the companies' electric generation, electric transmission, or distribution assets could severely disrupt business operations, preventing the companies from serving customers or collecting revenues. The breach of certain business systems could affect the companies' ability to correctly record, process, and report financial information. The companies' financial results can be adversely affected by various factors driving supply and demand for electricity and gas and related services. Technological advances required by federal laws mandate new levels of energy efficiency in end-use devices, including lighting, furnaces, and electric heat pumps, which could lead to declines in per capita energy consumption. The companies' businesses are subject to risks associated with the disposal and storage of coal ash. The companies are also subject to federal water and waste regulations, including regulations concerning cooling water intake structures, coal combustion by-product handling and disposal practices, wastewater discharges from steam electric generating stations, management and disposal of hydraulic fracturing fluids, and the potential further regulation of polychlorinated biphenyls. The companies' operations and construction activities are subject to a number of environmental laws and regulations which impose significant compliance costs on the companies. Compliance with these legal requirements requires the companies to commit significant capital toward permitting, emission fees, environmental monitoring, installation and operation of environmental control equipment, and purchase of allowances and/or offsets. The companies are also subject to risks associated with the disposal and storage of coal ash. The companies' operations are subject to extensive federal, state, and local environmental statutes, rules, and regulations relating to air quality, water quality, waste management, natural resources, and health and safety. The companies' financial results can be adversely affected by various factors driving supply and demand for electricity and gas and related services. The companies' financial performance and condition can be affected by changes in the weather, including the effects of global climate change. The companies' operations are subject to operational hazards, equipment failures, supply chain disruptions, and personnel issues which could negatively affect the companies. The companies must also comply with environmental legislation and associated regulations. The companies' businesses are influenced by many factors that are difficult to predict, involve uncertainties that may materially affect actual results, and are often beyond their control.