John Deere relies upon information technology networks and systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection of payments from dealers or other purchasers of John Deere equipment and from customers of John Deere's financial services operations. The secure operation of these information technology networks and the processing and maintenance of this information is critical to John Deere's business operations and strategy. Despite security measures and business continuity plans, John Deere's information technology networks and infrastructure may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to attacks by cyber criminals or breaches due to employee or supplier error or malfeasance or other disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing computer software or hardware, power outages, computer viruses, telecommunication or utility failures, terrorist acts, natural disasters or other catastrophic events. Security breaches and other disruptions to John Deere's information technology infrastructure could interfere with John Deere's operations and could compromise John Deere's and its customers' and suppliers' information, exposing John Deere to liability that would cause John Deere's business and reputation to suffer. The occurrence of any of these events could compromise John Deere's networks, and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or regulatory penalties under laws protecting the privacy of personal information, disrupt operations, and damage John Deere's reputation, which could adversely affect John Deere's business, results of operations and financial condition. As security threats continue to evolve and increase in frequency and sophistication, John Deere may need to invest additional resources to protect the security of its systems. John Deere is subject to governmental laws, regulations and other legal obligations related to privacy and data protection and any inability or perceived inability of the company to address these requirements could adversely affect its business. The legislative and regulatory framework for privacy and data protection issues worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. John Deere collects personal information and other data as integral parts of its business processes and activities. This data is subject to a variety of U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, including oversight by various regulatory and other governmental bodies. Many foreign countries and governmental bodies, including the European Union, Canada, and other relevant jurisdictions where John Deere conducts business, have laws and regulations concerning the collection and use of personal information and other data obtained from their residents or by businesses operating within their jurisdictions. John Deere's ability to adapt in highly competitive markets could affect its business, results of operations and financial condition. John Deere competes on the basis of product performance, innovation and quality, distribution, customer service and price. John Deere's ability to understand its customers' specific preferences and requirements, and to develop, manufacture and market products that meet customer demand, could significantly affect its business results. This requires a thorough understanding of John Deere's existing and potential customers on a global basis. Failure to deliver quality products that meet customer needs at competitive prices ahead of competitors could have a significant adverse effect on John Deere's business. John Deere's approach to precision technology involves hardware and software, guidance, connectivity and digital solutions, automation and machine intelligence, and autonomy. To create and maintain a competitive differentiation through precision technology solutions, the company needs to successfully develop and introduce new precision technology solutions that improve profitability and sustainability for customers through the production systems.