Information technology capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. Our financial services operations are subject to extensive state and federal laws and regulations, which are administered by numerous agencies, including but not limited to the CFPB, Federal Housing Finance Agency, U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, FHA, VA, USDA, Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac, and Ginnie Mae. These laws and regulations include many compliance requirements, including but not limited to licensing, consumer disclosures, fair lending, and real estate settlement procedures. As a result, our operations are subject to regular, extensive examinations by the applicable agencies. Information technology failures, data security breaches, and the failure to satisfy privacy and data protection laws and regulations could harm our business. We use information technology and other computer resources to carry out important operational and marketing activities and to maintain our business records. A material breach in the security of our information technology systems or other data security controls could include the theft or release of this information. We utilize various encryption, tokenization, and authentication technologies to mitigate cybersecurity risks and have increased our monitoring capabilities to enhance early detection and rapid response to potential cyber threats. Our increased use of remote work environments and virtual platforms in response to C-19 may also increase our risk of cyber-attack or data security breaches. We have implemented operational protocols to comply with social distancing and other health and safety standards as required by federal, state, and local government agencies, taking into consideration guidelines of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and other public health authorities. Our strategy remains consistent and includes the initiative of developing and retaining highly experienced and productive teams of personnel throughout our company that are aligned and focused on continuous improvement in our operational execution and financial performance. We believe our strong balance sheet and liquidity position provide us with the flexibility to operate effectively through changing economic conditions. We plan to continue to generate strong cash flows from our homebuilding operations and manage our product offerings, incentives, home pricing, sales pace, and inventory levels to optimize the return on our inventory investments in each of our communities based on local housing market conditions. Our homebuilding operations utilize a $1.59 billion five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility with an uncommitted accordion feature that could increase the size of the facility to $2.5 billion, subject to certain conditions and availability of additional bank commitments. We also have a $375 million 364-day senior unsecured homebuilding revolving credit facility with an uncommitted accordion feature that could increase the size of the facility to $550 million, subject to certain conditions and availability of additional bank commitments. Our mortgage subsidiary utilizes a $1.35 billion mortgage repurchase facility to finance the majority of the loans it originates. The capacity of the facility increased, without requiring additional commitments, to $1.575 billion for approximately 45 days around September 30, 2020, and increases again for approximately 30 days around December 31, 2020. The mortgage repurchase facility must be renewed annually and currently expires on February 19, 2021. We expect to renew and extend the term of the mortgage repurchase facility with similar terms prior to its maturity.