Our business depends upon the demand for data centers, and we face significant competition, which may adversely affect the occupancy and rental rates of our data centers. We may be unable to adapt to changing technologies and customer requirements, and our data center infrastructure may become obsolete. We depend upon third-party suppliers for power, and we are vulnerable to service failures and to price increases by such suppliers and to volatility in the supply and price of power in the open market. We depend on third parties to provide network connectivity to the customers in our data centers, and any delays or disruptions in connectivity may materially adversely affect our operating results and cash flow. We have made significant investments to update and improve our information technology systems and expect such investments to continue in order to meet our business needs, including for ongoing improvements for our customer experience. Transitioning to new or upgraded systems can create difficulties, including potential disruptions to current processes and security complexities. Our information technology systems may require further modification as we grow and as our business needs change, which could prolong difficulties we experience with transitions. Difficulties in implementing new or upgraded information technology systems or significant system failures or delays or the failure to successfully modify our systems and respond to changes in our business needs could adversely affect our business and results of operations. We may be vulnerable to breaches, or unauthorized access to, or disruption of our physical and information security infrastructure and systems. Security breaches, or disruption, of our or our customers' physical or information technology infrastructure, networks and related management systems could result in unauthorized access to our facilities, a breach of our and our customers' networks and information technology infrastructure, the misappropriation of our or our customers' or their customers' proprietary or confidential information, interruptions or malfunctions in our or our customers' operations, delays or interruptions to our ability to meet customer needs, breach of our legal, regulatory or contractual obligations, inability to access or rely upon critical business records or other disruptions in our operations. We may be required to expend significant financial resources to protect against or to remediate such security breaches. Our business could be adversely impacted if there are deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting. The design and effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting may not prevent all errors, misstatements or misrepresentations. We may not be able to effectively manage our growth, which could result in deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting and could negatively impact financial condition, results of operations and our cash available for distribution. Our ability to attract customers to our data centers will depend on a variety of factors, including our product offerings, the presence of carriers, the overall mix of customers, the presence of key customers attracting business through ecosystems, the data center's operating reliability and security and our ability to effectively market our product offerings. Our ability to grow earnings depends in part on our ability to develop and lease capacity at favorable rates, which we may not be able to obtain. Our development activities make us susceptible to general economic slowdowns, including recessions and other circumstances described above, as well as adverse developments in the data center and broader technology industries. Any such slowdown or adverse development could lead to reduced corporate IT spending or reduced demand for data center solutions.