Duke Energy's operations are dependent upon the proper functioning of its internal systems, including the information technology systems that support its underlying business processes. Any significant failure or malfunction of such information technology systems may result in disruptions of operations. Duke Energy believes the digital transformation of its business is key to driving internal efficiencies as well as providing additional capabilities to customers. The company continues to leverage new technology, digital tools, and data analytics across the business in response to a transforming landscape. Duke Energy's information technology systems are critical to cost-effective, reliable daily operations and its ability to effectively serve customers. The company expects its customers to continue to demand more sophisticated technology-driven solutions and must enhance or replace its information technology systems in response. This involves significant development and implementation costs to keep pace with changing technologies and customer demand. Failure to successfully implement critical technology, or if it does not provide the anticipated benefits or meet customer demands, could materially adversely affect the business strategy as well as impact the results of operations, financial position, and cash flows of the Duke Energy registrants. Duke Energy's strategy includes transforming the customer experience, which is subject to business, regulatory, economic, and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, and required advancements in technology to achieve net-zero carbon emissions by 2050. The company’s information technology systems are also susceptible to cybersecurity and data breaches, which could adversely affect its businesses. Cybersecurity risks have increased in recent years due to the proliferation of new technologies and the increased sophistication, magnitude, and frequency of cyberattacks and data security breaches. Duke Energy relies on the continued operation of sophisticated digital information technology systems and network infrastructure, which are part of an interconnected regional grid. The company faces a heightened risk of cyberattack and has been subject to attempts to gain unauthorized access to information and/or information systems or to disrupt utility operations. In the event of a significant cybersecurity breach, the registrants could experience business operations disruption, theft of confidential information, and substantial loss of revenues. The company maintains insurance relating to cybersecurity events, but such insurance may be insufficient to offset any losses, costs, or damage experienced. Duke Energy's operations have been and may be affected by COVID-19, including impacts on information technology systems and protections from cyberattacks. The company has ensured its networks could handle remote work while strengthening cyber protection. The digital infrastructure is essential for maintaining operational efficiency and supporting strategic management practices. The ability to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce is crucial, as the challenges include a mismatch of skill sets or complement to future needs, which may lead to increased costs and impact the ability to manage and operate the business effectively.