We rely to a large extent upon information technology systems and infrastructure to operate our business. The size and complexity of our information technology systems make them potentially vulnerable to failure, malicious intrusion, and random attack. Acquisitions have resulted in further decentralization of systems and additional complexity in our systems infrastructure. While we have invested in protection of data and information technology, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent failures, cybersecurity attacks, or breaches in our systems that could cause reputational damage, business disruption, or legal and regulatory costs; could result in third-party claims; could result in compromise or misappropriation of our intellectual property, trade secrets, or sensitive information; or could otherwise adversely affect our business. Certain of our customer offerings include digital components, such as remote monitoring of certain customer operations. A breach of those remote monitoring systems could expose customer data, giving rise to potential third-party claims and reputational damage. We continue to execute key business initiatives, including restructurings and investments to develop business systems, as part of our ongoing efforts to improve our efficiency and returns. In particular, we are undertaking the Accelerate 2020 plan to simplify and automate processes and tasks, reduce complexity and management layers, consolidate facilities, and focus on key long-term growth areas by leveraging technology and structural improvements. Additionally, we are continuing implementation of our ERP system upgrades, which are expected to improve the efficiency of certain financial and related transactional processes. These upgrades involve complex business process design, and a failure of certain of these processes could result in business disruption. Our growth depends upon our ability to compete successfully with respect to value, innovation, and customer support. We must also continue to identify, develop, and commercialize innovative, profitable, and high value-added products for niche applications and commercial digital applications. We have made significant investments in commercial digital product offerings, and our culture and expertise must continue to evolve to develop, support, and profitably deploy commercial digital offerings, which are becoming an increasingly important part of our business. Our ability to compete depends in part on providing high quality and high value-added products, technology, and service. If we fail to introduce new technologies or commercialize our digital offerings on a timely and profitable basis, we may lose market share and our consolidated results of operations, financial position, or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. We have taken measures to appropriately reserve for expected credit losses; however, we cannot be certain that loss or delay in the collection of accounts receivable will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. We depend on key personnel to lead our business. Our continued success will largely depend on our ability to attract, retain, and develop a high caliber of talent and on the efforts and abilities of our executive officers and certain other key employees, particularly those with sales and sales management responsibilities to drive business growth, development, and profitability.