The majority of our workforce continues to work remotely in an effort to mitigate the spread of COVID-19, which may exacerbate certain risks to our business, including an increased demand for information technology resources, increased risk of phishing and other cybersecurity attacks, and increased risk of unauthorized dissemination of sensitive personal information or proprietary or confidential information about us, our members, or other third parties. We have security technologies, processes, and procedures in place to protect against cybersecurity risks and security breaches. However, hardware, software, or applications we develop or procure from third parties may contain defects in design, manufacturer defects, or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security. Cybersecurity and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes, and practices designed to protect our systems, computers, software, data, and networks from attack, damage, and unauthorized access remain a priority for us. The failure to effectively maintain and upgrade our information systems could adversely affect our business. Our business depends significantly on effective information systems, and we have many different information systems for our various businesses, including those that we have acquired as a result of our merger and acquisition activities. Our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain and enhance existing systems and develop new systems in order to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, emerging cybersecurity risks and threats, changing customer preferences, evolving industry and regulatory standards, and legal requirements. Failure to adequately implement and maintain effective and efficient information systems with sufficiently advanced technological capabilities, or our failure to efficiently and effectively consolidate our information systems to eliminate redundant or obsolete applications, could result in competitive and cost disadvantages to us compared to our competitors. We are dependent on the success of our relationships with third parties for various services and functions. We contract with various third parties to perform certain functions and services and provide us with certain information technology systems. Certain of these third parties provide us with significant portions of our business infrastructure and operating requirements. A single vendor provides us with a wide range of technology infrastructure services, including end-user (help desk and field support), data center, mainframe, storage, and database services, cloud infrastructure, and multi-cloud management services, and we are subject to the risks of any operational failure, termination, or other restraints in this arrangement. If we fail to appropriately predict, price for, and manage healthcare costs, the profitability of our products could decline, which could materially adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. Our profitability depends in large part on accurately predicting and pricing healthcare costs and on our ability to manage future healthcare costs through medical management, product design, negotiation of favorable provider contracts, and underwriting criteria. The introduction of new technologies, drugs, and treatments, as well as increased costs of individual services, may adversely affect our ability to predict and manage healthcare costs. We continue to closely monitor developments related to the COVID-19 pandemic to assess its ongoing impact on our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations, as the extent of this impact will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time.