The company relies on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities. These technology networks and systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components; power outages; telecommunications or system failures; terrorist attacks; natural disasters; employee error or malfeasance; server or cloud provider breaches; and computer viruses or cyberattacks. Cybersecurity threats and incidents can range from uncoordinated individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to information technology networks and systems to more sophisticated and targeted measures, known as advanced persistent threats, directed at the company, its products, its customers and/or its third-party service providers. Despite the implementation of cybersecurity measures, the company's information technology systems may still be vulnerable to cybersecurity threats and other electronic security breaches. It is possible for such vulnerabilities to remain undetected for an extended period. In addition, it is possible a security breach could result in theft of trade secrets or other intellectual property or disclosure of confidential customer, supplier or employee information. Should the company be unable to prevent security breaches or other damage to its information technology systems, disruptions could have an adverse effect on its operations, as well as expose the company to litigation, liability or penalties under privacy laws, increased cybersecurity protection costs, reputational damage and product failure. The company engages in acquisitions and divestitures, which are subject to domestic and foreign regulatory requirements, and may encounter difficulties in integrating and separating these businesses and therefore may not realize the anticipated benefits. The success of these transactions will depend on the company's ability to integrate assets and personnel acquired in these transactions and to cooperate with its strategic partners. The company has made various acquisitions and entered into joint venture arrangements intended to complement or expand its business, and may continue to do so in the future. The company’s ability to invest in its businesses, make strategic acquisitions and refinance maturing debt obligations requires access to the capital markets and sufficient bank credit lines to support short-term borrowings. The company's operations depend on production facilities throughout the world, a majority of which are located outside the United States and subject to increased risks of disrupted production, causing delays in shipments and loss of customers and revenue. The company’s substantial sales both in the U.S. and abroad subject it to economic risk as its results of operations may be adversely affected by changes in government regulations and policies and currency fluctuations. The company’s success depends in part on the efforts and abilities of its management and key employees. Their skills, experience and industry knowledge significantly benefit its operations and performance. The failure to attract, develop and retain highly qualified personnel could adversely affect the company's business and operating results. The company's internal accounting controls provide reasonable assurance that errors or irregularities that could be material to the financial statements are prevented or would be detected within a timely period. The company’s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The company believes that the financial statements for each of the years in the three-year period have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles appropriate in the circumstances.