EOG relies extensively on information technology systems, including internally developed software, data hosting platforms, real-time data acquisition systems, third-party software, cloud services, and other internally or externally hosted hardware and software platforms, to process and analyze all stages of its business operations, including exploration, drilling, completions, production, transportation, pipelines, and other related activities. The company has implemented and invested in controls, procedures, and protections designed to protect its systems and monitor and mitigate the risk of data loss and other cybersecurity threats. However, such measures cannot entirely eliminate cybersecurity threats, and the controls, procedures, and protections may prove to be ineffective. EOG's systems and networks may become the target of cybersecurity attacks, which could materially and adversely affect its operations in various ways, including unauthorized access to sensitive information, data corruption, operational disruptions, and potential environmental hazards. The company acknowledges that external digital technologies control nearly all crude oil and natural gas distribution and refining systems, which are necessary to transport and market its production. EOG's ability to sell and deliver its crude oil, natural gas liquids, and natural gas production could be materially and adversely affected if adequate gathering, processing, compression, storage, transportation, and export facilities and equipment are unavailable. The company continues to evaluate certain potential crude oil and condensate, natural gas liquids, and natural gas exploration and development prospects and looks for opportunities to add drilling inventory through leasehold acquisitions, farm-ins, exchanges, or tactical acquisitions. EOG's business strategy focuses predominantly on maximizing the rate of return on investment of capital by controlling operating and capital costs and maximizing reserve recoveries, which is integral to its operational efficiency and effectiveness. The company emphasizes the drilling of internally generated prospects to find and develop low-cost reserves, and it has continued to focus on increasing drilling, completion, and operating efficiencies gained in prior years. The evolving regulatory environment, including potential changes in government policies, laws, and regulations, could materially and adversely affect EOG's operations and financial condition. EOG's management continues to believe that it has one of the strongest prospect inventories in its history and will make acquisitions that bolster existing drilling programs or offer incremental exploration and/or production opportunities. The company’s strategic resource allocation and operational flexibility are designed to enhance its ability to respond to market dynamics and maintain a competitive advantage in the oil and gas exploration and production industry. EOG's capital expenditures are structured to maintain capital discipline by funding exploration, development, and exploitation activities primarily from available internally generated cash flows and cash on hand. The company recognizes that the accuracy of reserve estimates is critical to its financial performance, as these estimates directly impact financial accounting estimates, including depreciation, depletion, and amortization, and impairments of proved properties and related assets.