Our business and results of operations may be adversely affected if we are unable to recruit and retain qualified management and other personnel. The operation of our business depends on our information technology systems. We rely on our information technology systems to, among other things, effectively manage sales and marketing data, accounting and financial functions, inventory management, product development tasks, clinical data, customer service and technical support functions. Failure to protect our information technology infrastructure against cyber-based attacks, network security breaches, service interruptions, or data corruption could materially disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business and operating results. Our information technology systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, fires, floods, and other natural disasters, terrorist attacks, power losses, computer system or data network failures, security breaches, data corruption, and cyber-based attacks. Cyber-based attacks can include, but are not limited to, computer viruses, computer denial-of-service attacks, phishing attacks, ransomware attacks, worms, and other malicious software programs or other attacks. The failure of either our or our service providers' information technology could disrupt our operations or result in decreased sales, liability claims or regulatory penalties, or lead to increased overhead costs, product shortages, loss or misuse of proprietary or confidential information, intellectual property, or sensitive or personal information, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, and operating results. We are committed to developing new technologies and providing innovative patient care, and we are committed to defending our intellectual property in support of those developments. We actively manage a portfolio of research and development products, and we regularly explore potential acquisitions of complementary businesses, technologies, services, or products, as well as potential strategic alliances. Our continued growth and success depend on our ability to innovate and develop new and differentiated products in a timely manner and effectively market these products. Without the timely innovation and development of products, our products could be rendered obsolete or less competitive by changing customer preferences or because of the introduction of a competitor's newer technologies. The medical technology industry is highly competitive and continues to evolve. Our success is measured both by the development of innovative products and the value we bring to our stakeholders. We believe that many of our existing products are cost-effective, even though the one-time cost may be significant, because they are intended to improve quality of life and reduce overall health care costs over a long period of time. The introduction of cost containment incentives, combined with closer scrutiny of health care expenditures by both private health insurers and employers, has resulted in increased discounts and contractual adjustments to hospital charges for services performed. We are subject to various federal and foreign laws that govern our domestic and international business practices. Our operations are subject to environmental, health, and safety laws, and regulations concerning, among other things, the generation, handling, transportation, and disposal of hazardous substances or wastes, the cleanup of hazardous substance releases, and emissions or discharges into the air or water. We cannot predict to what extent general domestic and global economic conditions may negatively impact our business. Our extensive global operations and business activity, as well as the fact that many of our manufacturing facilities and suppliers are outside of the United States, are accompanied by certain financial, economic, political, and other risks. The success of many of our products depends upon certain key physicians. We maintain working relationships with physicians upon whom we rely to provide considerable knowledge and experience.