We are heavily dependent on electrical power, internet and telecommunications infrastructure and our information systems and computer-based programs, including our well operations information, seismic data, electronic data processing and accounting data. If any of such infrastructure, systems or programs were to fail or become unavailable or compromised, or create erroneous information in our hardware or software network infrastructure, our ability to safely and effectively operate our business will be limited and any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on our business. The oil and natural gas industry has become increasingly dependent on digital technologies to conduct certain exploration, development, production, and processing activities. For example, the oil and natural gas industry depends on digital technologies to interpret seismic data, manage drilling rigs, production equipment and gathering systems, conduct reservoir modeling and reserves estimation, and process and record financial and operating data. Our operations depend heavily on electrical power, internet and telecommunication infrastructure and information and computer systems. We maintain specialized insurance for possible liability resulting from a cyberattack on our assets; however, we cannot assure you that the insurance coverage will be adequate to cover claims that may arise, or that we will be able to maintain adequate insurance at rates we consider reasonable. Our technologies, systems, networks, and those of our vendors, suppliers and other business partners, may become the target of cyberattacks or information security breaches that could result in the unauthorized release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of proprietary and other information, or other disruption of our business operations. The success of the pending merger will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings from combining our and QEP's businesses, including the need to integrate the operations and business of QEP into our existing business in an efficient and timely manner, to combine systems and management controls and to integrate relationships with customers, vendors, industry contacts and business partners. The anticipated benefits and cost savings of the pending merger may not be realized fully or at all, may take longer to realize than expected, or could have other adverse effects that we do not currently foresee. We expect that the pending merger will add material tier-1 Midland Basin inventory, be accretive on all relevant 2021 per share metrics including cash flow per share, free cash flow per share and leverage, lower 2021 reinvestment ratio and enhance ability to generate free cash flow, de-lever and return capital to our stockholders, and realize significant, tangible annual synergies of $60 to $80 million comprised of general and administrative expense savings, cost of capital and interest expense savings, improved capital efficiency from high-graded development of combined acreage, physical adjacencies to increase lateral lengths and significant adjacent Permian Basin midstream assets. We have entered into multiple fee-based commercial agreements with Rattler, each with an initial term ending in 2034, utilizing Rattler's infrastructure assets or its planned infrastructure assets to provide an array of essential services critical to our upstream operations in the Delaware and Midland Basins. Our ability to meet our debt obligations and to reduce our level of indebtedness depends on our future performance. Our future performance depends on many factors independent of the pending merger, some of which are beyond our control, such as general economic conditions and oil and natural gas prices. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash flows to pay the interest on our debt, and future working capital, borrowings or equity financing may not be available to pay or refinance such debt.