Interruptions in the proper functioning of information systems or the inability to maintain or upgrade these systems could disrupt operations, cause unanticipated increases in costs and/or decreases in revenues, and result in less efficient operations. The proper functioning of our information systems is critical to many aspects of our business, and we could be adversely affected if we experience a disruption or data loss relating to our information systems and are unable to recover in a timely manner. Our ability to process orders, maintain proper levels of inventories, collect accounts receivable, pay expenses, and maintain the security of company and customer data is dependent on the effective and timely operation and support of our information technology systems. If critical information systems fail or these systems or related software or services are otherwise unavailable, or if we experience extended delays or unexpected expenses in securing, developing, and otherwise implementing technology solutions to support our growth and operations, it could adversely affect our profitability and/or ability to grow. Cybersecurity incidents or violations of data privacy laws and regulations could cause us to experience operational interruptions, incur substantial additional costs, become subject to legal or regulatory proceedings, or suffer damage to our reputation in the marketplace. We have taken significant steps to protect our customer and confidential information, but a compromise of our data security systems could result in information being obtained by unauthorized persons. We have established and maintained disclosure controls and procedures to make accurate and timely disclosures of any material event, including any cybersecurity event, but the development and maintenance of these processes and systems are costly and require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change. Our ability to attract new customers and increase our activity with existing customers is dependent on our investment in technology and the effective deployment of our IT capabilities. We have increased resources devoted to our growth drivers, including digital solutions, which are critical for our competitive positioning. Our success depends in part on our ability to develop product expertise at the selling location level and integrate new products and product lines into our branches and distribution network, which requires effective information management and IT capabilities. The growth in our employee-related expenses reflects our increased focus on technology capabilities, particularly in information technology roles to support customer acquisition and implementation. Our investments in information technology are essential for operational efficiency and to maintain our competitive advantage in the market. The nature of our business requires us to receive, retain, and transmit certain personally identifying information, and our IT systems must ensure the security and confidentiality of this data. We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations, including data privacy and cybersecurity requirements, which pose compliance challenges that could increase costs and impact our operations. Our reliance on third-party software and services for our information systems introduces additional risks, as these providers could choose to discontinue their products or services. The ability to leverage our IT capabilities effectively is crucial for sustaining our growth and achieving our strategic objectives.