Our business is dependent upon information technology systems, which may be adversely affected by disruptions, damage, failure and risks associated with implementation and integration. Our industry has become increasingly dependent on digital technologies. Our strategy of operating large, long-lived, geographically diverse assets has been increasingly dependent on our ability to become fully integrated and highly automated. Many of our business and operational processes are heavily dependent on traditional and emerging technology systems to conduct day-to-day operations, improve safety and efficiency, and lower costs. As our dependence on information systems, including those of our third party service providers and vendors, grows, we become more vulnerable to an increasing threat of continually evolving cybersecurity risks. In recent years, cybersecurity incidents have increased in frequency and magnitude. These incidents may include, but are not limited to, installation of malicious software, phishing, credential attacks, unauthorized access to data and other advanced and sophisticated cybersecurity breaches and threats, including threats that increasingly target critical operational technologies and process control networks. If any of these threats materialize, we could be subject to manipulation or improper use of our systems and networks, production downtimes, communication interruption or other disruptions and delays to our operations or to the transportation of products or infrastructure utilized by our operations, unauthorized release of proprietary, commercially sensitive, confidential or otherwise protected information, the corruption of data, significant health and safety consequences, environmental damage, loss of intellectual property, fines and litigation, damage to our reputation or financial losses from remedial actions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flow, results of operations and financial condition. We have experienced targeted and non-targeted cybersecurity incidents in the past and may experience them in the future. While these cybersecurity incidents did not result in any material loss to us or interrupt our day-to-day operations, there can be no assurance that we will not experience any such losses in the future. Given the unpredictability of the timing and the evolving nature and scope of information technology disruptions, the various procedures and controls we use to monitor and protect against these threats and to mitigate our potential risks to such threats may not be sufficient in preventing cybersecurity incidents from materializing. Further, as cybersecurity threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities to cybersecurity threats. We could also be adversely affected by system or network disruptions if new or upgraded information technology systems are defective, not installed properly or not properly integrated into our operations. Various measures have been implemented to manage our risks related to system implementation and modification, but system modification failures could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations and could, if not successfully implemented, adversely impact the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. Our operations are subject to complex, evolving and increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations. Compliance with environmental regulatory requirements involves significant costs and may constrain existing operations or expansion opportunities. Our operations, both in the U.S. and internationally, are subject to extensive and complex environmental laws and regulations governing the generation, storage, treatment, transportation and disposal of hazardous substances; solid waste disposal; air emissions; wastewater discharges; remediation, restoration and reclamation of environmental contamination, including mine closures and reclamation; well plug and abandonment requirements; protection of endangered and protected species and designation of critical habitats; and other related matters.