The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have negatively affected how we and our customers are operating our businesses, leading to reduced consumer spending and disruptions in supply chains and business operations. Our operations may be further negatively affected by external factors related to the pandemic that are not within our control. We continue to expand the pursuit of our decision management strategy, which aims to automate and improve decisions across enterprises through a flexible, extensible, and cloud-native platform approach. This strategy is designed to enable us to increase our business by selling multiple connectable and extensible decision management products to clients. Our strategy may experience volatility in revenues and operating results due to various factors, including the timing of investments necessary to develop and operate our cloud-based offerings. Our revenues depend significantly on conditions in the banking industry, which has been adversely affected by economic uncertainty. We have generated most of our revenue growth from our bankcard-related scoring and account management businesses by selling and cross-selling our products to large banks and other credit issuers. The potential for stress and disruptions in the banking industry presents considerable risks to our business and operations, including potential bankruptcies or credit deterioration of financial institutions that are our customers. We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from a small number of products and services, and if the market does not continue to accept these products, our revenues will decline. Our business requires that we develop or obtain a reliable source of sufficient amounts of current and statistically relevant data to analyze transactions and update our products. Our decision management strategy depends on our ability to access new forms of data to develop custom and proprietary analytic tools. If we fail to maintain sufficient data sourcing relationships with our customers and business partners, or if they decline to provide such data, our products might become less effective. We have also experienced delays in developing and introducing new products due to difficulties in acquiring data and adapting to particular operating environments. Our growth and the success of our strategy depend upon our ability to develop and sell new products or suites of products, including cloud-based offerings. If we are unable to develop new products or if we experience defects or delays, our business could suffer. The complexity of our products requires highly trained personnel for research and development and to assist customers with product installation and support. The labor market for these individuals is competitive, and we have experienced difficulty in recruiting qualified personnel. Our success depends on our ability to innovate by developing new technologies and effectively using third-party technologies. We are subject to various legal and regulatory risks that may expose us to liability and affect our ability to compete in certain markets. Our cybersecurity measures are critical, as breaches could damage our reputation and lead to significant liabilities. The operational flexibility and strong balance sheet have allowed us to manage through the initial impact of COVID-19 while protecting our cash flow and liquidity, but we remain uncertain about the long-term effects of the pandemic on our business.