The company has continued to prioritize investments in solutions that help address the needs of its clients in order to increase the company's potential to resume strong revenue growth following the pandemic. In response to COVID-19, the company is managing discretionary expenses, including accelerating automation and functional alignment across the organization. The company has moved approximately 73% of its server compute to its cloud located in strategic data centers, with a goal to increase that percentage to 80% by the end of 2021, enhancing security for clients' data and increasing the flexibility and speed of solution delivery. The company continues to invest in modernization, innovation, and integrated solutions and services to meet market demands and compete with global banks and technology providers. The internal efforts in research and development activities focus on the modernization of proprietary core systems, design and development of next-generation digital solutions, and development of processing systems and related software applications. The company has established the position of chief growth officer to prioritize development and investment in new solutions, including fintech venture opportunities. The company believes that payment processors with scalable, integrated business models and broad distribution capabilities will be best positioned to enable emerging alternative electronic payment technologies. The company has made strategic investments in information security to protect its clients and information systems, including capital expenditures and operating expenses related to hardware, software, personnel, and consulting services. The company has developed fraud, security, risk management, and compliance solutions to target growth opportunities in the financial services industry. The company has experienced a slowdown in customer decision-making on sales and implementation of solutions, as well as on software licenses and professional services, due largely to client caution. The company recognizes that the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic may temporarily slow future revenue growth and has taken actions to protect its employees while maintaining business continuity. The company continues to assist financial institutions in migrating to outsourced integrated technology solutions to improve profitability and address ongoing regulatory requirements. The company's integrated solutions and outsourced services are well-positioned to address the outsourcing trend across the markets it serves. The company has also seen demand for innovative solutions in the payments market that will deliver faster, more convenient payment solutions in mobile channels, internet applications, and cards. The company believes that these market changes present both an opportunity and a risk, and it cannot predict which emerging technologies or solutions will be successful. The company remains focused on making strategic investments in information security and compliance to mitigate risks related to cybersecurity threats and to enhance its operational capabilities. The company's ability to adapt to changes in technology and marketplace demands is critical for maintaining its competitive position and ensuring continued client satisfaction.