In 2020, revenue was impacted by lower information technology (IT) services volume in our technologies segment, driven by the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The technologies segment's operating margin decreased due to COVID-related disruptions in our IT services business, including customer reimbursement of idle workforce cost at zero fee and a loss recognized on a contract with a non-U.S. customer from schedule delays caused by COVID travel restrictions. The reorganization of our information technology and mission systems operating segments into a single technologies segment reflects our evolving strategic focus on the combined capabilities of the businesses to meet customer demand for large-scale, end-to-end highly engineered solutions. We design and manage IT systems and products that contain IT systems for various customers, facing the same security threats for these systems as for our internal systems. We maintain information security staff, policies, and procedures for managing risk to our information systems, and conduct employee training on cybersecurity to mitigate persistent and continuously evolving cybersecurity threats. Our ability to perform our obligations may be materially adversely affected if one or more of our suppliers is unable to provide the agreed-upon materials, perform the agreed-upon services in a timely and cost-effective manner, or engages in misconduct or other improper activities. Our future success depends in part on our ability to develop new products and technologies and maintain a qualified workforce to meet the needs of our customers. Many of the products and services we provide involve sophisticated technologies and engineering, with related complex manufacturing and system-integration processes. Our customers' requirements change and evolve regularly, and our future performance depends in part on our ability to continue to develop, manufacture, and provide innovative products and services and bring those offerings to market quickly at cost-effective prices. The technologies segment's results of operations for 2019 compared with 2018 can be obtained from the discussions of the former information technology and mission systems operating segments. We expect the technologies segment's 2021 revenue to be approximately $13.2 billion with an operating margin of around 9.5%. The technologies segment's operating performance steadily improved in the second half of 2020 with a reduced impact from the pandemic. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. Cybersecurity threats, including threats to our IT infrastructure and attempts to gain access to our proprietary or classified information, pose significant risks. We have experienced cybersecurity threats such as viruses and attacks targeting our IT systems, and while prior events have not had a material impact on our financial condition, future threats could disrupt our operations and impact our results of operations materially. Our IT capability has become a key in transforming a firm into a competitive force, underscoring the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities.