The covid-19 pandemic has impacted global economies, resulting in workforce and travel restrictions, supply chain and production disruptions and reduced demand and spending across many sectors. This has had a material adverse impact on our operations and financial performance, as well as on the operations and financial performance of many of the customers and suppliers in industries that we serve. We adopted operational and governance rhythms across the company to coordinate and oversee actions related to the pandemic, including an internal task force to protect the health and safety of our employees globally and maintain business continuity; the assessment of financial and operating impacts, financial planning and mitigating cost, cash, and other actions in response; funding and liquidity management and related treasury actions; enterprise risk management and other functional activities across our global commercial, supply chain, human resources, controllership, government affairs, and other organizations. We executed more than $2 billion in operational cost reduction and more than $3 billion in cash preservation actions across the company, including more than $1 billion in operational cost reduction and more than $2 billion in cash preservation actions at aviation, to right-size its cost structure and preserve its ability to serve customers. The pandemic has had and continues to have a material adverse effect on the global airline industry, resulting in reduced flight schedules worldwide, an increased number of idle aircraft, lower utilization, workforce reductions and declining financial performance within the airline industry. Our healthcare segment experienced increased demand for certain types of products and services, including ventilators, monitoring solutions, x-ray, anesthesia and point-of-care ultrasound product lines, partially offset by decreased demand in other parts of the business as patients have postponed certain procedures and hospitals have deferred spending. We continue to invest in new product development, such as our ha-turbines, and upgrades as these are critical to our customers and the long-term strategy of the business. Our ability to close transactions, particularly services parts & upgrades, has been impacted by constrained customer budgets and access to financing due to oil prices and economic slowdown, especially in gas power. The global businesses for aircraft jet engines, maintenance, component repair and overhaul services are highly competitive. Product development cycles are long and product quality and efficiency are critical to success. Research and development expenditures are important in this business, as are focused intellectual property strategies and protection of key aircraft engine design, manufacture, repair and product upgrade technologies. We have organized the businesses within our power segment into gas power and power portfolio. Gas power offers a wide spectrum of heavy-duty and aeroderivative gas turbines for utilities, independent power producers and numerous industrial applications, ranging from small, mobile power to utility scale power plants. We believe that our consolidated liquidity and availability under our revolving credit facilities will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs. We are continuing to evaluate strategic options to accelerate the further reduction in the size of ge capital, some of which could result in material financial charges depending on the timing, negotiated terms and conditions of any ultimate arrangements. We expect to maintain a sufficient liquidity position to fund our insurance obligations and debt maturities.