We are dependent on information technology systems, infrastructure and data, including our kite konnect platform, which is critical to maintain chain of identity and chain of custody of yescarta. The multitude and complexity of our computer systems make them inherently vulnerable to service interruption or destruction, malicious intrusion and random attack. Likewise, data privacy or security breaches by employees or others pose a risk that sensitive data, including our intellectual property or trade secrets or the personal information of our employees, patients, customers or other business partners may be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. Cyberattacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication and intensity, including during the pandemic. Cyberattacks include, for example, the deployment of harmful malware, denial-of-service, social engineering and other means to affect service reliability and threaten data confidentiality, integrity and availability. Our business and technology partners face similar risks and any security breach of their systems could adversely affect our security posture. There can be no assurance that our efforts, or the efforts of our partners and vendors, to invest in the protection of information technology infrastructure and data will prevent future service interruptions or identify breaches in our systems. Such interruptions or breaches could cause the loss of critical or sensitive information, including personal information. In addition, our insurance may not be sufficient in type or amount to cover the losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems. Regulators globally are also imposing new data privacy and security requirements, including new and greater monetary fines for privacy violations. For example, the general data protection regulation ("gdpr") that became effective in Europe in 2018 established regulations regarding the handling of personal data, and non-compliance with the gdpr may result in monetary penalties of up to four percent of worldwide revenue. In addition, new domestic data privacy and security laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act ("ccpa") that became effective in January 2020, and others that may be passed, similarly introduce requirements with respect to personal information, and non-compliance with ccpa may result in liability through private actions and enforcement. The gdpr, ccpa and other changes, or new laws or regulations associated with the enhanced protection of personal information, including in some cases healthcare data or other personal information, could greatly increase our cost of providing our products and services or even prevent us from offering certain services in jurisdictions in which we operate. We depend on relationships with third parties for sales and marketing performance, technology, development, logistics and commercialization of products. Failure to maintain these relationships, poor performance by these companies or disputes with these third parties could negatively impact our business. We rely on a number of collaborative relationships with third parties for our sales and marketing performance in certain territories. Some of these relationships also involve the clinical development of these products by our partners. Reliance on collaborative relationships poses a number of risks, including the risk that we are unable to control the resources our corporate partners devote to our programs or products; disputes may arise with respect to the ownership of rights to technology developed with our corporate partners; disagreements with our corporate partners could cause delays in, or termination of, the research, development or commercialization of product candidates or result in litigation or arbitration; contracts with our corporate partners may fail to provide significant protection or may fail to be effectively enforced if one of these partners fails to perform; and our corporate partners have considerable discretion in electing whether to pursue the development of any additional products and may pursue alternative technologies or products either on their own or in collaboration with our competitors.