We operate in a highly competitive industry that has excess manufacturing capacity, and attempts by our competitors to sell more vehicles could have a significant negative effect on our vehicle pricing, market share and operating results. Our long-term strategy is dependent upon our ability to deliver a broad portfolio of electric vehicles that will drive consumer adoption. The production and profitable sale of electric vehicles has become increasingly important to our long-term business as we accelerate our transition to an all-electric future. Our electric vehicle strategy is dependent on our ability to deliver a broad portfolio of electric vehicles; reduce the costs associated with the manufacture of electric vehicles; increase vehicle range and the energy density of our batteries; license and monetize our proprietary platforms; develop new software and services; and leverage our scale, manufacturing capabilities and synergies with existing internal combustion engine vehicles. Our autonomous vehicle strategy is dependent upon our ability to successfully mitigate unique technological, operational, and regulatory risks. We face risks related to the commercial deployment of autonomous vehicles on our targeted timeline or at all, including consumer acceptance, achievement of adequate safety and other performance standards and compliance with uncertain, evolving and potentially conflicting federal and state or provincial regulations. Our ability to maintain profitability is dependent upon our ability to timely fund and introduce new and improved vehicle models, including electric vehicles, that are able to attract a sufficient number of consumers. We believe that the automotive industry will continue to experience significant change in the coming years, particularly as traditional automotive original equipment manufacturers shift resources to the development of electric vehicles. Industry participants are disrupting the historic business model of our industry through the introduction of new technologies, products, services, direct-to-consumer sales channels, methods of transportation and vehicle ownership. Our ability to successfully execute our long-term strategy requires extensive capital investment and the ability to retain and recruit the best talent. We are subject to legal proceedings involving various issues, including product liability lawsuits, class action litigations alleging product defects, emissions litigation, and governmental proceedings and investigations. We rely upon information technology systems and manufacture networked products, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of our business processes, activities and products. The secure operation of these systems and products, and the processing and maintenance of the information processed by these systems and products, is critical to our business operations and strategy. Despite security measures and business continuity plans, these systems and products may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions or shutdowns caused by attacks by hackers, computer viruses, malware, phishing attacks or breaches due to errors or malfeasance by employees, contractors and others who have access to these systems and products. The occurrence of any of these events could compromise the confidentiality, operational integrity and accessibility of these systems and products and the data that resides within them. We continue to monitor and evaluate opportunities to strengthen our competitive position over the long term while maintaining a strong investment-grade balance sheet. Our strategy includes product leadership in electric vehicles and autonomous vehicles, continued leadership in trucks and SUVs, and developing and monetizing new software and services. The extent of the impact of COVID-19 on our liquidity will depend upon, among other things, the duration and severity of the outbreak or subsequent outbreaks, related government responses, the pace of recovery of economic activity and the impact to consumers, the effectiveness of available vaccines and any potential supply disruptions.