Our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a very large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex and occur at high volumes and frequencies, across numerous and diverse markets in many currencies. The use of computing devices and phones is critical to the work done by our employees and the operation of our systems and businesses and those of our clients and our third-party service providers and vendors. We must continuously update these systems to support our operations and growth and to respond to changes in regulations and markets, and invest heavily in systemic controls and training to pursue our objective of ensuring that such transactions do not violate applicable rules and regulations or, due to errors in processing such transactions, adversely affect markets, our clients and counterparties or us. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks and those of our vendors. We are regularly the target of attempted cyber attacks, including denial-of-service attacks, and must continuously monitor and develop our systems to protect the integrity and functionality of our technology infrastructure and access to and the security of our data. Our risk management process seeks to balance our ability to profit from market-making, investing or lending positions, and underwriting activities, with our exposure to potential losses. We believe that effective risk management is critical to our success. Our risk management governance starts with the board, which oversees our risk management policies and practices implemented through the enterprise risk management framework. The board is also responsible for the annual review and approval of our risk appetite statement. We apply a rigorous framework of limits and thresholds to control and monitor risk across transactions, products, businesses and markets. Our liquidity risk management policies are designed to ensure we have a sufficient amount of financing, even when funding markets experience persistent stress. We manage the maturities and diversity of our funding across markets, products and counterparties, and seek to maintain a diversified funding profile with an appropriate tenor, taking into consideration the characteristics and liquidity profile of our assets. We have established policies that require all employees to report and escalate operational risk events. Our approach for risk identification and assessment is comprehensive across all risk types, is dynamic and forward-looking to reflect and adapt to our changing risk profile and business environment, leverages subject matter expertise, and allows for prioritization of our most critical risks. We have developed and pursued new business and strategic initiatives, and expect to continue to do so. If and to the extent we are unable to successfully execute those initiatives, we may incur unanticipated costs and losses, and face other adverse consequences, such as negative reputational effects. Our strategy with respect to Brexit may not be effective. We face enhanced risks as new business initiatives and acquisitions lead us to engage in new activities, operate in new locations, transact with a broader array of clients and counterparties and expose us to new asset classes and new markets. Our strategy with respect to digital transformation includes significant investments in technology and human capital resources in connection with our consumer-oriented activities. We have increased and intend to further increase our consumer-oriented deposit-taking and lending activities. The growth of electronic trading and the introduction of new trading technology has increased competition. Technology is fundamental to our business and our industry. The financial services industry is highly competitive, and we expect them to remain so.