Grainger's ability to effectively compete requires the company to respond and adapt to new industry trends and developments. Implementing new technology and innovations may result in unexpected costs and interruptions to operations, may take longer than expected, and may not provide all anticipated benefits. The proper functioning of Grainger's information systems is critical to the successful operation of its business. Grainger continues to invest in software, hardware, and network infrastructures in order to effectively manage its information systems. Although Grainger's information systems are protected with robust backup and security systems, including physical and software safeguards and remote processing capabilities, information systems are still vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural or human-induced disasters, extreme weather, power losses, telecommunication failures, user error, third-party actions such as malicious computer programs, denial-of-service attacks, and cybersecurity breaches. Grainger relies on the information technology (IT) systems of third parties to assist in conducting its business. If Grainger's systems or those of third parties on which Grainger depends are damaged, breached, or cease to function properly, Grainger may have to make a significant investment to repair or replace them and may suffer interruptions in its business operations in the interim. If critical information systems fail or otherwise become unavailable, Grainger's ability to operate its e-commerce platforms, process orders, maintain proper levels of inventories, collect accounts receivable, disburse funds, manage its supply chain, monitor results of operations, and process and store employee or customer data, among other functions, could be adversely affected. Any such interruption of Grainger's information systems could have a material adverse effect on its business or results of operations. Cybersecurity incidents, including breaches of information systems security, could damage Grainger's reputation, disrupt operations, increase costs, and/or decrease revenues. Grainger's IT infrastructure also includes products and services provided by suppliers, vendors, and other third parties, and these providers can experience breaches of their systems and products that impact the security of systems and proprietary or confidential information. Grainger maintains information security staff, policies, and procedures for managing risk to its information security systems, conducts employee awareness training of cybersecurity threats, and routinely utilizes consultants to assist in evaluating the effectiveness of the security of its IT systems. Grainger's ability to adequately protect its intellectual property or successfully defend against infringement claims by others may have an adverse impact on operations. Grainger's business relies on the use, validity, and continued protection of certain proprietary information and intellectual property, which includes current and future patents, trade secrets, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, and confidentiality agreements. The company continuously evaluates the need to upgrade and/or replace its systems and network infrastructure to protect its computing environment, to stay current on vendor-supported products, and to improve the efficiency of its systems. The implementation of new systems and IT could adversely impact its operations by imposing substantial capital expenditures, demands on management time, and risks of delays or difficulties in transitioning to new systems. Grainger's strategic priority includes investing in digital marketing, technology, and supply chain infrastructure to ultimately deliver long-term returns for shareholders.