The performance of our information systems is critical to our business operations. Our information systems are essential to a number of critical areas of our operations, including accounting and financial reporting, billing and collecting accounts, coding and compliance, clinical systems and medical devices, medical records and document storage, inventory management, negotiating, pricing and administering managed care contracts and supply contracts, and monitoring quality of care and collecting data on quality measures necessary for full Medicare payment updates. We have made significant investments in technology to adopt and meaningfully use electronic health records (EHR) and in the use of medical devices that store sensitive data and are integral to the provision of patient care. We have implemented multiple layers of security measures to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of this data and the systems and devices that store and transmit such data. The secure maintenance of this information and technology is critical to our business operations. Our management is focused on mitigating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, which has required and will continue to require a substantial investment of time and resources across our enterprise, which may impact our ability to properly prioritize and successfully execute on the company's other strategic initiatives. We believe there is significant opportunity to continue to grow our company by fully leveraging the scale and scope of our organization. We continue to invest in initiatives such as care navigators, clinical data exchange, and centralized patient transfer operations, which will enable us to improve coordination of care and patient retention across our markets. We routinely analyze operational practices from our best-performing hospitals to identify ways to implement organization-wide performance improvements and reduce clinical variation. The COVID-19 pandemic has led to a general worsening of economic conditions, which may impact our service mix, revenue mix, payer mix, and patient volumes, as well as our ability to collect outstanding receivables. Our ability to maintain or increase patient volumes covered by private third-party payers and to maintain and obtain favorable contracts with private third-party payers significantly affects the revenues and operating results of our facilities. The ongoing trend toward consolidation among payers tends to increase their bargaining power over fee structures. We are subject to significant competition for patients from other hospitals and health care providers, which has intensified in recent years. The health care business is highly competitive, and competition among hospitals and other health care providers for patients has intensified in recent years. We depend on the quality and dedication of the health care providers and other team members who serve at our facilities. Our continued investment in the employment, recruitment, and retention of physicians will improve the quality of care at our facilities. We believe that our ability to successfully recruit and strategically collaborate with physicians and other professionals to provide high-quality care is a critical component of our growth strategy. Our facilities have entered into agreements with third-party payers, including government programs and managed care health plans, under which the facilities are paid based upon the cost of providing services, predetermined rates per diagnosis, fixed per diem rates, or discounts from gross charges. The estimated cost of total uncompensated care declined, reflecting our ongoing efforts to manage our resources effectively in a challenging environment.