Our ability to be competitive on delivery and pickup times, options, and costs depends on many factors, including the success of our investments in one supply chain and the one home depot experience. We have been substantially increasing our investments to create the one home depot experience, including significant investments over several years to build one supply chain. These investments are designed to streamline our operations to allow our associates to continue to provide high-quality service to our customers; simplify customer interactions; provide our customers with a more interconnected shopping experience; and create the fastest, most efficient delivery network for home improvement products. Failure to choose the right investments and implement them in the right manner and at the right pace could disrupt our operations. Creating the one home depot experience requires significant investment in our operations and information technology systems, as well as the development and execution of new processes, systems, and support. We rely extensively on information technology systems and related personnel to collect, analyze, process, store, manage, and protect transactions and data. We also rely heavily on the integrity of, security of, and consistent access to, this operational and financial data for information such as sales, customer data, associate data, demand forecasting, merchandise ordering, inventory replenishment, supply chain management, payment processing, order fulfillment, customer service, and post-purchase matters. For these information technology systems, applications, and processes to operate effectively, we or our service providers must maintain and update them. Delays in the maintenance, updates, upgrading, or patching of these systems, applications, or processes could impair their effectiveness or expose us to security risks. Our systems and the third-party systems with which we interact are subject to and on occasion have experienced damage or interruption from a number of causes, including power and other critical infrastructure outages; computer and telecommunications failures; computer viruses; security breaches; internal or external data theft or misuse; cyber-attacks; and other systems outages. We have implemented and regularly review and update our systems, processes, and procedures to protect against unauthorized access to or use of data and to prevent data loss. However, the ever-evolving threats mean we and our third-party service providers must continually evaluate and adapt our respective systems and processes and overall security environment. We are currently making, and expect to continue to make, substantial investments in our information technology systems, infrastructure, and personnel, in certain cases with the assistance of strategic partners and other third-party service providers. These investments involve replacing existing systems, some of which are older, legacy systems that are less flexible and efficient, with successor systems; outsourcing certain technology to third-party service providers; making changes to existing systems, including the migration of applications to the cloud; or designing or cost-effectively acquiring new systems with new functionality. Disruptions in our customer-facing technology systems could impair our interconnected retail strategy and give rise to negative customer experiences. We continually seek to enhance all of our online and digital properties to provide an attractive, user-friendly interface for our customers. Disruptions, delays, failures, or other performance issues with these customer-facing technology systems, or a failure of these systems to meet our or our customers' expectations, could impair the benefits that they provide to our business and negatively affect our relationship with our customers.