IBM has been moving into areas that incorporate or utilize hybrid cloud, artificial intelligence, blockchain, IoT, quantum, and other disruptive technologies, in which it can differentiate itself through responsible innovation, by leveraging its investments in R&D and attracting a successful developer ecosystem. If IBM is unable to continue its cutting-edge innovation in a highly competitive and rapidly evolving environment or is unable to commercialize such innovations, expand and scale them with sufficient speed and versatility, or attract a successful developer ecosystem, the company could fail in its ongoing efforts to maintain and increase its market share and profit margins. The company continues to invest significantly in key strategic areas to drive revenue growth and market share gains. If the company does not adequately and timely anticipate and respond to changes in customer and market preferences, competitive actions, emerging business models, and ecosystems, the client demand for our products or services may decline or IBM's costs may increase. The company's ability to protect its intellectual property could also be impacted by changes to existing laws, legal principles, and regulations governing intellectual property, including the ownership and protection of patents. The company seeks to drive greater agility, productivity, flexibility, and cost savings by continuously transforming with the use of automation, artificial intelligence, agile processes, and changes to the ways of working, while also enabling the scaling of resources, offerings, and investments through the company's globally integrated model across both emerging and more established markets. These various initiatives may not yield their intended gains in speed, quality, productivity, and enablement of rapid scaling, which may impact the company's competitiveness and its ability to meet its growth and productivity objectives. The company's internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. Cybersecurity and privacy considerations could impact the company's business, as there are numerous and evolving risks to cybersecurity and privacy, including risks originating from intentional acts of criminal hackers and unintentional acts of customers, contractors, business partners, vendors, employees, and other third parties. The company is at risk of security breaches not only of its own products, services, systems, and networks but also those of customers, contractors, business partners, vendors, employees, and other third parties. Cyber threats are continually evolving, making it difficult to defend against such threats and vulnerabilities that can persist undetected over extended periods of time. The company's reliance on data grows, and the potential impact of regulations on the company's business, risks, and reputation will grow accordingly. The enactment and expansion of data protection and privacy laws and regulations around the globe will continue to result in increased compliance costs and risks. The company is subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations concerning the discharge of materials into the environment or otherwise related to environmental protection. The company could incur substantial costs, including cleanup costs, fines, and civil or criminal sanctions, as well as third-party claims for property damage or personal injury, if it were to violate or become liable under environmental laws and regulations. The company's ability to manage its business operations is dependent upon its ability to manage these risks successfully.