We are at the forefront of developing new technologies and products as building blocks for an increasingly smart and connected world. These technologies and products are used as integrated solutions for a broad spectrum of markets. Our end-to-end product portfolio offers innovative solutions that scale from edge computing to the network, the cloud, and the emerging fields of AI and autonomous driving. Our products, such as our gaming CPUs, may be sold directly to end consumers, or they may be further integrated by our customers into end products such as notebooks and storage servers. Combining some of these products, for example, integrating FPGAs and memory with Intel Xeon processors in a data-center solution, enables incremental synergistic value and performance. We introduced new products in 2020 such as 10nm-based 11th Gen Intel Core processors, 3rd Gen Intel Xeon Scalable processors, and Intel Optane DC Persistent Memory 200 series. Our platform products can be a CPU and chipset, an SoC, or a multichip package based on Intel architecture that processes data and controls other devices in a system. Our customers' success is our obsession. We are committed to delivering a portfolio of the best quality products, performance, and experiences to enable our customers to solve the world's most challenging problems. Our data-centric businesses experienced growth driven by cloud service providers increasing capacity to serve customer demand, while the enterprise and government market segment declined due to COVID-related demand impacts. We have significant opportunities in cloud, networking, AI, and data analytics. Our internet of things portfolio is comprised of our IoTG and Mobileye businesses. IoTG develops high-performance compute platforms that solve for technology and business use cases that can scale across vertical industries and embedded markets. We reduce complexity in the ecosystem with a common architecture and software to help enable our customers to create, store, and process data at the edge to analyze it faster and to act on it sooner. The acceleration of data creation across industries requires high-performance compute at the edge built with AI and edge-native functionality. The value unlocked through distributed intelligence is helping companies accelerate their digital transformation to meet customer needs. We are transforming manufacturing today and expanding on what is possible for tomorrow's autonomous operations. We are driving the realization of Industry 4.0 and, together with our partners, addressing industry challenges like the convergence of information technology and operational technology and bringing AI and analytics to operations. Our strategy is to continue to serve this market to unlock business opportunities for our partners and customers. The future of technology is being shaped by the rise of several technology inflections, including the levels of efficiency and scale that cloud architectures brought to the data center, which are now being extended to the network and edge. AI is fundamental and becoming pervasive in all applications, enabling customers to leverage the power of data. Data centers will go through a massive architectural transformation in the coming years, leveraging heterogeneous computing with different types of processor architectures optimized for different workloads. We are uniquely positioned to unlock the value of data for people, business, and society on a global scale.