The company relies on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including procurement, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection. If the company is unable to protect its information technology infrastructure against service interruptions, data corruption, cyber-based attacks or network security breaches, or if there is a violation of data privacy laws, there could be a negative impact on operating results or the company may suffer financial or reputational damage. The company's decentralized operating structure allows individual businesses significant decision-making autonomy within the company's strategic framework and internal financial and compliance controls. The company has sought to implement a differentiated strategy to manage through the pandemic, including a focus on thoughtful cost management and continued investment in areas of strategic importance in order to maintain optionality and fully participate in the recovery phase. The company has implemented numerous actions to focus on the needs of its colleagues and customers, such as redesigning production processes and adjusting shift schedules. The company’s enterprise strategy initiatives remain focused on core principles of portfolio discipline, 80/20 front-to-back practice excellence, and organic growth. The 80/20 front-to-back process is a rigorous, iterative and highly data-driven approach to identify where the company has true differentiation and the ability to drive sustainable, high-quality organic growth. The company continues to drive 80/20 front-to-back practice excellence in every division, which will produce further customer-facing performance improvement and additional structural margin expansion at the enterprise level. The company has made considerable progress to position itself to reach full potential, with a focus on leveraging the performance power of the ITW business model to achieve full-potential organic growth in every division. The company’s ability to develop new products based on innovation can affect its competitive position and sometimes requires the investment of significant time and resources. The company’s intellectual property rights may be challenged or infringed upon by third parties, particularly in countries where property rights are not highly developed or protected. The company’s businesses are impacted by economic conditions around the globe, and downturns in the markets served could adversely affect its businesses, results of operations or financial condition. The company has significant goodwill and other intangible assets, and future impairment of these assets could have a material adverse impact on the company's financial results. The company has recorded significant goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets on its balance sheet as a result of acquisitions, and a number of factors may result in impairments to these assets, including significant negative industry or economic trends, disruptions to business, increased competition and significant changes in the use of the assets. The company has been able to procure the critical raw materials and components necessary to continue production, but there is no guarantee that it will be able to do so in the future. The company’s results are impacted by global economic conditions, and the ultimate significance of the COVID-19 pandemic on its business will depend on events that are beyond its control. The company has sought to implement a differentiated strategy to manage through the pandemic, including a focus on thoughtful cost management and continued investment in areas of strategic importance in order to maintain optionality and fully participate in the recovery phase.