The company relies on both internal technology (IT) systems and networks, and those of third parties and their vendors, to process and store sensitive data, including confidential research, business plans, financial information, intellectual property, and personal data that may be subject to legal protection, and ensure the continuity of the company's supply chain. The extensive information security and cybersecurity threats, which affect companies globally, pose a risk to the security and availability of these systems and networks, and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the company's sensitive data. The company continually assesses these threats and makes investments to increase internal protection, detection, and response capabilities, as well as ensure the company's third-party providers have required capabilities and controls, to address this risk. An information security incident, including a cybersecurity breach, could have a negative impact on the company's business or reputation. The company has robust business continuity plans in place across its global supply chain network to help mitigate the impact of COVID-19, which emphasizes the importance of operational flexibility and technology deployment in response to changing business needs and directions. The company's businesses operate in highly competitive product markets, and competitive pressures could adversely affect the company's earnings. The company faces substantial competition in all three operating segments and in all geographic markets, competing on the basis of cost-effectiveness, technological innovations, product performance, and the ability to secure rights to acquisitions, collaborations, and licensing agreements with third parties. The development of new and innovative products, as well as protecting the underlying intellectual property of the company's product portfolio, is important to the company's success in all areas of its business. The company invests significantly in research and development, with $12.2 billion allocated in 2020, reflecting management's commitment to create life-enhancing innovations and to create value through partnerships. The company is committed to leveraging its extensive resources across the enterprise to innovate and execute with excellence, ensuring it remains focused on addressing the unmet needs of society and investing for an enduring impact. The company's strategic management practices involve evaluating market conditions for products or groups of products primarily through the analysis of wholesaler and other third-party sell-through and market research data, as well as internally generated information. The company also faces uncertainties related to its efforts to develop a COVID-19 vaccine candidate, including risks associated with clinical trial data and the ability to create or scale up manufacturing capacity on a timely basis. The reliance on third parties for manufacturing certain products introduces risks associated with regulatory compliance, quality assurance, and potential disruptions that could adversely affect the company's business. The company has established a strategic partnership with third-party manufacturers to ensure adequate capacity and quality, which is critical for maintaining operational efficiency and meeting consumer demands. The company's ability to recruit and retain talented employees and a diverse workforce is essential for developing and delivering successful products and services, underscoring the importance of internal capabilities and organizational effectiveness in achieving business objectives.