Our information technology systems, some of which are dependent on services provided by third parties, serve an important role in the efficient and effective operation and administration of our business. Cyber-attacks, privacy breaches, data breaches, or a failure of key information technology systems could disrupt our business operations and cause us financial and reputational damage. Increased cyber-security threats and computer crime pose a potential risk to the security of our information technology systems, including those of third-party service providers with whom we have contracted, as well as the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the data stored on those systems. Any breach in our information technology security systems could result in the disclosure or misuse of confidential or proprietary information, including sensitive customer, supplier, employee, or investor information maintained in the ordinary course of our business. Our ability to manufacture, distribute, and sell products is critical to our operations. These activities are subject to inherent risks such as natural disasters, power outages, fires or explosions, labor strikes, terrorism, epidemics, pandemics, import restrictions, and governmental regulatory requirements or nongovernmental voluntary actions in response to global climate change or other concerns regarding the sustainability of our business, which could disrupt our supply chain and impair our ability to manufacture or sell our products. Disruptions or delays at third-party manufacturers or service providers could adversely impact our operations, sales, payments to our suppliers, employees, and others, and our ability to report financial and management information on a timely and accurate basis. Our strategy includes operations growth outside the U.S., especially in developing markets, and our results may be substantially affected by a number of foreign market risks. We continue to implement plans to improve our competitive position by achieving cost reductions in our operations, including implementing restructuring programs in functions or areas of our business where we believe such opportunities exist. Our growth strategy is built on two pillars: elevate our core business and accelerate growth in developing and emerging markets. Both strategies are enabled by our focus on accelerating and investing in our commercial capabilities through digital marketing, revenue growth management, consumer-inspired innovation, and strong in-market execution. Our capital allocation strategy is consistent with our historical approach of disciplined capital spending, payment of a top-tier dividend, evaluation of acquisition opportunities, and allocation of excess cash flow to share repurchases. The risk of cyber-based attacks is heightened with many of our employees working and accessing our technology infrastructure remotely as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. While we have contingency plans in place to prevent or mitigate the impact of these events, if they were to occur and our disaster recovery plans do not effectively address the issues on a timely basis, we could suffer interruptions in our ability to manage our operations, which may adversely affect our business and financial results. Our information technology systems are critical for the efficient operation of our business, and any failure in these systems could lead to significant operational disruptions and financial losses.