Our business is increasingly dependent on information technology systems that are complex and vital to continuing operations, resulting in an expansion of our technological presence and corresponding risk exposure. We must anticipate and meet evolving customer preferences and continue to implement technology, software, and processes to be able to conveniently and cost-effectively fulfill customer orders. Providing flexible fulfillment options and implementing new technology is complex and may not meet customer preferences. Digital retailing is rapidly evolving, and we must keep pace with new developments by our competitors as well as the evolving needs and preferences of our customers. Our digital business accelerated significantly during the COVID-19 pandemic, including pickup, delivery, and ship. We must compete by offering a convenient shopping experience for our customers regardless of how they choose to shop with us and by investing in, providing, and maintaining relevant customer-facing apps and interfaces that have the features customers want that are also reliable and easy to use. Our technology systems are vulnerable to disruption from circumstances beyond our control, and we regularly defend against and respond to data security incidents. Cyber-attackers have targeted and accessed, and may in the future again attempt to target and access, information stored in our or our vendors' systems in order to misappropriate confidential customer or business information. Although we have implemented procedures to protect our information, and require our vendors to do the same, we cannot be certain that our security systems will successfully defend against, or be able to effectively respond to, rapidly evolving, increasingly sophisticated cyber-attacks. Our cybersecurity program, continued investment in our information technology systems, and our processes to evaluate and select vendors with reasonable information security controls may not effectively insulate us from potential attacks, data breaches, or disruptions to our business operations, which could result in a loss of customers or business information, negative publicity, damage to our reputation, and exposure to claims from customers, financial institutions, regulatory authorities, payment card associations, associates, and other persons. Data governance failures can adversely affect our reputation and business. Our business depends on our customers' willingness to entrust us with their personal information. Events that adversely affect that trust, including inadequate disclosure to our customers of our uses of their information, failing to keep our information technology systems and our customers' sensitive information secure from significant attack, theft, damage, loss, or unauthorized disclosure or access, could adversely affect our brand and reputation and operating results. Our technology infrastructure supports our operational capabilities, and we are committed to investing in areas of the business that matter most to our customers and deepen our competitive moats to drive sales growth in our retail supermarket business. Our financial strategy is to continue to use our free cash flow to invest in the business to drive long-term sustainable net earnings growth, through the identification of high-return projects that support our strategy. We believe our plans to deepen and strengthen our competitive moats provide a balanced approach that will enable us to meet the wide-ranging needs and expectations of our customers. The nature and extent to which our competitors respond to the evolving and competitive industry by developing and implementing their competitive strategies could adversely affect our profitability. We are continuing to enhance the customer connection with investments in our four competitive moats - seamless, personalization, fresh, and our brands.