The semiconductor capital equipment industry has historically been characterized by rapid changes in demand, which may lead to changes in demand for our equipment and services, negatively impacting our results. The variability in our customers' investments during any particular period is dependent on several factors, including economic conditions, industry supply and demand, and our customers' ability to develop and manufacture increasingly complex semiconductor devices. During periods of rapid growth or decline in demand for our products and services, we face significant challenges in maintaining adequate financial and business controls, management processes, information systems, and procedures for training, assimilating, and managing our workforce. If we do not adequately meet these challenges, our gross margins and earnings may be negatively impacted. Our ability to adapt to the changing business environment is critical; failure to do so may result in a lack of infrastructure and resources to scale up our business to meet customer expectations and compete successfully. We continuously reassess our strategic resource allocation choices in response to the changing business environment. Our success will depend, to a significant extent, on the ability of our executive officers and other members of our senior management to identify and respond to these challenges effectively. We maintain and rely upon certain critical information systems for the effective operation of our business, which include telecommunications, the internet, various computer hardware and software applications, and network communications. These information systems are subject to disruption, breach, or failure from various sources, including unauthorized actions by employees or contractors and third-party attacks. We have experienced cybersecurity threats and incidents in the past, and while they have not resulted in a material adverse effect, we may incur material losses related to cybersecurity threats in the future. Our ability to attract, retain, and motivate key employees with the appropriate skills, experiences, and competencies is critical to our success, as intense competition for top talent can impact our operational capabilities. The emergence of big data and new tools such as machine learning and artificial intelligence is leading semiconductor manufacturers to pursue new products and approaches that exploit those tools to advance technology development. Our future success depends in part upon our ability to develop and offer new products with improved capabilities and to continue to enhance our existing products. We must manage product transitions and joint development relationships successfully, as the introduction of new products could adversely affect our sales of existing products. Our investments and acquisitions may not be as successful as we expect, particularly if we invest in or acquire product lines and technologies that are new to us. We face significant competition from multiple competitors, and with increased consolidation efforts in our industry, we may face increasing competitive pressures. Our ability to remain competitive requires significant financial resources to offer products that meet our customers' needs and to invest in product and process research and development.