Our business could be materially affected by risks that we have not yet identified or that we currently consider to be immaterial. We experience costly and disruptive legal disputes, which may include asserted class action litigation, and regulatory proceedings might involve allegations such as false claims, healthcare fraud and abuse, and antitrust violations. We are subject to extensive, complex, and challenging healthcare and other laws, and further regulation of our distribution businesses and technology products and services could impose increased costs, negatively impact our profit margins, and delay the introduction or implementation of our new products. Our relationships with pharmaceutical and medical surgical product manufacturers and healthcare providers, as well as our provision of products and services to government entities, subject our business to laws and regulations on fraud and abuse. We are subject to various privacy and data protection laws that change frequently and have requirements that vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Our ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is critical. We rely on sophisticated information systems and networks to perform our business operations, such as to obtain, rapidly process, analyze, and manage data that facilitate the purchase and distribution of thousands of inventory items from distribution centers. We might experience significant problems with information systems or networks, and if those information systems suffer errors, interruptions, or become unavailable, there might be a materially adverse impact on our business operations. We might be impeded in providing customers online services and data access, as our customers rely on their ability to access the systems and their data as needed. The networks and hosting systems are vulnerable to interruption or damage from sources beyond our control, such as power loss, telecommunications failures, fire, natural disasters, software and hardware failures, and cyberattacks. We have implemented a new segment reporting structure that resulted in four reportable segments, which include technology, clinical support, and business solutions to community-based oncology and other specialty practices. The ongoing impacts of the pandemic might cause a general economic slowdown or recession in one or more markets, disruptions and volatility in global capital markets, and other broad and adverse effects on the economy, business conditions, commercial activity, and the healthcare industry. Our growth strategy includes consummating acquisitions or other business combinations that either expand or complement our business. We may not receive regulatory approvals needed to complete proposed transactions, or such approvals may be subject to delays or conditions that reduce transaction benefits. Our ability to attract, engage, develop, and retain qualified and experienced employees, including key executives and other talent, is essential for us to meet our objectives. We compete with many other businesses to attract and retain employees. The occurrence of any of these risks could harm our reputation and might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations. We have a robust business continuity and disaster recovery program and have proactively enhanced our BCRP in response to the COVID-19 pandemic to protect the supply chain to minimize disruption in healthcare, protect our customers, ensure the safety and security of our employees and workplaces, and ensure the continuity of critical business processes.