Moody's ability to conduct business may be materially and adversely impacted by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports its businesses, including the company's electronic delivery systems, data center facilities, or the internet. The company's operations rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential, sensitive, proprietary, and other types of information relating to its business operations and confidential and sensitive information about its customers and employees in the company's computer systems and networks. The company has invested and continues to invest in risk management and information security measures to protect its systems and data, including employee training, disaster plans, and technical defenses. The cost and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining, and enhancing further data or system protection measures could increase significantly to overcome increasingly intense, complex, and sophisticated global cyber threats. The company's reliance on third-party providers, including cloud-based service providers, to provide essential services subjects it to further cyber risks. The company's technology infrastructure must support business growth and strategic initiatives to enhance automation, innovation, and efficiency. The company faces risks related to cybersecurity and the protection of confidential information, as breaches may result in manipulation or corruption of sensitive data, material interruptions in business operations, or compromise the confidentiality and integrity of material information held by the company. The company's ability to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including data protection and privacy laws, is largely dependent on its establishment and maintenance of compliance, review, and reporting systems, as well as its ability to attract and retain qualified compliance and risk management personnel. The company is also exposed to risks from infrastructure malfunctions or failures, which may impair its ability to deliver its products and services. The company's extensive controls to reduce the risk of error inherent in operations cannot eliminate such risk completely. The company's customers depend on the continued capacity, reliability, and security of its telecommunications, data centers, networks, and other electronic delivery systems. Any significant failure, compromise, cyber-breach, interruption, or significant slowdown of operations of the company's infrastructure may impair the company's ability to deliver its products and services. The company's operations are exposed to risks related to the compliance and risk management programs, which may not be fully effective. The company faces increased pricing pressure from competitors and/or customers, and competition for customers and market share has spurred more aggressive tactics by some competitors in areas such as pricing and services. The introduction of competing products, technologies, or services by other companies can negatively impact the nature and economics of the company's business. The ability to develop and successfully launch and maintain innovative products, technologies, and services that anticipate customers' and investors' changing requirements is a key factor in maintaining market share. The company's technology capabilities and infrastructure must be aligned with its strategic goals to ensure operational efficiency and effectiveness. The company regularly evaluates its technology portfolio and investment choices to enhance its capabilities and respond to market dynamics.