Our business performance and growth plans could be negatively affected if we are not able to develop and implement improvements in technology or respond effectively to the threat of digital disruption and other technological change. We depend in large part on our technology systems for conducting business, as well as for providing the data and analytics we use to manage our business. Our business success is dependent on maintaining the effectiveness of existing technology systems and on continuing to develop and enhance technology systems that support our business processes and strategic initiatives in a cost and resource-efficient manner, particularly as our business processes become more digital. We have a number of strategic initiatives involving investments in or partnerships with technology companies as part of our growth strategy, as well as investments in technology and infrastructure to support our own systems. These investments may be costly and require significant capital expenditures, may not be profitable or may be less profitable than what we have experienced historically. In addition, investments in technology systems may not deliver the benefits or perform as expected, or may be replaced or become obsolete more quickly than expected, which could result in operational difficulties or additional costs. We also depend on key vendors and partners to provide technology and other support for our strategic initiatives. If these vendors or partners fail to perform their obligations or otherwise cease to work with us, our ability to execute on our strategic initiatives could be adversely affected. We face risks when we acquire businesses, and the process of integrating the information systems of any businesses we acquire is complex and exposes us to additional risk. Our inability to successfully recover should we experience a disaster or other business continuity or data recovery problem could cause material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm or legal liability. We rely on the efficient, uninterrupted and secure operation of complex information technology systems and networks to operate our business and securely process, transmit and store electronic information. Our information technology systems and safety control systems are potentially vulnerable to unauthorized access, damage or interruption from a variety of external threats, including cyberattacks, computer viruses and other malware. Cyberattacks are increasing in frequency and evolving in nature, and we are at risk of attack by a variety of adversaries through increasingly sophisticated methods of attack. The breadth and complexity of the technologies we use and the software and platforms we develop continue to grow, increasing the potential risk of security breaches and cyber-attacks. We may not be able to protect all of our data across our diverse systems, and our efforts to improve and protect data from compromise may also identify previously undiscovered instances of security breaches or other cyber incidents. The costs to comply with, or our failure to comply with, U.S. and foreign laws related to privacy, data security and data protection could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and our reputation. We leverage systems and applications that are spread all over the world requiring us to regularly move data across national borders, which subjects us to a variety of laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection, data security and cybersecurity. The evolving compliance and operational requirements impose significant costs that are likely to increase over time, may divert resources from other initiatives and projects, and could restrict the way services involving data are offered, all of which may adversely affect our results of operations.