The company employs information technology systems to support its business, including ongoing phased implementation of an enterprise resource planning (ERP) system as part of business transformation on a worldwide basis over the next several years. Security breaches and other disruptions to the company's information technology infrastructure could interfere with the company's operations, compromise information belonging to the company or its customers, suppliers, and employees, exposing the company to liability which could adversely impact the company's business and reputation. In the ordinary course of business, the company relies on centralized and local information technology networks and systems, some of which are provided, hosted or managed by vendors and other third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of businesses. Additionally, the company collects and stores certain data, including proprietary business information, and has access to confidential or personal information in certain of its businesses that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations and customer-imposed controls. Despite the company's cybersecurity and business continuity measures, the company's information technology networks and infrastructure are still potentially vulnerable to the security risks of its vendors and third-party service providers, security breaches, damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to attacks by threat actors including nation-state actors, computer viruses, hardware, software, and system vulnerabilities, ransomware, service or cloud provider disruptions or security breaches, employee error or malfeasance, power outages, telecommunication or utility failures, systems failures, natural disasters or other catastrophic events. The company's increased adoption of remote working, which was driven by the pandemic, may also introduce additional threats to its information technology networks and infrastructure. The company is investing in an initiative called business transformation, with these investments impacting cost of sales, selling, general and administrative expenses, and research and development. Business transformation encompasses the ongoing multi-year phased implementation of an ERP system on a worldwide basis, as well as changes in processes and internal/external service delivery across the company to move to more efficient business models to improve operational efficiency and productivity, while allowing the company to serve customers with greater speed and efficiency. The company continues to monitor discretionary spending and deploy cost control efforts as the situation continues. The company's future results may be affected by its operational execution, including scenarios where the company generates fewer productivity improvements than estimated. The successful execution of its business operating plans is crucial, and the ability to adapt to business model and other changes and agility to respond to customer needs and service expectations are important, which, if not done successfully, could negatively impact the company's ability to win new business and enhance revenue. The company monitors its business portfolio and organizational structure and has made and may continue to make acquisitions, strategic alliances, divestitures and changes to its organizational structure. The company's financial results depend on the successful execution of its business operating plans, and operational challenges, including those related to customer service, pace of change and productivity improvements, could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial conditions and results of operations.