Altria and its subsidiaries rely extensively on information systems, many of which are managed by third-party service providers, to support a variety of business processes and activities, including complying with regulatory, legal, financial reporting and tax requirements; engaging in marketing and e-commerce activities; managing and improving the effectiveness of operations; manufacturing and distributing products; collecting and storing sensitive data and confidential information; and communicating internally and externally with employees, investors, suppliers, trade customers, adult consumers and others. The failure of Altria's information systems or service providers' information systems to function as intended, or cyber-attacks or security breaches, could have a material adverse effect on the business, reputation, consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position of Altria and its subsidiaries. Altria continues to make investments in administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect its information systems and data from cyber-threats, including human error and malicious acts. These safeguards include employee training, testing and auditing protocols, backup systems and business continuity plans, maintenance of security policies and procedures, monitoring of networks and systems, and third-party risk management. To date, interruptions of Altria's information systems have been infrequent and have not had a material impact on operations. However, because technology is increasingly complex and cyber-attacks are increasingly sophisticated and more frequent, there can be no assurance that such incidents will not have a material adverse effect in the future. Altria's critical information technology systems have remained operational, and while the tobacco businesses previously suspended operations temporarily at several manufacturing facilities, the businesses resumed operations at those facilities under enhanced safety protocols. Altria continues to monitor the risks associated with facility disruptions and workforce availability as a result of uncertainty related to the COVID-19 pandemic. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on Altria's operations and those of its investees has been significant, with various challenges related to supply and distribution chains. Altria's suppliers and those within its distribution chain are also subject to government actions that may require the closure of a facility and remote working protocols. Altria has not experienced any material disruptions to its supply chains or distribution systems but continues to monitor these factors. The company has implemented remote working for many employees and aligned with the social distancing protocols recommended by public health authorities. Altria's investment in Juul subjects it to non-competition obligations restricting it from investing or engaging in the e-vapor business other than through Juul, which may affect its strategic capabilities and operational flexibility. The expected benefits of the Juul transaction may not materialize in the expected manner or timeframe due to operational risks, competitive risks, and regulatory and legislative risks at various levels. Altria's ability to implement its strategy of attracting and retaining the best talent may be impaired by the impact of decreasing social acceptance of tobacco usage and tobacco regulation and control actions. The company faces significant competition in its tobacco businesses, and its subsidiaries must continue to promote brand equity successfully, anticipate and respond to new and evolving adult consumer preferences, and develop, manufacture, market, and distribute new and innovative products that appeal to adult consumers. Altria's tobacco subsidiaries and investees may be unsuccessful in developing and commercializing adjacent products or processes, including innovative tobacco products that may reduce health risks, which could adversely affect their ability to grow new revenue streams and put them at a competitive disadvantage.