We rely on the performance of our information technology systems, and the interruption or failure of any information technology system, including an interruption or failure due to a cybersecurity breach, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are heavily dependent on our information technology systems (and those of our third-party business partners, whether cloud-based or hosted on proprietary servers), including our network infrastructure and cloud applications, for the safe and effective operation of our business. We rely on such systems to process, transmit and store electronic information, including financial records and personally identifiable information such as employee, customer, investor and payroll data, and to manage or support a variety of business processes, including our supply chain, pipeline operations, gathering and processing operations, retail sales, credit card payments and authorizations at our retail outlets, financial transactions, banking and numerous other processes and transactions. Our systems and infrastructure are subject to damage or interruption from a number of potential sources including natural disasters, malware, power failures, cyber-attacks and other events. We also face various other cybersecurity threats from criminal hackers and employee malfeasance, including threats to gain unauthorized access to our computer network and systems or render data or systems unusable. Our cybersecurity protections, infrastructure protection technologies, disaster recovery plans and employee training may not be sufficient to defend us against all unauthorized attempts to access our information. Any cybersecurity incident involving our information technology systems or those of our third-party business partners could result in theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation or release of confidential financial and other data, intellectual property, customer awards or loyalty points; give rise to remediation or other expenses; expose us to liability under federal and state laws; reduce our customers' willingness to do business with us; disrupt the services we provide to customers; and subject us to litigation and legal liability under federal and state laws. Any of such results could have a material and adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are committed to positioning our assets so that we are a leader in operational, financial, and sustainability performance and are evaluating the strength and fit of assets in our portfolio. Our goal is that each individual asset generates free-cash-flow back to the business and contributes to shareholder returns. With our investments, we are focused on high returning projects that we believe will enhance the competitiveness of our portfolio, including our investments in sustainable fuels and technologies that lower our carbon intensity as the global energy mix evolves. We are focused on leveraging advantaged raw material selection, new approaches in the commercial space to be more dynamic amidst changing market conditions, and achieving technology improvements to advance our commercial performance. We have experienced certain incidents in the past that could significantly impair our ability to manufacture our products. The inability to operate one or more of our facilities due to any of these events could materially and adversely affect our business. We have incurred and will continue to incur substantial capital, operating and maintenance, and remediation expenditures as a result of environmental laws and regulations. These expenditures could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We expect to continue to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs to meet the requirements of evolving environmental or other laws or regulations.