Our business is dependent on third parties to supply data, applications, and services for our products and services, and we rely on the accuracy and quality of vendor products and the ability and willingness of such suppliers to deliver, support, enhance, and develop new vendor products on a timely and cost-effective basis. Any failures, disruptions, instability, or vulnerabilities in our information technology systems or applications may disrupt our operations, cause our products to be unavailable or fail, and impose delays or additional costs in deploying our products. We depend heavily on the capacity, reliability, and security of our information technology systems and platforms, including our data centers, cloud providers, and other vendors and service providers, to create and deliver our products and service our clients. Our ability to effectively use the internet may also be impaired due to infrastructure failures, service outages, or increased government regulation. The realization of any failures in our information technology architecture could negatively affect our ability to distribute our products effectively and to service our clients, damage our brand and reputation, and result in litigation. We also rely on a complex system of internal processes and software controls along with policies, procedures, and training to protect data that we receive in the ordinary course of business, including sensitive and confidential client data. Successful cyber-attacks and the failure of cyber-security plans, systems, and procedures could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential, sensitive, proprietary, and other types of data and information, and on those of our third-party vendors. Cyber risks, including cyber-attacks, such as phishing scams, hacking, tampering, intrusions, viruses, ransomware, malware, and denial-of-service attacks, are heightened when employees are working remotely. The company may be exposed to more targeted and sophisticated cyber-attacks aimed at accessing certain information on our systems because of our role or prominence in the global marketplace. Any such threats may cause material interruptions or malfunctions in our or our vendors' products or services, networks, systems, websites, applications, data, or data processing, or may otherwise compromise the availability, confidentiality, or integrity of data or information in our possession. We have experienced cyber-attacks of varying degrees in the past, and there can be no assurance that there will not be a material adverse effect in the future. Migration of our applications, systems, processes, and infrastructure to new technologies, cloud providers, data centers, processes, platforms, or applications could result in unanticipated failures, interruptions, or delays in the performance and delivery of our products, services, and client support. Such incidents could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. We rely on open-source code to develop software and to incorporate it into our products, as well as to support our internal systems and infrastructure. The use of open-source code may entail greater risks than the use of third-party commercial software, as open-source licensors generally do not provide warranties or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims, the quality of the code, or the security of the code. Our business strategy includes extending leadership in research-enhanced content across asset classes, enhancing distribution and content-enabling technology, and expanding solutions that empower client customization. We must continue to improve our operational, financial, human resources, management, legal, and compliance processes and information systems to keep pace with the expansion of our business.