We rely extensively on our information systems to manage our business operations. Our products operate both on licensed and unlicensed spectrum, and the availability of additional radio spectrum may provide new business opportunities. Our technology enables voice and multimedia collaborations across different two-way radio, Wi-Fi, or public LTE and private broadband networks. We believe that first responders continue to trust LMR communications because they are purpose-built and designed for reliability, availability, security, and resiliency to withstand the most challenging conditions. By adding broadband data capabilities to our two-way radios, we strive to provide our customers greater functionality and access to the information and data they need in their workflows. Our command center software suite, CommandCentral, supports the complex process of the public safety workflow from "911 call to case closure," which involves an array of roles from the moment a citizen dials 911. As the public safety market continues to evolve toward software offerings that more efficiently run their operations, reduce response times, and increase officer availability, we have focused on providing cloud-based software-as-a-service with ancillary implementation and managed services in addition to on-premises solutions. Our premierone cloud suite, hosted in Microsoft Azure Government, includes CAD, mobile, and records in a single, integrated cloud-based offering. We believe that cloud deployment delivers agencies key benefits, including faster deployment, increased security, rapid scaling in the event of an emergency, and a secure investment that keeps pace as technology advances. We envision a future in which AI operating in our products and services will help our public safety and private sector customers build safer communities with stronger communication platforms. Our video security and analytics technology includes network video management infrastructure, fixed security and mobile video cameras, and access control solutions. We deploy video security solutions to thousands of government and commercial customers around the world. Our video network management software is embedded with AI-enabled analytics to deliver operational insights to our customers by bringing attention to important events within their video footage. Given the volume of video footage, we believe this is critical to monitor and manage to deliver meaningful, action-oriented insights. Our command center software supports these roles through the three phases of incident response: incident awareness, incident management, and post-incident resolution. The integration of technologies according to customers' desired operational outcomes allows them to work faster, smarter, and more safely. We have made strategic acquisitions of other companies or businesses, which introduce significant risks and uncertainties, including risks related to integrating the acquired businesses and achieving benefits from the acquisitions. Our success depends in part on our timely introduction of new products and technologies, and our results can be impacted by the effectiveness of our significant investments in new products and technologies. We continue to focus on growth opportunities across our portfolio of technologies, expecting continued growth within our global LMR installed base as events such as natural disasters and large-scale incidents reinforce the importance of having secure, reliable LMR for public safety. We expect customers to continue to embrace analytics that convert video into data and the scalability of the cloud to run their operations.