The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. The COVID-19 pandemic could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, or results of operations. We are continuing to closely monitor the evolving impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our industry and business in the United States and worldwide, including its effect on our customers, employees, vendors, and other stakeholders. The COVID-19 pandemic has created significant volatility, uncertainty, and economic disruption, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, or results of operations. In response to COVID-19, we have shifted to having a majority of our staff work from home and have added additional network capacity and monitoring. However, such remote work may cause heightened cybersecurity and operational risks. System limitations or failures could harm our business. Our businesses depend on the integrity and performance of the technology, computer, and communications systems supporting them. If new systems fail to operate as intended or our existing systems cannot expand to cope with increased demand or otherwise fail to perform, we could experience unanticipated disruptions in service, slower response times, and delays in the introduction of new products and services. We must continue to introduce new products, initiatives, and enhancements to maintain our competitive position. We have invested substantial amounts in the development of system platforms, the rollout of our platforms, and the adoption of new technologies. Although investments are carefully planned, there can be no assurance that the demand for such platforms or technologies will justify the related investments. The success of our business depends on our ability to keep up with rapid technological and other competitive changes affecting our industry. Specifically, we must complete development of, successfully implement, and maintain platforms that have the functionality, performance, capacity, reliability, and speed required by our business and our regulators, as well as by our customers. Our operational processes are subject to the risk of error, which may result in financial loss or reputational damage. We have instituted extensive controls to reduce the risk of error inherent in our operations; however, such risk cannot completely be eliminated. Our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process and report, on a daily basis, a large number of transactions across numerous and diverse markets. The introduction of new products or services or changes in processes or reporting due to regulatory requirements may result in an increased risk of errors for a period after implementation. We rely on third parties for regulatory, data center, cloud, data storage, data content, clearing, and other services. Interruptions or delays in services from our third-party data center hosting facilities or cloud computing platform providers could impair the delivery of our services and harm our business. We face significant competition in our market technology, investment intelligence, and corporate platforms businesses from other market participants. Competitors may develop market trading platforms that are more competitive than ours. Competitors may leverage data more effectively or enter into strategic partnerships, mergers, or acquisitions that could make their trading, listings, clearing, data, or technology businesses more competitive than ours. Our role in the global marketplace may place us at greater risk for a cyberattack. Our systems and operations are vulnerable to damage or interruption from security breaches. Given our position in the global securities industry, we may be more likely than other companies to be a direct target, or an indirect casualty, of such events. As cybersecurity threats continue to increase in frequency and sophistication, and as the domestic and international regulatory and compliance structure related to information security, data privacy, and data usage becomes increasingly complex and exacting, we may be required to devote significant additional resources to strengthen our cybersecurity capabilities, and to identify and remediate any security vulnerabilities, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and operating results.