Our ability to provide our members with content they can watch depends on studios, content providers, and other rights holders licensing rights, including distribution rights, to such content and certain related elements thereof, such as the public performance of music contained within the content we distribute. We are devoting more resources toward the development, production, marketing, and distribution of original programming, including TV series, documentaries, and feature films. We believe that original programming can help differentiate our service from other offerings, enhance our brand, and otherwise attract and retain members. We utilize our own communications and computer hardware systems located either in our facilities or in that of a third-party provider. In addition, we utilize third-party "cloud" computing services in connection with our business operations. We also utilize our own and third-party content delivery networks to help us stream TV series, documentaries, and feature films in high volume to Netflix members over the internet. Problems faced by us or our third-party "cloud" computing or other network providers, including technological or business-related disruptions, as well as cybersecurity threats and regulatory interference, could adversely impact the experience of our members. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our members is dependent upon the reliable performance and security of our computer systems and those of third parties that we utilize in our operations. Any significant disruption in or unauthorized access to our computer systems or those of third parties that we utilize in our operations, including those relating to cybersecurity or arising from cyber-attacks, could result in a loss or degradation of service, unauthorized disclosure of data, including member and corporate information, or theft of intellectual property, including digital content assets, which could adversely impact our business. We have implemented certain systems and processes to thwart hackers and protect our data and systems, but the techniques used to gain unauthorized access to data and software are constantly evolving, and we may be unable to anticipate or prevent unauthorized access. We rely upon Amazon Web Services to operate certain aspects of our service, and any disruption of or interference with our use of the Amazon Web Services operation would impact our operations and our business would be adversely impacted. We have architected our software and computer systems so as to utilize data processing, storage capabilities, and other services provided by AWS. To the extent internet service providers do not interconnect with our content delivery network or charge us to access their networks, or if we experience difficulties in our content delivery network's operation, our ability to efficiently and effectively deliver our streaming content to our members could be adversely impacted. Our technology and development expenses consist of payroll and related expenses for all technology personnel, as well as other costs incurred in making improvements to our service offerings, including testing, maintaining, and modifying our user interface, our recommendations, merchandising, and streaming delivery technology and infrastructure. We utilize a combination of proprietary and third-party technology to operate our business, including the technology that we have developed to recommend and merchandise content to our consumers as well as enable fast and efficient delivery of content to our members and their various consumer electronic devices. If our technology or that of third parties we utilize in our operations fails or otherwise operates improperly, including as a result of "bugs" in our development and deployment of software, our ability to operate our service, retain existing members, and add new members may be impaired.