Our business could be harmed by any of these risks, including reduced IT spending or delayed digital transformation initiatives by customers in industries most impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. We experienced curtailed customer demand, reduced customer spend, and delayed collections, which could materially and adversely impact our business, results of operations, and overall financial performance. The markets for our enterprise cloud solutions are rapidly evolving and highly competitive, with relatively low barriers to entry. As the market for digital workflow products matures and new technologies and competitors enter the market, we expect competition to intensify. Many prospective customers have invested substantial personnel and financial resources to implement and integrate their current enterprise software into their businesses and therefore may be reluctant or unwilling to migrate away from their current solution to ours. Our offerings have become more widely adopted and successful in the market, and we expect increasing competition from companies focused on these other markets. We must identify and innovate in the right emerging technologies and accurately predict our customers' changing business needs, priorities, and adoption practices, including their technology infrastructures and buying and budgetary practices. We must invest in and continually optimize our own technology platform to meet the very high performance expectations of our customers and successfully deliver new, scalable platform and database technologies and products. If we fail to meet these requirements, our competitive position, strategic relevance, and business prospects may be harmed. The COVID-19 pandemic has created significant global economic uncertainty, adversely impacting the business of our customers, partners, and vendors. We are continuing to monitor the actual and potential effects of the pandemic across our business, including the impact on our customers, sales cycles, and ability to generate new business. We released four emergency response applications to help customers navigate the COVID-19 pandemic management and the safe workplace applications, designed to help companies manage the essential steps for returning employees to the workplace. Our professional services organization is focused on strategic advisory, implementation, and consulting services to accelerate platform adoption and drive customer outcomes. We continue to invest in the development of our services, infrastructure, and sales and marketing to drive long-term growth. Our digital workflow products include the Now Platform, IT service management, IT business management, and other applications that are generally priced on a per-user basis. The increase in subscription revenues is driven by increased purchases by existing customers and an increase in customer count. We expect subscription revenues to continue to increase in absolute dollars as we add new customers and existing customers increase their usage of our products. Our research and development expenses increased significantly due to increased headcount and related costs to support our growth. We expect our research and development expenses to continue to increase as we improve existing functionality and develop new applications. Our general and administrative expenses increased due to digital transformation projects across functions to improve processes. We expect to continue to hire new employees and focus on digital transformation. Our subscription revenues consist of fees that give customers access to the ordered subscription service, and we recognize subscription revenues ratably over the subscription term. Our contracts are generally non-cancelable during the subscription term, and we account for the software element separately from related support and updates as they are distinct performance obligations.