We rely on technology and technology improvements in our business operations. If we experience significant disruption or failure of one or more of our information technology systems, including computer hardware, software, and communications equipment, we could experience a service interruption, a security breach, or other operational difficulties. We also face cybersecurity threats which may result in breaches of systems, or compromises of sensitive data, which may also result in service interruptions, safety failures, or operational difficulties. Such a breach, or compromise, could decrease revenues, increase operating costs, including those to protect our infrastructure, impact our efficiency, or damage our corporate reputation. Additionally, if we do not have sufficient capital to acquire new technology or we are unable to implement new technology, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage within the rail industry and with companies providing alternative modes of transportation service. Our ability to provide rail service to customers in the U.S. and Canada depends in large part upon our ability to maintain collaborative relationships with connecting carriers with respect to, among other matters, data exchange and communications. We have used primarily internal resources to build or acquire and maintain our rail system, and any future improvements, expenditures, legislation, or regulation materially increasing the quality or reducing the cost of alternative modes of transportation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete with other modes of transportation. We continue to monitor the impact of the pandemic on our employees' availability and remain committed to protecting our employees and providing excellent transportation service products for our customers. Our operations are subject to extensive federal and state environmental laws and regulations concerning emissions, handling, storage, transportation, and disposal of waste. The risk of incurring environmental liability is inherent in the railroad business. Significant increases in demand for rail services could result in the unavailability of qualified personnel and resources like locomotives. Changes in workforce demographics, training requirements, and availability of qualified personnel could have a negative impact on our ability to meet short-term demand for rail service. The pandemic has negatively impacted the economy and continues to generate significant economic uncertainty. The magnitude and duration of the pandemic, and its impact on our customers and general economic conditions will influence the demand for our services and affect our revenues. We face competition from other transportation providers, and our ability to negotiate prices for rail services could be negatively impacted by additional economic regulation of the rail industry. We executed on operational initiatives to generate efficiencies and lower our cost structure, improving productivity and increasing asset utilization through rationalization of our locomotive fleet. These sustainable cost structure improvements will provide greater benefits as the economy recovers. We rely on the capital markets to provide some of our capital requirements, including the issuance of debt instruments and the sale of certain receivables. Significant instability or disruptions of the capital markets could restrict or eliminate our access to, and/or significantly increase the cost of, various financing sources. Our strategic initiatives to improve productivity and asset utilization resulted in lower compensation and benefits expense, declines in fuel consumption, reduced purchased services, and lower materials expense. We continue to monitor the ongoing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, which could lead to a reduction in cash flows from operations.