We rely on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information and to manage or support a variety of our business processes, including financial transactions and maintenance of records, which may include personal identifying information. Although we have taken steps to protect the security of the data maintained in our information systems, our security measures may not be able to prevent the systems' improper functioning, or the theft of intellectual property, personal information, or personal property, such as in the event of cyber-attacks. Any failure to maintain proper function, security and availability of our information systems could interrupt our operations, result in theft of company assets, damage our reputation, subject us to liability claims and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business operations may not generate the cash needed to make distributions on our capital stock or to service our indebtedness. Our ability to make distributions on our common stock and any outstanding preferred stock and payments on our indebtedness, and to fund planned acquisitions and capital expenditures will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. We cannot make any assurances that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to make distributions on our common stock and any outstanding preferred stock, to pay our indebtedness, or to fund our other liquidity needs. Disruptions in the financial markets could affect our ability to obtain financing on reasonable terms and have other adverse effects on us and the market price of our common stock. The impact of climate change could trigger extreme weather and changes in precipitation, temperature, and air quality, all of which may result in physical damage to, or a decrease in demand for, our properties located in the areas affected by these conditions. Should the impact of climate change be severe or occur for lengthy periods of time, connectivity, labor and supply chains could impact business continuity for ourselves and our customers. This could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. We are subject to risks associated with debt and preferred stock financing. We intend to incur additional indebtedness in the future, including borrowings under our $3.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility and our $1.0 billion commercial paper program. The credit agreement governing our revolving credit facility also governs our $250.0 million unsecured term loan facility due March 2024. Our revolving credit facility grants us the option, subject to obtaining lender commitments and other customary conditions, to expand the borrowing limits thereunder to up to $4.0 billion. We also may in the future enter into amendments and restatements of our current revolving credit facility and term loan facility, or enter into new revolving credit facilities or term loan facilities, and any such amended, restated or replacement revolving credit facilities or term loan facilities may increase the amounts we are entitled to borrow, subject to customary conditions, compared to our current revolving credit facility and term loan facility, or we may incur other indebtedness. We are subject to the inherent risks associated with the ownership of real estate, including adverse changes in general or local economic conditions, changes in supply of, or demand for, similar or competing properties, and competition for our clients. Our ability to quickly sell or exchange any of our properties in response to changes in economic and other conditions will be limited. Our acquisition of additional properties may have a significant effect on our business, liquidity, financial position and/or results of operations. We are regularly engaged in the process of identifying, analyzing, underwriting, and negotiating possible acquisition transactions.