Our businesses are dependent upon our operational systems to process a large amount of data and complex transactions. The various uses of these information technology systems, networks, and services include controlling our plants and pipelines with industrial control systems including supervisory control and data acquisition (SCADA); collecting and storing customer, employee, investor, and other stakeholder information and data; processing transactions; summarizing and reporting results of operations; hosting, processing, and sharing confidential and proprietary research, business plans, and financial information; complying with regulatory, legal, financial, or tax requirements; providing data security; and other processes necessary to manage our business. If any of our systems are damaged, fail to function properly, or otherwise become unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them and may experience loss or corruption of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform critical functions, which could affect adversely our business and results of operations. Our financial results could also be affected adversely if an individual causes our operational systems to fail, either as a result of inadvertent error or by deliberately tampering with or manipulating our operational systems. Due to increased technology advances and an increase in remote work arrangements due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have become more reliant on technology to help increase efficiency in our businesses. We use software to help manage and operate our businesses, and this may subject us to increased risks. According to experts, since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, there has been a rise in the number and sophistication of cyberattacks on companies' network and information systems by both state-sponsored and criminal organizations, and as a result, the risks associated with such an event continue to increase. A significant failure, compromise, breach, or interruption in our systems could result in a disruption of our operations, physical damages, customer dissatisfaction, damage to our reputation, and a loss of customers or revenues. If any such failure, interruption, or similar event results in the improper disclosure of information maintained in our information systems and networks or those of our vendors, including personnel, customer, and vendor information, we could also be subject to liability under relevant contractual obligations and laws and regulations protecting personal data and privacy. Efforts by us and our vendors to develop, implement, and maintain security measures may not be successful in preventing these events from occurring, and any network and information systems-related events could require us to expend significant resources to remedy such events. Cybersecurity, physical security, and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes, and practices designed to protect our enterprise, information systems, and data from attack, damage, or unauthorized access and to identify and appropriately report cyberattacks remain a priority for us. Although we believe that we have robust information security procedures and other safeguards in place, as cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to enhance our information security measures and/or to investigate and remediate information security vulnerabilities. The threat of global climate change may create physical and financial risks to our business. Our customers' energy needs vary with weather conditions, primarily temperature and humidity. To the extent weather conditions may be affected by climate change, customers' energy use could increase or decrease depending on the duration and magnitude of any changes. Increased energy use due to weather changes may require us to invest in more pipelines and other infrastructure to serve increased demand. A decrease in energy use due to weather changes may affect our financial condition through decreased revenues.