We operate in rapidly changing economic and technological environments that present numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Our success depends upon our ability to develop new products and services, integrate acquired products and services, and enhance our existing products and services. Rapid technological advances, intense competition, changing delivery models, and evolving standards in computer hardware and software development characterize the industries in which we compete. If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, enhance and improve our product offerings and support services in a timely manner, or position and price our products and services to meet demand, customers may not purchase or subscribe to our license, hardware, or cloud offerings. We have continued to refresh and release new offerings of our cloud products and services. Machine learning and artificial intelligence are increasingly driving innovations in technology, but if they fail to operate as anticipated or our other products do not perform as promised, our business and reputation may be harmed. Our Oracle cloud strategy, including our Oracle cloud software-as-a-service and infrastructure-as-a-service offerings, may adversely affect our revenues and profitability. We provide our cloud and other offerings to customers worldwide via deployment models that best suit their needs, including cloud-based SaaS and IaaS offerings. As these business models continue to evolve, we may not be able to compete effectively, generate significant revenues, or maintain the profitability of our cloud offerings. Additionally, the increasing prevalence of cloud and SaaS delivery models offered by us and our competitors may unfavorably impact the pricing of our cloud and license offerings. If we do not successfully execute our cloud computing strategy or anticipate the cloud computing needs of our customers, our reputation as a cloud services provider could be harmed, and our revenues and profitability could decline. We may experience significant coding, manufacturing, or configuration errors in our cloud, license, and hardware offerings. Errors in our cloud, license, or hardware offerings could affect their ability to properly function, integrate, or operate with other cloud, license, or hardware offerings, delay the development or release of new products or services, create security vulnerabilities, and adversely affect market acceptance of our products or services. Our products and services, including our Oracle cloud services, store, retrieve, manipulate, and manage our customers' information and data, external data, as well as our own data. We have invested a great deal of time and resources in protecting the integrity and security of our products, services, and the internal and external data that we manage. Our internal IT systems continue to evolve, and we are often early adopters of new technologies. However, our business policies and internal security controls may not keep pace with these changes as new threats emerge. We may not discover any security breach and loss of information for a significant period of time after the security breach. We could suffer significant damage to our brand and reputation if a cyber-attack or other security incident were to allow unauthorized access to or modification of our customers' or suppliers' data, other external data, or our own data or our IT systems. Our products operate in conjunction with and are dependent on products and components across a broad ecosystem. If there is a security vulnerability in one of these components, we could face increased costs, liability claims, customer dissatisfaction, reduced revenue, or harm to our reputation or competitive position.