Our business relies extensively on our computer systems to manage inventory, process transactions, and timely provide products to our customers. We are sensitive to regional economic and weather conditions that could impact our costs and sales. The automotive aftermarket business is highly competitive, and we may have to risk our capital to remain competitive, all of which could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. We believe our company has built an excellent reputation as a leading retailer in the automotive aftermarket industry. Our reputation is based, in part, on perceptions of subjective qualities; negative publicity involving the company, our merchandise, or our industry in general that erodes customer trust or confidence could adversely affect our reputation and business. We have ongoing initiatives focused on marketing and training to educate customers on the advantages of ongoing vehicle maintenance, as well as "purchasing up" on the value spectrum. The covid-19 pandemic has caused significant disruption to the economy, placing pressure on our business beginning in mid-March 2020, as stay-at-home orders and/or business restrictions were put in place in most cities, counties, and states. We are unable to predict the ongoing short-term and long-term impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows due to several factors beyond our control. We may be required to take significant actions to mitigate any adverse impact of the covid-19 pandemic, including, but not limited to, reduced staffing and increased expenses. We cannot be sure that our growth plans for 2021 and beyond will be achieved. Our ability to accomplish our growth objectives is dependent, in part, on matters beyond our control, such as weather conditions, zoning and other issues related to new store site development, the availability of qualified management personnel, and general business and economic conditions. We must also continue to motivate employees and keep them focused on our strategies and goals. Our business, results of operations, and cash flows could be materially adversely affected by the unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our key employees. Our systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, or other catastrophic events. If our systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to manage inventories or process customer transactions. Such a disruption of our systems could negatively impact revenue and potentially have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. We believe the key drivers of current and future long-term demand for the products sold within the automotive aftermarket include the number of U.S. miles driven, the number of U.S. registered vehicles, new light vehicle registrations, and average vehicle age. Our ability to operate effectively and grow in international markets could be impacted by these risks resulting in legal liabilities, additional costs, and the distraction of management's attention. We cannot be certain that our growth plans and business strategies will be successful or that they will successfully meet the expectations of analysts. The market price of our common stock may also be affected by our ability to meet analysts' expectations, and failure to meet such expectations could have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock.