The company relies on information technology systems and networks to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of its business processes and activities. These computer systems and networks may be subject to disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components; power outages; hardware failures; computer viruses; or outside parties attempting to disrupt the company's business or gain unauthorized access to the company's electronic data. The company maintains and continues to invest in protections to guard against such events, including conducting third-party penetration tests, implementing software detection and prevention tools, event monitoring, and disaster recoverability. Despite these safeguards, there remains a risk of system disruptions, unauthorized access and data loss. If the company's computer systems were to be damaged, disrupted or breached, it could impact data availability and integrity, result in a theft of the company's intellectual property or lead to unauthorized disclosure of confidential information of the company's customers, suppliers and employees. Security breaches could also result in a violation of U.S. and international privacy and other laws and subject the company to various litigations and governmental proceedings. These events could have an adverse impact on the company's results of operations and financial condition, damage its reputation, disrupt operations and negatively impact competitiveness in the marketplace. The company is investing for medium- and long-term growth in integrated powertrains including diesel, electric, hybrid, and hydrogen fuel cell technologies, as well as advanced driver assistance and autonomous systems, connected vehicle services and next-generation manufacturing and distribution capabilities. The partnership with Aurora to develop autonomous driving technologies aims to integrate Paccar's autonomous vehicle platform with Aurora's self-driving technologies to deliver enhanced safety and operational efficiency to customers. The company continues to enhance its parts distribution capacity to further improve parts availability to its customers. The financial services segment is exposed to risks arising from the failure of a customer, dealer or counterparty to meet the terms of the loans, leases and derivative contracts with the company. The company has developed a systematic methodology for determining the allowance for credit losses for its portfolio segments, which includes evaluating finance receivables for impairment and determining reserves for losses based on historical experience and expected changes in future macroeconomic conditions. The company utilizes economic forecasts from third-party sources and determines expected losses based on historical experience under similar market conditions. The adequacy of the allowance is evaluated quarterly based on the most recent past due account information and current and future market conditions. The company's operations are subject to various domestic and foreign requirements relating to the environment, and it believes its policies, practices and procedures are designed to prevent unreasonable risk of environmental damage. The company has accrued estimated costs to investigate and complete cleanup actions where it is probable that it will incur such costs in the future.