The successful operation of new or upgraded generation facilities or transmission or distribution projects is subject to risks relating to supply interruptions; work stoppages and labor disputes; weather interferences; unforeseen engineering and environmental problems, including those related to climate change; and the other risks described herein. Cybersecurity threats to the U.S. energy market infrastructure are increasing in sophistication, magnitude, and frequency, particularly since the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting shift to virtual operations began. We rely on information technology systems that utilize sophisticated digital systems and network infrastructure to operate our generation and transmission and distribution systems. Our and third-party information technology systems and products may be vulnerable to cybersecurity attacks involving fraud, malice, or oversight on the part of our employees, other insiders, or third parties, whether domestic or foreign sources. A cybersecurity attack may also leverage such information technology to cause disruptions at a third party. Cybersecurity impacts to our operations include disruption of the operation of our assets, the fuel supply chain, and the power grid, theft of confidential company, employee, shareholder, vendor, or customer information, which may cause us to be in breach of certain covenants and contractual obligations, general business system and process interruption or compromise, including preventing us from servicing our customers, collecting revenues, or the ability to record, process, and/or report financial information correctly, and breaches of vendors' infrastructures where our confidential information is stored. The operation of our business is dependent upon the information technology systems of third parties, including our vendors, regulators, regional transmission organizations, and independent system operators, among others. The ongoing coronavirus pandemic has led many state and federal agencies to implement remote working protocols and divert resources to address the pandemic which, if prolonged, could impact regulatory agencies' ability to review proposed programs and delay the timing of approvals for matters subject to regulatory approval, including the approval of various clause recovery mechanisms. We continue to implement strong physical and cybersecurity measures to ensure that our systems remain functional in order to both serve our operational needs with a remote workforce and ensure uninterrupted service to our customers. Our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by the ongoing coronavirus pandemic. The pandemic's potential impact will depend on a number of factors outside of our control, including the duration and severity of the outbreak as well as third-party actions taken to contain its spread and mitigate its public health effects. The timeline and ultimate outcome of our exploration of strategic alternatives relating to PSEG Power's non-nuclear generating fleet is uncertain. Our ability to divest all or a portion of these assets, and the applicable terms, conditions, and timeline, will depend in large part on the participation of potentially interested parties and the value such parties place on the applicable assets. The introduction or expansion of technologies related to energy generation, distribution, and consumption and changes in customer usage patterns could adversely impact us. The power generation business has seen a substantial change in the technologies used to produce power. Advances in distributed generation technologies, such as fuel cells, micro turbines, micro grids, windmills, and net-metered solar installations, may reduce the cost of alternative methods of producing electricity to a level that is competitive with that of most central station electric production. We are subject to numerous federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations that may significantly limit or affect our businesses, adversely impact our business plans, or expose us to significant environmental fines and liabilities.