Our ability to innovate effectively and respond to our competitors' initiatives is critical to maintaining and enhancing our competitive position. Innovations must be implemented in compliance with applicable insurance regulations and may require extensive modifications to our systems and processes and extensive coordination with and reliance on the systems of third parties. Ongoing competitive, technological, regulatory, informational, and other developments result in significant levels of complexity in our products and in the systems and processes we use to run our businesses. This complexity may create barriers to innovation or the provision of high-quality products and customer and agent experiences with the speed and agility that may be required. Our business requires that we develop and maintain large and complex computer systems, and that we rely on third-party systems and applications, to run our operations and to store the significant volume of data that we acquire, including the personal confidential information of our customers and employees. Our systems are subject to cyber attacks by sophisticated third parties with substantial computing resources and capabilities, which may include attempts to steal, corrupt, or destroy data, disrupt or shut down our systems, or deny access to our systems. We undertake substantial efforts to protect our systems and sensitive or confidential information, including internal processes and technological defenses designed to provide multiple layers of security protection. However, our systems are being threatened regularly, and we have experienced minor incidents in the past, with no assurance that we will be successful in preventing future attacks. Our business depends on the secure and uninterrupted operation of our facilities, systems, and business functions. The shut-down or unavailability of one or more of our systems or facilities could significantly impair our ability to perform critical business functions on a timely basis. Our ability to access our cash accounts at banks and other financial institutions to operate our business is critical, and any disruption in the functioning of those markets or in our ability to liquidate investments could impair our ability to pay claims or other financial obligations when due. Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulation and supervision by state insurance departments, and our compliance efforts are complicated by changes in laws or regulations applicable to insurance companies, or by judicial interpretations of those laws or regulations. Compliance with these laws and regulations often results in increased costs, which can be substantial, and may adversely affect our profitability or our ability or desire to grow or operate our business. The potential effects of COVID-19 could exacerbate the impacts of many of the other risk factors, including data security breaches and cyber attacks in the work-from-home environment, the condition of domestic and global economies and financial markets, and our ability to access capital markets at favorable rates. Our ability to forecast sales and claims volume and other factors in changing business environments must be accurate, and we must adapt to increases in business due to significant customers. If we fail to recognize the need for adjustments or react on a timely basis, it could lead to over-staffing or under-staffing in one or more business units or locations. Our success also depends on our ability to maintain and improve the staffing effectiveness and culture that we have developed over the years, which may be impaired as a result of litigation, legislation, or other factors in the employment marketplace.