The company relies extensively on information technology systems to manage and operate its business, some of which are managed by third parties. The security and functionality of these information technology systems, and the processing of data by these systems, are critical to our business operations. Increased cybersecurity threats and more sophisticated and targeted computer crime could pose a risk to our information technology systems. If these systems, or any part of the systems, are damaged, intruded upon, attacked, shutdown or cease to function properly, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. The adoption or deployment of new technologies via acquisitions or internal initiatives may increase our exposure to risks, breaches, or failures, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. We have modified, and may further modify, our business practices in response to the risks and negative impacts associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, which may include changes to our information management capability. The ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is essential for responding to changing business needs and directions. The COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition, highlighting the importance of operational flexibility and IT capability in managing such disruptions. Our business is sensitive to global macro-economic conditions, and future macroeconomic downturns may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition, as well as our distributors, customers, and suppliers. We expect to continue our strategy of identifying and acquiring businesses with complementary products and services, which we believe will enhance our operations and profitability, and this may involve leveraging our IT capabilities to integrate new systems effectively. The successful integration of new businesses and the success of joint ventures also depend on our ability to manage these new businesses and cut excess costs, which includes the integration of complex systems, technologies, networks, and other assets of the acquired companies. Our ability to develop new products based on technological innovation can affect our competitive position and often requires the investment of significant resources in IT capabilities. The development of new products and technologies requires substantial investment and is required to remain competitive in the markets we serve. Our results may be adversely affected if expanded operations from acquisitions are not effectively managed. The company is committed to creating a culture of empowerment through our values, inclusion and diversity, accountability, and teamwork, which are essential for enhancing our organizational capabilities. The company anticipates that cost savings realized from workforce reduction measures taken during 2020 will increase operating income for 2021, emphasizing the need for strategic resource allocation and operational efficiency. The ultimate extent to which our business and results of operations will be impacted by the COVID-19 outbreak will depend largely on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted at this time, including the role of our IT capabilities in adapting to these changes.