The company's information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by malicious actors or breached due to human error, malfeasance, or other disruptions, which could compromise networks and the information stored there. Any such access, disclosure, or other loss of information could result in increased costs to prevent, respond to, or mitigate cybersecurity events, such as deploying additional personnel and protection technologies, training employees, and engaging third-party experts and consultants. The continuing and evolving threat of cyberattacks has resulted in increased regulatory focus on prevention, and to the extent the company faces increased regulatory requirements, it may be required to expend significant additional resources to meet such requirements. Increasing regulatory focus on privacy and cybersecurity issues and expanding laws could expose the company to increased liability, subject it to lawsuits, investigations, and other liabilities and restrictions on operations that could significantly and adversely affect its business. The company collects and retains certain data that is subject to specific laws and regulations, and the transfer and use of this data both domestically and across international borders is becoming increasingly complex. The company’s infrastructure protection technologies and disaster recovery plans may not be able to prevent a technology systems breach or systems failure, which could have a material adverse effect on its financial position or results of operations. The company’s investments in joint ventures decrease its ability to manage risk, and failure to adequately manage the risks associated with any acquisitions or joint ventures could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations. The company has made significant investments in new infrastructure projects to meet market demand, and the success of these investments largely depends on the realization of anticipated market demand. The company’s ability to obtain credit and capital depends in large measure on the state of the credit and capital markets, which is beyond its control, and uncertainty and illiquidity in these markets could have an adverse impact on its lenders, commodity transaction counterparties, or customers, preventing them from meeting their obligations. The company’s operations are subject to planned and unplanned downtime, business interruptions, and operational hazards, any of which could adversely impact its ability to operate and could adversely impact its financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The company’s strategic priorities include operating excellence, growth, returns, and distributions, with a commitment to protecting the health and safety of everyone involved in its operations and the communities in which it operates. The company continuously monitors its asset and investment portfolio for impairments and optimization opportunities in a challenging business environment. The company is committed to protecting the environment and strives to reduce its environmental footprint throughout its operations. The company’s capital expenditures and investments represent consolidated capital spending, and its capital budget for 2021 includes significant allocations for digital transformation projects, including a new enterprise resource planning system. The company’s ability to respond to changing business needs and directions will depend on its management capability and the effective mobilization and deployment of IT-based resources in combination with other resources and capabilities.