Disruptions or failure to adequately protect our information technology systems could materially affect our business or result in harm to our reputation. We rely on information technology systems to manage our operations and other business processes and to protect sensitive company information, and our reliance on those systems has increased as a result of remote working arrangements necessitated by the COVID-19 pandemic. Furthermore, some of the energy infrastructure systems on which we work may be considered to be strategic targets, and therefore at greater risk of cyber-attacks or acts of terrorism than other targets. Cyber-attacks can result in compromises of our payment systems, monetary losses, inability to access our systems, delays in processing transactions or reporting financial results, the disclosure or misappropriation of confidential or proprietary company information, or the release of customer, stockholder, vendor or employee data. An attack could also cause service disruptions to our internal systems or, in extreme circumstances, infiltration into, damage to or loss of control of our customers' energy infrastructure systems. Any such breach or disruption could subject us to significant liabilities, cause damage to our reputation or customer relationships, or result in regulatory investigations or other actions by governmental authorities, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our business is labor-intensive, and we may be unable to attract and retain qualified employees or we may incur significant costs in the event we are unable to efficiently manage our workforce. Our ability to efficiently manage our business and achieve our strategic initiatives is limited by our ability to employ, train and retain the necessary skilled personnel, which is subject to a number of risks. The commencement of new, large-scale infrastructure projects or increased demand for infrastructure improvements, as well as the aging electric utility workforce, has reduced and may further reduce the pool of skilled workers, including experienced program managers and qualified journeyman linemen, available for our electric power infrastructure solutions segment. Our decentralized management infrastructure could negatively impact our business. We cannot be certain that our management structure will be adequate to support our operations as they expand. Our decentralized structure places significant control and decision-making powers in the hands of our operating unit management. This contributes to the risk that we may be slower or less able to identify or react to problems affecting key business matters than we would in a more centralized environment. The lack of timely access to information may also impact the quality of decision-making by management. For example, our ability to coordinate and utilize resources, including our fleet, depends on effective communications and processes among our operating units. As a result, the ability to internally communicate, coordinate and execute business strategies, plans and tactics may be negatively impacted by our increasing size and complexity. Our decentralized organization can also result in our operating subsidiaries assuming excessive risk without appropriate guidance from our centralized legal, accounting, safety, tax, treasury and insurance functions. Our investments and joint ventures expose us to risks and may result in conflicts of interest that could adversely impact our business or result in reputational harm. We have entered into strategic relationships, joint ventures and other investment arrangements with various partners, including customers and infrastructure investors, through which we have invested in infrastructure assets and businesses, and we expect this activity to continue in the future. These types of investments expose us to increased risks, including poor performance by the infrastructure projects or businesses in which we have invested due to, among other things, difficult market or economic conditions or slowdowns or changes to the supply or demand and fluctuations in the price of commodities.