The rapid, global spread of COVID-19 has resulted in significant economic uncertainty and has led to a global recession, impacting consumer demand for devices that incorporate our products and intellectual property. We believe it is critical that we remain a leader in 5G technology development, standardization, intellectual property creation, and technology licensing, and that we develop, commercialize, and be a leading supplier of 5G integrated circuit products to sustain and grow our business long-term. Our revenues depend on our customers' and licensees' sales of products and services based on communications technologies, including 5G, and customer demand for our products based on these technologies. We depend on our customers and licensees to develop devices and services based on these technologies with value-added features to drive consumer demand for new multimode devices. The timing of our shipment of our products is dependent on the timing of our customers' and licensees' deployments of new devices and services. Our industry is subject to intense competition in an environment of rapid technological change, and our success depends in part on our ability to adapt to such change and compete effectively. We expect competition to increase as our current competitors expand their product offerings, improve their products, or reduce the prices of their products as part of a strategy to maintain existing business and customers or attract new business and customers. We anticipate that additional competitors will introduce products as a result of growth opportunities in wireless communications, the trend toward global expansion by foreign and domestic competitors, and technological and public policy changes. Our future success will depend on our ability to differentiate our integrated circuit products with innovative technologies across multiple products and features and with smaller geometry process technologies that drive both performance and lower power consumption. We also aim to increase or accelerate adoption of our technologies and products in industry segments or applications outside of mobile, including automotive and IoT. Our business is concentrated in China, and the risks of such concentration are exacerbated by U.S./China trade and national security tensions. Political actions, including trade protection and national security policies, have limited or prevented us from transacting business with certain of our customers or suppliers. We face challenges related to our licensing business, including efforts by some OEMs to avoid paying fair and reasonable royalties for the use of our intellectual property, which may require the investment of substantial management time and financial resources. Our ability to provide leading products and technologies to OEMs, high-level operating systems providers, operators, cloud providers, and other industry participants is critical as competitors, new industry entrants, and other factors continue to affect the industry landscape. We have established alternate suppliers for certain technologies, but there are a limited number of such suppliers capable of operating at leading process technology nodes. Our arrangements with suppliers may obligate us to incur costs to manufacture and test our products that do not decrease at the same rate as decreases in pricing to our customers. The continued and future success of our licensing programs requires us to evolve our patent portfolio and renew or renegotiate license agreements that are expiring or to cover additional future patents. We expect that certain companies may continue to challenge our business model in various forums throughout the world, which could adversely affect our business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.