The covid-19 pandemic has had, and will continue to have, a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations, creating significant disruptions and exacerbating existing risks. We have taken actions to monitor and mitigate changes in our supply chain and port destination availability, which may strain relationships with our vendors and port partners. Our ability to meet the requirements under the conditional order issued by the CDC will determine the timing and implementation of our plans to return to service, which we expect to be gradual. The suspension of sailings and the expected reduction in demand for future cruising has led to a significant decline in our revenues and cash inflows, requiring us to take cost and capital expenditure containment actions. We have reduced our planned capital spending through 2021, which may negatively impact our execution of planned growth strategies, particularly as it relates to investments in our ships, technology, and our expansion of land-based developments. The covid-19 pandemic has also elevated risks affecting significant parts of our business, including operational flexibility and investment opportunities. Our reliance on shipyards, subcontractors, and suppliers to implement our newbuild and ship upgrade programs exposes us to risks which, if realized, could adversely impact our business. The complexity of our operations requires significant investment in technology and systems to support business needs, and we may not achieve the benefits anticipated from any new technology or system, which could result in higher than anticipated costs or impair our operating results. We are subject to cyber security attacks and data breaches, including the risks and costs associated with protecting our systems and maintaining the integrity and security of our business information. The breadth and scope of these attacks, as well as the techniques and sophistication used to conduct these attacks, have grown over time. A successful cyber security attack may target us directly or may be the result of a third party's inadequate care, potentially interrupting our operations and exposing us to increased risks of governmental investigation, litigation, fines, and other liability. We are also subject to various risks associated with the collection, handling, storage, and transmission of sensitive information, and failure to comply with applicable data collection and privacy laws could adversely impact our business. Our business requires us to make capital allocation decisions across a broad scope of investment options with varying return profiles and time horizons for value realization, including significant capital investment decisions such as ordering new ships, upgrading our existing fleet, and enhancing our technology and data capabilities. We have historically relied on a combination of cash flows provided by operations, drawdowns under available credit facilities, and the incurrence of additional indebtedness to fund our obligations. The impact of covid-19 has strained our sources of cash flow and liquidity, causing us to take actions resulting in reductions in our operating expenses and capital expenditures. Our ability to generate cash depends on factors beyond our control, and we may not be able to generate sufficient cash to meet our debt service obligations or fund our other business needs. The current suspension of our cruise operations due to the covid-19 pandemic has resulted in a significant increase in refunds of customer deposits while cash inflows from new or existing bookings on future sailings have reduced sharply.