Our business is increasingly dependent on critical, complex, and interdependent information technology systems, including internet-based systems, to support business processes as well as internal and external communications. These systems are also critical to enable remote working arrangements, which have been growing in importance due in part to the COVID-19 pandemic and our implementation of work-from-home policies for a significant part of our employees. The size and complexity of our computer systems make us potentially vulnerable to IT system breakdowns, internal and external malicious intrusion, and computer viruses and ransomware, which may impact product production and key business processes. We also have outsourced significant elements of our information technology infrastructure and operations to third parties, which may allow them to access our confidential information and may also make our systems vulnerable to service interruptions or to security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by such third parties or others. In addition, our systems are potentially vulnerable to data security breaches, whether by employees or others, which may expose sensitive data to unauthorized persons. Data security breaches could lead to the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property, result in demands for ransom or other forms of blackmail, or lead to the public exposure of personal information of our employees, clinical trial patients, customers, and others. Such attacks are of ever-increasing levels of sophistication and are made by groups and individuals with a wide range of motives, including industrial espionage or extortion. As a company with an increasingly global presence, our systems are subject to frequent attacks. Due to the nature of some of these attacks, there is a risk that an attack may remain undetected for a period of time. While we continue to make investments to improve the protection of data and information technology, and to oversee and monitor the security measures of our third-party service providers, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent service interruptions or security breaches. In addition, we depend in part on third-party security measures over which we do not have full control to protect against data security breaches. If we or our third-party service providers fail to maintain or protect our information technology systems and data security effectively, or fail to anticipate, plan for, or manage significant disruptions to these systems, we or our third-party service providers could have difficulty preventing, detecting, or controlling such disruptions or security breaches, which could result in legal proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, disruptions to our operations, and damage to our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition. Significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of data security could adversely affect our business. Our business is dependent on our key personnel and will be harmed if we cannot recruit and retain leaders in our research, development, manufacturing, and commercial organizations. We face risks related to the development, manufacturing, and commercialization of our products, including reliance on third parties for filling and finishing services and the potential impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations. Our ability to generate profits and positive cash flow from operations depends significantly on the continued success in commercializing our products, including Eylea and Dupixent. We expect to continue to incur substantial expenses related to our research and development activities, which are critical for maintaining our IT capabilities and supporting our business processes.