Our business operations are dependent upon information technology networks and systems to securely transmit, process and store electronic information and to communicate among our locations around the world and with clients and vendors. We rely on information and technology for many of our business operations which could fail and cause disruption to our business operations. A shutdown of, or inability to access, one or more of our facilities, a power outage or a failure of one or more of our information technology, telecommunications or other systems could significantly impair our ability to perform such functions on a timely basis. Global cybersecurity threats and incidents can range from uncoordinated individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to IT systems to sophisticated and targeted measures known as advanced persistent threats, directed at the company, its businesses, its customers and/or its third-party service providers. We seek to deploy measures to deter, prevent, detect, respond to and mitigate these threats, including identity and access controls, data protection, vulnerability assessments, product software designs which we believe are less susceptible to cyber-attacks, continuous monitoring of our IT networks and systems and maintenance of backup and protective systems. Our customers are increasingly requiring cybersecurity protections and mandating cybersecurity standards in our products and services, and we may incur additional costs to comply with such demands. Our technology is important to our success and our failure to protect this technology could put us at a competitive disadvantage. We believe that the development and protection of intellectual property rights through patents, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks, confidentiality agreements and other contractual provisions are important to the future success of our business. Our growth strategy includes acquisitions, and we intend to seek additional acquisition opportunities, both to expand into new markets and to enhance our position in existing markets. Our ability to make scheduled principal payments of, to pay interest on, or to refinance our indebtedness and to satisfy our other debt obligations will depend upon our future operating performance, which may be affected by factors beyond our control. We face intense competition from numerous competitors in our various businesses. Our products compete primarily on the basis of product quality, performance, innovation, technology, price, applications expertise, system and service flexibility, distribution channel access and established customer service capabilities. We may not be able to compete effectively on all of these fronts or with all of our competitors. The future success of our business will depend, in part, on our ability to design and manufacture new competitive products and to enhance existing products so that we maintain our margin profile. This product development may require substantial internal investment. We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, these types of threats and incidents, none of them to date have been material to the company. The potential consequences of a material cybersecurity incident include financial loss, reputational damage, damage to our IT systems, litigation with third parties, theft of intellectual property, fines, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs due to the increasing sophistication and proliferation of threats, which in turn could adversely affect our competitiveness and results of operations. We believe that internally generated cash flows and the remaining availability under our credit facility will be adequate to finance normal operating requirements. However, the rate at which we can reduce our debt during 2021 will be affected by the financing and operating requirements of any new acquisitions, the financial performance of our existing companies and the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business prospects and the financial markets generally.