Our information systems are critical to our ability to operate and manage key aspects of our business. We depend on the integrity, continuous availability, and consistent operations of these systems to process transactions in our stores, track inventory flow, manage merchandise allocation and distribution logistics, generate performance and financial reports, and support merchandising decisions. We are currently making, and will continue to make, significant technology investments to improve or replace information processes and systems that are key to managing our business. The risk of system disruption is increased whenever significant system changes are undertaken. An excessive rate of technological change could detract from the effectiveness of adoption, and could make it more difficult for us to realize benefits from new technology. Disruptions in our supply chain or in our information systems could impact our ability to process sales and to deliver product to our stores in a timely and cost-effective manner. Various information systems are critical to our ability to operate and to manage key aspects of our business. We must monitor and choose sound investments and implement them at the right pace. The ongoing effect of the COVID-19 pandemic on consumer behavior and spending patterns remains highly uncertain. We expect our operating costs to remain elevated related to our continuing response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The temporary closure of all our stores during much of the first two fiscal quarters significantly impacted our ability to sell the seasonal inventory then on hand in a timely manner. Our capital expenditures included costs for various other expenditures related to our information technology systems. We expect to fund capital expenditures with available cash. Our planned capital expenditures for fiscal 2021 are expected to be used for continued construction of our distribution center, costs for fixtures and leasehold improvements to open planned new stores, investments in certain information technology systems, and for various other needed expenditures related to our stores, distribution centers, buying, and corporate offices. We are subject to impacts from the macro-economic environment, financial and credit markets, and geopolitical conditions that affect consumer confidence and consumer disposable income. We have implemented a variety of measures in our stores locations, distribution centers, and other facilities, with the goal of keeping our associates, customers, and the communities we serve safe from spreading the COVID-19 virus. Our information systems, including our back-up systems, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, internal or external security breaches, catastrophic events such as severe storms, fires, earthquakes, floods, acts of terrorism, and design or usage errors by our employees or by third parties. If our information systems or our back-up systems are damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make significant investments to fix or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations in the interim. Any material interruption in our computer systems could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We are also subject to risks associated with selling and importing merchandise produced in other countries. We rely on commercially available computer and telecommunications systems to process, transmit, and store payment card and other personal and confidential information, and to provide information or data security for those transactions. Cybercriminals may attempt to penetrate our point of sale and other information systems to misappropriate customer or business information. Despite security measures we have in place, and our efforts to prevent, monitor, and mitigate attacks and errors, our facilities and systems may be vulnerable to security breaches. A breach of our information or data security, a system shut down or other response we may take, or our failure or delay in detecting and mitigating a loss of personal or business information, could result in damage to our reputation, loss of customer confidence, and expose us to civil claims, litigation, and regulatory action.