Our business, financial condition, operating results, and cash flows can be impacted by changes in global economic conditions and geopolitical risks, which affect our business in various ways, including the ability of customers and suppliers to obtain financing for significant purchases and operations. The tightening of credit in financial markets could adversely affect our supplier base and increase the potential for financial distress or bankruptcy. Additionally, geopolitical risks could impact government priorities, budgets, and policies, which could affect sales of defense and other products and services. The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly increased global economic and demand uncertainty, affecting our business, supply chains, operations, and the industries in which we operate. The disruption to air travel and commercial activities has negatively impacted the global supply, demand, and distribution capabilities of the aerospace and commercial airlines industries. Our long-term support contracts are driven by actual usage, and decreased usage has negatively affected our revenues associated with these contracts. We provide aircraft financing commitments to commercial aerospace customers, which may increase due to the pandemic's adverse impact on their businesses. Our business operations may be disrupted by public health crises, such as pandemics, and our ability to perform on our obligations to customers may be hindered or delayed. We face operational challenges from the need to protect employee health and safety, workplace disruptions, and restrictions on the movement of people and goods. Our business and financial performance may be adversely affected by cyber-attacks on information technology infrastructure, which could disrupt our systems or those of third parties, impact business operations, and result in unauthorized release of confidential information. Cybersecurity threats are evolving, and we continue to make investments and adopt measures designed to enhance our protection, detection, response, and recovery capabilities. Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of our technological advancements depends on various factors, including meeting development, production, certification, and regulatory approval schedules. The introduction of new products and technologies involves risks, and we may not realize the degree or timing of benefits initially anticipated. Our competitive position is also affected by the ability to attract, train, and retain qualified personnel, and our failure to do so could seriously harm our business. We rely on our key personnel to lead with integrity and to meet our high ethical standards that promote excellent performance and cultivate diversity, equity, and inclusion. The evolving nature of cybersecurity and data privacy laws presents increasing compliance challenges, which may increase our costs and expose us to substantial fines or other penalties. Our financial performance is dependent on the condition of the aerospace industry, and capital spending and demand for aircraft engines, aerospace products, and component aftermarket parts and services are influenced by various factors, including current and predicted traffic levels and general economic conditions. We continuously evaluate our cost structure and have implemented restructuring actions to keep our cost structure competitive. Our contracts with the U.S. government are subject to audits, which may recommend contract price reductions or payment delays. We are also subject to risks relating to U.S. government investigations concerning our contracts, which could result in administrative, civil, or criminal liabilities. The success of our business depends on our ability to manage these risks effectively and to leverage our IT capabilities to support business needs and enhance operational efficiency.