The company relies on information technology systems to conduct its business, including recording and processing transactions, manufacturing and selling products, maintaining and growing its competitive position, and supporting and communicating with employees, customers, suppliers, and other vendors. These information technology systems are important to many business-critical processes including production planning, manufacturing, finance, company operations, sales, and customer service. Despite efforts to prevent disruptions, these systems may be affected by damage or interruption resulting from cyber attacks, security breaches, phishing, malware, viruses, ransomware, power outages, or system failures. The risks could be magnified due to the increased reliance on information technology systems because of the COVID-19 pandemic. Disruptions to these systems may have a material adverse effect on business, results of operations, and financial condition. The company collects and handles sensitive and confidential information about its business, customers, employees, and suppliers, and despite security measures, facilities and systems may be vulnerable to cyber attacks, security breaches, and other disruptions. Any event involving the misappropriation, loss, or unauthorized disclosure of information could result in losses, damage reputation, expose the company to litigation, regulatory action, and liability, disrupt operations, and have a material adverse effect on business, results of operations, and financial condition. The company continues to mitigate these risks through additional investment, engagement of third-party experts, improving security, providing employee training, assessing insurance coverage, and strengthening controls to monitor and mitigate threats. The domestic and international regulatory environment related to information security, collection, and privacy is increasingly rigorous and complex, with new and rapidly changing requirements applicable to the business. Compliance with these requirements could result in additional costs and changes to business practices. The performance of the business is sensitive to global and regional business and economic conditions, including adverse changes in such conditions due to the COVID-19 pandemic, which may reduce demand for products and impair the ability to predict and meet future changes in demand. Increased competition or failure to keep pace with developments in key competitive areas may reduce sales, earnings, or cash flow performance. The company faces substantial competition from many international, national, regional, and local competitors of various sizes in the manufacture, distribution, and sale of paint, coatings, and related products. Technology, product quality, product innovation, breadth of product line, technical expertise, distribution, service, and price are key competitive factors. The company has made strategic acquisitions in the paint and coatings industry, and the success of future acquisitions depends on the ability to integrate operations and personnel of acquired companies and manage challenges that may arise. The company expects to invest in new store openings, manufacturing and distribution facilities, and new or upgraded information systems hardware, with a focus on productivity improvement and maintenance projects. The company anticipates that the predominant share of capital expenditures will be for these initiatives, which are critical for enhancing operational efficiency and supporting business transformation.