We are increasingly dependent on digital technologies and services to conduct our business. We use these technologies for internal purposes, including data storage, processing and transmissions, as well as in our interactions with our business associates, such as customers and suppliers. Our digital technologies and services, and those of our business associates, are subject to the risk of cyberattacks and, given the nature of such attacks, some incidents can remain undetected for a period of time despite efforts to detect and respond to them in a timely manner. We have experienced and will continue to experience varying degrees of cyber incidents in the normal conduct of our business, including attacks resulting from phishing emails and ransomware infections. Even if we successfully defend our own digital technologies and services, we also rely on third-party business associates, with whom we may share data and services, to defend their digital technologies and services against attack. We could suffer significant damage to our reputation if a cyber incident or attack were to allow unauthorized access to or modification of our customers' data, other external data, or our own data, or if the services we provide to our customers were disrupted, or if our digital products or services were reported to have or were perceived as having security vulnerabilities. This could lead to fewer customers using our digital products and services, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to transfer people, products and data among certain countries is subject to maintaining required licenses and complying with these laws and regulations. The internal controls, policies and procedures, and employee training and compliance programs we have implemented to deter prohibited practices may not be effective in preventing employees, contractors or agents from violating or circumventing such internal policies or from material violations of applicable laws and regulations. Our operations require us to comply with numerous laws and regulations, violations of which could have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial condition or cash flows. We are also subject to trade control regulations and trade sanctions laws that restrict the movement of certain goods to, and certain operations in, various countries or with certain persons. Our business may be adversely affected if we fail to continue to develop and produce competitive technologies in response to changes in the market, customer requirements and technology trends, or if we fail to deliver such technologies to our customers in a timely and cost-competitive manner in the various markets we serve. If we are unable to maintain technology leadership in our industry, our ability to maintain market share, defend, maintain or increase prices for our products and services, and negotiate acceptable contract terms with our customers could be adversely affected. Our operations involve production-related activities, radioactive materials, chemicals, explosives and other equipment and services that are deployed in challenging exploration, development and production environments. Accidents or acts of malfeasance involving these services or equipment, or a failure of a product (including as a result of a cyberattack), could cause personal injury, loss of life, damage to or destruction of property, equipment or the environment, or suspension of operations, which could materially adversely affect us. We rely on contractual indemnities, releases, and limitations on liability with our customers and insurance to protect us from potential liability related to such events. However, our insurance may not protect us against liability for certain kinds of events, including events involving pollution, or against losses resulting from business interruption.