The growth of our business depends primarily on the semiconductor and electronics industries. The increasing complexity of designs of systems-on-chips, integrated circuits, electronic systems, and customers' concerns about managing costs have previously led and in the future could lead to a decrease in design starts and design activity in general. We work closely with major foundries to ensure that our EDA, IP, and manufacturing solutions are compatible with their manufacturing processes. Our customers frequently incorporate third-party IP into their designs to improve the efficiency of their design process. If we fail to optimize our EDA and IP solutions for use with major foundries' manufacturing processes or major IP providers' products, our solutions may become less desirable to our customers, resulting in an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. The semiconductor and electronics industries have become increasingly complex ecosystems, and many of our customers outsource the manufacture of their semiconductor designs to foundries. We depend on a relatively small number of large customers, and on such customers continuing to renew licenses and purchase additional products from us, for a large portion of our revenue. Reduced customer spending or the loss of a small number of customers could adversely affect our business and financial condition. We operate in highly competitive industries, and if we do not continue to meet our customers' demand for innovative technology at lower costs, our products may become uncompetitive and obsolete. We compete principally on the basis of technology, product quality and features, license or usage terms, post-contract customer support, interoperability among products, and price and payment terms. Our ability to anticipate and lead critical development cycles and technological shifts, innovate rapidly and efficiently, and improve our existing software and hardware products is crucial. The industries in which we operate are characterized by frequent product introductions and improvements as well as changes in industry standards and customer requirements. The adoption of cloud computing and artificial intelligence technologies can bring new demands and challenges in terms of disruption to both business models and our existing technology offerings. Our solutions help these companies overcome the challenges of developing increasingly advanced electronics products while also helping them reduce their design and manufacturing costs. Our software integrity business delivers products and services that enable software developers to test their code for known security vulnerabilities and quality defects, as well as testing for open source security vulnerabilities and license compliance. Our software integrity products and services form a platform that helps our customers build security into the software development lifecycle and across the entire cyber supply chain. We have consistently grown our revenue despite periods of global economic uncertainty, driven by solid execution, leading technologies, and strong customer relationships. Our growth strategy is based on maintaining and building on our leadership in our EDA products, expanding and proliferating our IP offerings, driving growth in the software security and quality market, and continuing to expand our product portfolio and total addressable market. We recognize our revenue for software licenses over the arrangement period, which typically approximates three years. The timing of revenue recognition is affected by factors that include cancellations or changes in levels of orders or the mix between upfront products revenue and time-based products revenue. Our financial results are also affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Our investment portfolio may be impaired by any deterioration of capital markets. We rely on a global network of infrastructure applications, enterprise applications, and technology systems for our development, marketing, operational, support, and sales activities. A disruption or failure of these systems could cause system interruptions, delays in our product development, and loss of critical data.