The financial performance of Southern Company and its subsidiaries may be adversely affected if the subsidiaries are unable to successfully operate their facilities or perform certain corporate functions. There are many risks that could affect these operations and performance of corporate functions, including operator error or failure of equipment or processes, accidents, operating limitations imposed by environmental or other regulatory requirements, labor disputes, physical attacks, fuel or material supply interruptions, and compliance with mandatory reliability standards, including mandatory cybersecurity standards. An information security incident, including a cybersecurity breach, or the failure of, or inability to remotely access, one or more key technology systems, networks, or processes could impact the ability of the registrants to operate. The registrants operate in highly regulated industries that require the continued operation of sophisticated technology systems and network infrastructure, which are part of interconnected systems. The Southern Company system faces a heightened risk of cyberattack, and there have been attacks and threats of attacks on energy infrastructure by cyber actors. The registrants cannot guarantee that security efforts will detect or prevent breaches, operational incidents, or other breakdowns of technology systems and network infrastructure, and cannot provide any assurance that such incidents will not have a material adverse effect in the future. The Southern Company system has become more dependent upon natural gas as a fuel source for its power generation needs, which has the potential to impact costs of generation. The traditional electric operating companies and Southern Power are in the process of constructing new generating facilities and adding environmental modifications to certain existing generating facilities. The completion of these types of projects without delays or significant cost overruns is subject to substantial risks, including challenges with managing contractors, adverse weather conditions, and operational readiness. If a subsidiary registrant is unable to complete the development or construction of a project or decides to delay or cancel construction, it may not be able to recover its investment in that project and may incur substantial cancellation payments. The registrants continually seek opportunities to create value through various transactions, including acquisitions or sales of assets, which may not result in anticipated benefits and may present risks not originally contemplated. The businesses of the registrants require substantial expenditures for investments in new facilities as well as capital improvements, including transmission, distribution, and generation facilities. The registrants are subject to risks associated with their ability to obtain adequate insurance at acceptable costs, and the financial condition of some insurance companies could have disruptive effects on insurance markets. The registrants rely on access to both short-term money markets and longer-term capital markets as a significant source of liquidity to meet capital requirements not satisfied by the cash flow from their respective operations. If any of the registrants is not able to access capital at competitive rates or on favorable terms, its ability to implement its business plan will be limited due to weakened capacity to fund capital investments or acquisitions. The registrants must attract, train, and retain a workforce to meet current and future needs, and events such as an aging workforce or mismatch of skill sets to future needs may lead to operating challenges. The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic could include extended disruptions to supply chains and capital markets, further reduced labor availability and productivity, and a prolonged reduction in economic activity, which could adversely impact the registrants.