We face risks associated with security breaches through cyber-attacks, cyber intrusions, or otherwise, as well as other significant disruptions of our information technology (IT) networks and related systems. Our IT networks and related systems are essential to the operation of our business and our ability to perform day-to-day operations and, in some cases, may be critical to the operations of certain of our tenants. We face risks associated with security breaches, whether through cyber-attacks or cyber intrusions over the internet, malware, computer viruses, hardware or software corruption or failure, or poor product or vendor/developer selection. Although we make efforts to maintain the security and integrity of these types of IT networks and related systems, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. The risk of a security breach or significant disruption has generally increased due to our increased reliance on technology, a rise in the number, intensity, and sophistication of attempted attacks globally, and the remote working environment throughout the COVID-19 pandemic. A breach or significant and extended disruption in the functioning of our systems could damage our reputation and cause us to lose customers, tenants, and revenues, generate third-party claims, cause operational disruption, result in the unintended and/or unauthorized public disclosure or the misappropriation of proprietary, personal identifying and confidential information, and require us to incur significant expenses to address and remediate or otherwise resolve these kinds of issues. We may not be able to recover these expenses in whole or in any part from our service providers or responsible parties, or their or our insurers. Additionally, cyber-attacks perpetrated against our tenants could diminish consumer confidence and spending and materially and adversely affect us. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has already had a significant negative impact on economic and market conditions around the world, and the pandemic continues to adversely impact economic activity in retail real estate. The impact of the COVID-19 pandemic continues to evolve, and governments and other authorities have imposed measures intended to control its spread, including restrictions on freedom of movement, group gatherings, and business operations. Although tenants and consumers have been adapting to the COVID-19 pandemic, such adaptations may take time, and there is no guarantee that retail will return to pre-pandemic levels even once the pandemic subsides. Our ability to manage our respective businesses may be impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, including the ability of our management or personnel to conduct work, and our ability to ensure business continuity in the event our continuity of operations plan is not effective or is compromised due to increased cyber and remote access activity during the pandemic. We continually seek to re-lease vacant spaces resulting from tenant terminations, and the bankruptcy of a tenant may require a substantial redevelopment of its space, the success of which cannot be assured. Our properties compete with other forms of retailing such as pure online retail websites, and many of our tenants are omni-channel retailers who also distribute their products through online sales. The increased popularity of digital and mobile technologies has accelerated the transition of a percentage of market share from shopping at physical stores to web-based shopping, and the ongoing pandemic has significantly increased the utilization of e-commerce.