We rely extensively on information technology (IT) systems to conduct business. In addition, we rely on networks and services, including internet sites, cloud and SaaS solutions, data hosting and processing facilities and tools and other hardware, software and technical applications and platforms, some of which are managed, hosted, provided and/or used by third-parties or their vendors, to assist in conducting our business. Numerous and evolving cybersecurity threats pose potential risks to the security of our IT systems, networks and product offerings, as well as the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. A security breach, whether of our products, of our customers' network security and systems or of third-party hosting services, could impact the use of such products and the security of information stored therein. While we have made investments seeking to address these threats, including monitoring of networks and systems, hiring of experts, employee training and security policies for employees and third-party providers, the techniques used in these attacks change frequently and may be difficult to detect for periods of time and we may face difficulties in anticipating and implementing adequate preventative measures. An inability to successfully manage the implementation of our new global enterprise resource planning (ERP) system could adversely affect our operations and operating results. We are in the process of implementing a new global ERP system. This system will replace many of our existing operating and financial systems. Such an implementation is a major undertaking, both financially and from a management and personnel perspective. Any disruptions, delays or deficiencies in the design and implementation of our new ERP system could adversely affect our ability to process orders, ship products, provide services and customer support, send invoices and track payments, fulfill contractual obligations or otherwise operate our business. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding and human resources to further organizational goals. The actions we take to mitigate the effect of the pandemic on our workforce could reduce the efficiency of our operations or prove insufficient. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, a significant and unpredictable need to adjust our operations as market demand for certain of our products has shifted and continues to shift. Our relationships with our employees may be disrupted due to the cost-saving and other measures implemented in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, including employee furloughs, which could result in increased employment litigation and claims for severance or other benefits tied to terminations or furloughs or attempts to unionize portions of our workforce. Our management must determine the appropriate allocation of income to each jurisdiction based on current interpretations of complex income tax regulations. We are subject to extensive governmental regulation relating to the classification, manufacturing, labeling, marketing and sale of our products. The process of obtaining regulatory clearances and/or approvals to market and sell our products can be costly and time-consuming and the clearances and/or approvals might not be granted timely. We are subject to privacy, data protection and data security regulations and laws globally, and could face substantial penalties if we fail to comply with such regulations and laws. We manage a portion of our exposure to self-insured losses through a wholly-owned captive insurance company. Our ability to issue additional debt or enter into other financing arrangements on acceptable terms could be adversely affected by our debt levels, unfavorable changes in economic conditions or uncertainties that affect the capital markets, including disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic.