We recognize that most of these factors are beyond our ability to control and therefore we cannot predict an outcome. Our costs to provide current benefits and funding for future benefits are subject to increases, primarily due to continuing increases in medical and prescription drug costs, and can be affected by lower returns on assets held by our pension and other benefit plans. The financial accounting standards board requires companies to recognize the funded status of defined benefit pension and postretirement plans as an asset or liability in their statement of financial position and to recognize changes in that funded status in the year in which the changes occur. Significant adverse changes in capital markets could result in the deterioration of our defined benefit plans' funded status and result in increased contribution requirements for such plans. We need to comply with a wide variety of complex local laws, regulations and treaties. We are exposed to restrictions on cash repatriation, foreign exchange controls, fluctuations in currency values, changes in relationships between U.S. and foreign governments, trade restrictions including potential tariffs, differences in intellectual property protection laws, and other regulations that may affect materially our earnings. Our operations have been impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, which has caused significant changes in customer behavior and demand for services. The pandemic has driven higher costs for our Warnermedia business. We must continually invest in our networks in order to improve our wireless, video and broadband services to meet this increasing demand and changes in customer expectations. Improvements in these services depend on many factors, including continued access to and deployment of adequate spectrum and the capital needed to expand our wireline network to support transport of these services. We must maintain and expand our network capacity and coverage for transport of video, data and voice between cell and fixed landline sites. Our ability to respond will depend, among other things, on continued improvement in network quality and customer service and our ability to price our products and services competitively. The continuing growth of IP-based services has created or potentially could create conflicting regulation between the FCC and various state and local authorities, which may involve lengthy litigation to resolve and may result in outcomes unfavorable to us. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused and could further cause reduced staffing levels at our call centers and field operations, resulting in delays in service. Our ability to maintain and upgrade our video programming also depends on our ability to successfully deploy and operate video satellites. Our wired network in particular is becoming increasingly reliant on software as it evolves to handle increasing demands for video transmission. Cyberattacks, major equipment failures or natural disasters may materially adversely affect our operations. Our ability to maintain and upgrade our video programming also depends on our ability to successfully deploy and operate video satellites. Our international operations have increased our exposure to political instability and changes in the international economy. We are transitioning services from our old copper-based network and seeking regulatory approvals, where needed, at both the state and federal levels. We have been and will be undertaking certain transformation initiatives, which are designed to reduce costs, streamline distribution, remove redundancies and simplify and improve processes and support functions. Our focus is on supporting added customer value with an improved customer experience. We intend for these efficiencies to enable increased investments in our strategic areas of focus which consist of improving broadband connectivity, developing software-based entertainment, and utilizing Warnermedia's storytelling legacy to engage consumers and gain insights across multiple distribution points.