We rely heavily on certain customers for much of our sales. A material reduction in purchasing by one of our larger customers for any reason could have a material adverse effect on results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. Our business may be adversely affected if we cannot consummate acquisitions on satisfactory terms, or if we cannot effectively integrate acquired operations. The successful integration of new businesses depends on our ability to manage these new businesses and cut excess costs. Our business strategy is made up of two key elements: a value-driven operating strategy focused around our three core value drivers and a selective acquisition strategy. We believe that our diversified revenue base reduces our dependence on any particular product, platform, or market channel and has been a significant factor in maintaining our financial performance. Our selective acquisition strategy has also contributed to the growth of our business. The integration of certain acquisitions into our existing businesses combined with implementing our proven operating strategy has historically resulted in improvements in the financial performance of the acquired business. The company is actively managing the business to maintain cash flow, including the cost mitigation efforts in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and is continuing to focus on the application of its three core value-driven operating strategies. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused a significant adverse impact on our sales, net income, and EBITDA as defined for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2020. We expect to meet our short-term cash liquidity requirements through net cash from operating activities, cash on hand, and, if needed, additional draws on the revolving credit facility. Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future, which is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors that are beyond our control. The company has significant cash liquidity which will allow us to meet our anticipated funding requirements. We believe our cash provided by operating activities and available borrowing capacity will enable us to make strategic business combinations, pay dividends to our shareholders, and/or make opportunistic investments in our own stock. Our operations depend on our manufacturing facilities, which are subject to physical and other risks that could disrupt production. Disruptions could also occur due to health-related outbreaks and crises, cyber-attacks, computer or equipment malfunction, operator error, or process failures. We face significant competition and operate in a highly competitive global industry. We believe that our ability to compete depends on high product performance, consistent high quality, short lead-time and timely delivery, competitive pricing, superior customer service and support, and continued certification under customer quality requirements and assurance programs. The aerospace industry, in particular, remains highly fragmented, with many of the companies in the industry being small private businesses or small non-core operations of larger businesses. We have significant experience among our management team in executing acquisitions and integrating acquired businesses into our company and culture. Our business strategy includes obtaining profitable new business, improving our cost structure, and providing highly engineered value-added products to customers. The successful integration of future acquisitions may also require substantial attention from our senior management and the management of the acquired business, which could decrease the time that they have to service, attract customers, and develop new products and services or attend to other acquisition opportunities.