The company faces cybersecurity risks, including denial of service, hacking, and social engineering attacks that could result in the disclosure of confidential information, adversely affecting the company's operations or reputation and creating significant legal and financial exposure. Truist will continually encounter technological change and must effectively develop and implement new technology. The financial services industry is undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. Truist expects to make additional investments in innovation and technology to address technological disruption in the industry and improve client offerings and service. The company's continued success depends, in part, upon the ability to address clients' needs by using technology to provide products and services that satisfy client demands, including demands for faster and more secure payment services, to create efficiencies in operations and to integrate those offerings with legacy platforms or to update those legacy platforms. A failure to maintain or enhance the company's competitive position with respect to technology, whether because of a failure to anticipate client expectations, a failure in the performance of technological developments, or an untimely rollout of developments, may cause the company to lose market share or incur additional expense. The company's operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties, could fail or be breached, which could disrupt the company's business and adversely impact the company's results of operations, liquidity, and financial condition, as well as cause legal or reputational harm. Truist depends on the expertise of key personnel; if these individuals leave or change their roles without effective replacements, operations may suffer. The company's framework for managing risks may not be effective, and there are risks resulting from the extensive use of models in Truist's business, which may impact decisions made by management and regulators. The company relies on quantitative models to measure risks and to estimate certain financial values. Models may be used in processes such as determining the pricing of various products, grading loans and extending credit, measuring interest rate and other market risks, predicting or estimating losses, assessing capital adequacy, and calculating economic and regulatory capital levels. The company's risk management framework seeks to mitigate risk and loss, and it has established policies, processes, and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor, report, and analyze the types of risk to which the company is subject, including technology risk. Truist's technology risk framework provides the foundation for technology risk strategy, program, and oversight, defining key objectives, operating model components, risk domains, and capabilities to manage this risk. The company actively monitors and evaluates threats, events, and the performance of its business operations and continually adapts its risk mitigation activities accordingly. Truist's cybersecurity strategy is enabled by continuous enhancement of its multilayered defenses, including advanced capabilities for early and rapid cyber threat identification, detection, protection, response, and recovery. The company has built an organization with dedicated, skilled talent to operationalize its cybersecurity strategy. The board devotes significant time and attention to its oversight of cybersecurity risk and approves related information security policies. Truist's risk management framework promotes the execution of business strategies and objectives in alignment with its risk appetite, and it has developed and employs a risk taxonomy that guides business functions in identifying, measuring, responding to, monitoring, and reporting on possible exposures to the organization.