Our business depends on our information technology ("IT") systems, which collect and process information of customers, associates and other persons, as well as information of our business and of our suppliers, service providers, and other third parties. We rely heavily on information technology systems, including those operated and maintained by our suppliers, service providers, and other third parties to manage all key aspects of our business, including planning; purchasing; sales, including point-of-sale processing and e-commerce; supply chain management; inventory management; human resources; financial management; communications; information security; and legal and regulatory compliance. This reliance requires us to accurately anticipate our current and future information technology needs and successfully develop, implement, and maintain appropriate systems, as well as effective disaster recovery plans for such systems. Our ongoing operations and successful growth are dependent on doing so, as well as the ongoing integrity, security and consistent operations of these systems, including related back-up systems. Our information technology systems, as well as those of our suppliers, service providers, and other third parties whose information technology systems we utilize directly or indirectly, are targeted by attempts to access or obtain personal or sensitive information, attempts at monetary theft, and attempts to disrupt business. These attempts could include use of malware, ransomware, phishing, social engineering, denial-of-service attacks, exploitation of system vulnerabilities, employee malfeasance, digital and physical skimmers, account takeovers, and other forms of cyber attacks. These attempts are becoming increasingly sophisticated, heightening the risk of compromise or disruption. Changes in the business landscape and the increase of remote working for our associates, service providers, and other third parties have the potential to increase the likelihood of system damage or disruption and increase the risk of a data security compromise. These factors have led to additional mitigation strategies and investments across our IT security workforce, technologies, and processes. In addition, the global regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, and unauthorized access of personal or sensitive information could result in regulatory enforcement actions, class actions, contract liability, or other forms of material legal liability. Any successful compromise or disruption of our information technology systems, or other compromise of the information of our customers, associates or other persons that we collect, could result in material reputational harm and impact our customers' willingness to shop in our stores or online and/or our suppliers', service providers' or other third parties' willingness to do business with us. We maintain policies, procedures, and controls designed to reduce the risks of data security compromises and information technology failures or disruptions, but such controls cannot fully eliminate such risks and may fail to operate as intended or be circumvented. While we have implemented measures designed to further strengthen these policies, procedures and controls since the unauthorized intrusions into our network discovered late in 2006, we may suffer a similar or different cyber event in the future. These measures also require costly and ongoing investment in technologies, hiring, training, and compliance. There is a risk of material business disruption, liability and reputational damage associated with ongoing actions intended to update, enhance, modify or replace our systems and infrastructure, including from not accurately capturing and maintaining data, efficiently testing and implementing changes, realizing the expected benefit of the change and managing the potential disruption of the actions and diversion of internal teams' attention as the changes are implemented. Our substantial size can make it challenging to run our complex operations effectively and to manage suitable internal resources and third-party providers with appropriate oversight to support our business effectively, including for administration, systems (including information technology systems), merchandising, sourcing, store operations, distribution, logistics, and compliance.