The property and casualty insurance industry is highly competitive, and we believe that it will remain highly competitive for the foreseeable future. The competitive environment in which we operate could also be impacted by current general economic conditions, which could reduce the volume of business available to us as well as to our competitors. In recent years, pension and hedge funds and other entities with substantial available capital and potentially lower return objectives have increasingly sought to participate in the property and casualty insurance and reinsurance businesses. Well-capitalized new entrants to the property and casualty insurance and reinsurance industries and existing competitors that receive substantial infusions of capital may conduct business in ways that adversely impact our business volumes and profitability. Technological changes also present competitive risks. For example, our competitive position could be impacted if we are unable to deploy, in a cost-effective and competitive manner, technology such as artificial intelligence and machine learning that collects and analyzes a wide variety of data points to make underwriting or other decisions, or if our competitors collect and use data which we do not have the ability to access or use. The company depends in large part on its technology systems for conducting business and processing claims, as well as for providing the data and analytics utilized to manage its business. As a result, the company's business success is dependent on maintaining the effectiveness of existing technology systems and on continuing to develop and enhance technology systems that support its business processes and strategic initiatives in an efficient manner. The company utilizes various analyses and methods, including proprietary and third-party computer modeling processes, to make underwriting and reinsurance decisions designed to manage its exposure to catastrophic events. The company actively monitors and evaluates changes in third-party models and, when necessary, calibrates the catastrophe risk model estimates delivered via its own proprietary modeling processes. The company discusses how changing climate conditions may present other issues for its business, including increasingly unpredictable and severe weather conditions that could result in increased frequency and severity of claims under policies issued by the company. The company has also experienced increased catastrophe losses due to a number of potential factors, including more people living in high-risk areas, population growth in areas with weaker enforcement of building codes, urban expansion, and an increase in the average size of a house. The estimation of claims and claim adjustment expense reserves can be affected by various factors, including changes in claims handling procedures, adverse changes in loss cost trends, and changes in the tort environment. The company employs dedicated specialists and comprehensive strategies to manage reinsurance collections and disputes. The company monitors the financial condition of its reinsurers under voluntary reinsurance arrangements to minimize its exposure to significant losses from reinsurer insolvencies. The company's investment strategy focuses on maintaining a high-quality investment portfolio and a relatively short average effective duration, with the majority of investments comprised of a widely diversified portfolio of high-quality, liquid, taxable U.S. government, tax-exempt and taxable U.S. municipal and taxable corporate bonds. The company evaluates and monitors the financial condition of its reinsurers under voluntary reinsurance arrangements to minimize its exposure to significant losses from reinsurer insolvencies. The company's investment portfolio is managed to support its insurance operations; accordingly, the portfolio is positioned to meet obligations to policyholders.