We rely on information technology in all aspects of our business, including technology systems operated by us or under control of third parties. If we do not have sufficient capital to acquire, develop, or implement new technology or maintain or upgrade current systems, such as PTC or the latest version of our transportation control systems, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage within the rail industry and with companies providing other modes of transportation service. We devote significant resources to protect our technology systems and proprietary data; however, we have experienced and will continue to experience varying degrees of cyber incidents in the normal course of business. While there can be no assurance that the systems we have designed to prevent or limit the effects of cyber incidents or attacks will be sufficient to prevent or detect such incidents or attacks, we are continually evaluating attackers' techniques and tactics, and we are diligent in our monitoring, training, planning, and prevention. A successful cyber-attack may result in significant service interruption; safety failure; other operational difficulties; unauthorized access to competitively sensitive, confidential, or other critical data or systems; loss of customers; financial losses; regulatory fines; and misuse or corruption of critical data and proprietary information, which could all have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. We are continually evaluating the impact of COVID-19 on our financial condition and liquidity. The pandemic caused a dramatic slowdown of the economy as government intervention forced closures and changed individual behaviors, and businesses transformed their operations to protect the health and safety of their employees, customers, and communities. Enhanced safety procedures were implemented across the system, including new procedures and policies based on CDC guidelines. We will continue using and expanding the deployment of total safety culture, courage to care, commit, and peer to peer throughout our operations, which allows us to identify and implement best practices for employee and operational safety. We will continue to transform our railroad to further increase reliability of our service product, reduce variability in network operations, and improve resource utilization. Continued implementation of train length initiatives will allow us to add incremental volume growth to our existing train network. Our capital plan includes investments intended to support growth and improve productivity and operational efficiency. We expect uncertainties with COVID-19 and the economy to continue, which could result in customer disruptions, an elongated recovery period, or a downturn from our current business levels. We face competition from other railroads and other transportation providers, and any future consolidation of the rail industry could materially affect our competitive environment. We are subject to significant governmental regulation, and significant legislative activity in Congress or regulatory activity could expand regulation of railroad operations and prices for rail services, which could reduce capital spending on our rail network, facilities, and equipment. Our ability to generate cash is influenced by our operational efficiency, which is supported by our IT capabilities. We rely on technology improvements in our business operations, and our operational transformation has produced an all-time record operating ratio, improving due to productivity initiatives, lower fuel prices, and core pricing gains. Our investments in technology and infrastructure are critical to maintaining a competitive advantage and enhancing our operational capabilities in response to market dynamics and consumer demands.