Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk, and you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below in addition to the other information included or incorporated by reference in this annual report on Form 10-K. Our ability to execute on our long-term strategy depends in part on our ability to engage in transactions and collaborations with other entities that add to our pipeline or provide us with new commercial opportunities. We face risks in connection with existing and future collaborations with respect to the development, manufacture, and commercialization of our products and drug candidates. Our ability to attract collaborators or external funding for the development and commercialization of certain of our drug candidates may be limited. We depend on third-party manufacturers to manufacture our products and the materials we require for our clinical trials, and we rely on third parties to conduct pre-clinical work, clinical trials, and other activities. We maintain and rely extensively on information technology systems and network infrastructures for the effective operation of our business. A disruption, infiltration, or failure of our information technology systems or any of our data centers could materially adversely affect our business and subject us to both private and governmental causes of action. The size and complexity of our information technology and information security systems make such systems potentially vulnerable to service interruptions and to security breaches. We have implemented security measures in an attempt to minimize these risks to our data and information technology systems and have adopted a business continuity plan to deal with a disruption to our information technology systems. However, cyber-attacks are increasing in their frequency, sophistication, and intensity, and have become increasingly difficult to detect. Our research and development expenses include internal and external costs incurred for research and development of our drugs and drug candidates and expenses related to certain technology that we acquire or license through business development transactions. We expect to continue to invest in our research programs with a focus on identifying drug candidates with the goal of creating transformative medicines for serious diseases. Our future success is dependent on our ability to successfully develop additional drug candidates for both cystic fibrosis and non-cystic fibrosis indications. The duration and cost of discovery, nonclinical studies, and clinical trials may vary significantly over the life of a project and are difficult to predict. We are subject to various and evolving laws and regulations governing the privacy and security of personal data, and our failure to comply could adversely affect our business, result in fines and/or criminal penalties, and damage our reputation. Our ability to execute on our long-term strategy depends in part on our ability to engage in transactions and collaborations with other entities that add to our pipeline or provide us with new commercial opportunities. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions of businesses or technologies, and the integration following any such acquisition may disrupt our business and management. Our business faces potential risks relating to the United Kingdom's withdrawal from the European Union, and we have expanded our international operations over the past several years in order to market our cystic fibrosis medicines and expand our research and development capabilities. We expect to continue to focus significant resources to obtain appropriate reimbursement for our products in ex-U.S. markets.