The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has subjected our business, operations, and financial condition to a number of risks, including increased operational costs due to public health measures and additional health and safety measures adopted by us and our operators. These increased costs may affect our ability to generate revenues and meet our obligations. Our seniors housing operating revenues are dependent on occupancy, which has consistently declined since the beginning of the pandemic. The pandemic has also created a heightened risk of tenant, operator, borrower, manager, or other obligor bankruptcy or insolvency, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. We have incurred increased operational costs related to the introduction of public health measures and other regulations affecting our properties, as well as additional health and safety measures adopted by us and our operators. Our operators and tenants are expected to encounter increased competition in the future that could limit their ability to attract residents or expand their businesses. The ability to transition or sell properties with profitable results may be limited due to uncertainty regarding the length and severity of the pandemic. We have a significant development portfolio, and while we have experienced minor delays, we may face more significant delays in the future. Our investments in and acquisitions of health care and seniors housing properties may be unsuccessful or fail to meet our expectations, and we may encounter unanticipated difficulties and expenditures related to any acquired properties. The reliance on our joint venture partners and the operational risks associated with properties managed in REIT structures could have a material adverse effect on our business. We depend on key personnel whose continued service is not guaranteed, and competition for qualified personnel is intense. Our business strategy includes investing across the full spectrum of seniors housing and health care real estate and diversifying our investment portfolio by property type, relationship, and geographic location. We monitor our investments through various methods, including review of monthly financial statements and other operating data for each property, and we aim to intervene at an early stage to address any negative trends. Our asset management process includes evaluating the operating environment in each property's market to determine the likely trend in operating performance. We also utilize various key performance indicators to evaluate our business and make resource allocations. Our ability to achieve our financial objectives is dependent upon our ability to effectively execute our plans and respond to emerging economic and company-specific trends. The determination of the allowance for credit losses is based on a quarterly evaluation of all outstanding loans, including general economic conditions and estimated collectability of loan payments. We evaluate the collectability of our loans receivable based on a combination of factors, including payment status, historical loan charge-offs, financial strength of the borrower and guarantors, and the nature, extent, and value of the underlying collateral. Our information technology networks, suppliers, and related systems are essential to our ability to perform day-to-day operations of our business. Cybersecurity incidents could disrupt our business and result in the loss of confidential information, and we must continuously monitor and develop our systems to protect our technology infrastructure and data from misappropriation or corruption.