Our strategy, which includes investments in ecommerce, technology, acquisitions, joint ventures, store remodels, and other customer initiatives, may not adequately or effectively allow us to continue to grow our ecommerce business, increase comparable store sales, maintain or grow our overall market position or otherwise offset the impact on the growth of our business of a moderated pace of new store and club openings. The success of this strategy will depend in large measure on our ability to continue building and delivering a seamless omni-channel shopping experience for our customers. We rely extensively on information systems to process transactions, summarize results, and manage our business. Disruptions in our systems could harm our ability to conduct our operations. Our information systems are essential to our business operations, including the processing of transactions, management of our associates, facilities, logistics, inventories, physical stores and clubs, and our online operations. Our digital platforms, which are increasingly important to our business and continue to grow in complexity and scope, are regularly subject to cyberattacks. Those attacks involve attempts to gain unauthorized access to our ecommerce websites or mobile commerce applications to obtain and misuse customers' or members' information. If we are unable to maintain the security of our digital platforms and keep them operating within acceptable parameters, we could suffer loss of sales, reductions in transactions, reputational damage, and deterioration of our competitive position. We are constantly updating our information technology processes and systems. The risk of system disruption is increased when significant system changes are undertaken. If we fail to timely integrate and update our information systems and processes, we may fail to realize the cost savings or operational benefits anticipated to be derived from these initiatives. Our strategy includes improving our customer-facing initiatives in stores and clubs and creating a seamless omni-channel experience for our customers. As such, we are allocating more capital to ecommerce, technology, supply chain, and store remodels and less to new store and club openings. We must anticipate and meet our customers' changing expectations while adjusting for technology investments and developments in our competitors' operations through focusing on the building and delivery of a seamless shopping experience across all channels. Any failure on our part to provide attractive, user-friendly secure digital platforms that offer a wide assortment of merchandise at competitive prices and with low-cost and rapid delivery options could place us at a competitive disadvantage, result in the loss of ecommerce and other sales, harm our reputation with customers, and have a material adverse impact on the growth of our ecommerce business globally. Our information systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, worms, other malicious computer programs, denial-of-service attacks, security breaches, catastrophic events, and usage errors by our associates or contractors. If our systems are damaged, breached, or cease to function properly, we may have to make a significant investment to repair or replace them and may experience loss or corruption of critical data as well as suffer interruptions in our business operations in the interim. Any interruption to our information systems may have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations.