item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations financial review abbott's revenues are derived primarily from the sale of a broad line of health care products under short-term receivable arrangements. patent protection and licenses, technological and performance features, and inclusion of abbott's products under a contract most impact which products are sold; price controls, competition and rebates most impact the net selling prices of products; and foreign currency translation impacts the measurement of net sales and costs. abbott's primary products are nutritional products, branded generic pharmaceuticals, diagnostic testing products and vascular products. sales in international markets comprise approximately 70 percent of consolidated net sales.
in july 2014, abbott announced that it will sell its developed markets branded generics pharmaceuticals business to mylan inc. (mylan) for 110 million shares of a newly formed publically traded entity that will combine mylan's existing business and abbott's developed markets pharmaceuticals business. the sale of this business closed on february 27, 2015. in november 2014, abbott entered into an agreement to sell its animal health business to zoetis inc. the sale of this business closed on february 10, 2015. on january 1, 2013, abbott completed the separation of abbvie inc. (abbvie), which was formed to hold abbott's research-based proprietary pharmaceuticals business. the historical operating results of these businesses prior to disposition are excluded from earnings from continuing operations and are presented on the earnings from discontinued operations line in abbott's consolidated statement of earnings. any assets or liabilities related to these businesses are being reported as held for sale in abbott's consolidated balance sheet at december 31, 2014. the cash flows of these businesses up through the date of disposition or separation are included in its consolidated statements of cash flows for all periods presented.
over the last three years, sales growth and margin improvement was driven primarily by the nutritional and diagnostics businesses. sales in emerging markets, which represent nearly 50 percent of total company sales, increased 12.5 percent in 2014 and 10.8 percent in 2013, excluding the impact of foreign exchange. (emerging markets include all countries except the united states, western europe, japan, canada, australia and new zealand.) abbott expanded its operating margin by 200 basis points in 2014 and 380 basis points in 2013. abbott's sales, costs, and financial position over the same period were impacted by a challenging economic and fiscal environment in several emerging economies and the strengthening of the u.s. dollar relative to several international currencies during 2013 and 2014.
in abbott's worldwide nutritional products business, sales over the last three years were positively impacted by demographics such as an aging population and an increasing rate of chronic disease in developed markets and the rise of a middle class in many emerging markets, as well as by numerous new product introductions that leveraged abbott's strong brands. at the same time, manufacturing and distribution process changes and other cost reductions drove margin improvements across the business. operating margins for this business increased from 15.7 percent in 2012 to 21.0 percent in 2014.
in the second half of 2013 and the first two quarters of 2014, sales growth in international pediatric nutrition was affected by a product recall initiated in august 2013 in china and two other markets for certain pediatric nutritional products supplied to abbott by a third-party manufacturer. while there were no health issues associated with the recalled products, and the supplier subsequently determined that the products had been safe for consumption, the recall created significant disruption in these markets. as a result, international pediatric nutrition sales were significantly lower than abbott's previous expectations for this business for the second half of 2013. abbott initiated investments in the third quarter of 2013 in these markets to rebuild consumer confidence and this business had recovered from this disruption by the beginning of the third quarter of 2014.
in 2014, abbott increased the local presence of its nutrition business in various countries by investing in its global infrastructure. abbott opened three new manufacturing plants, one in china, one in india, and one in the united states to meet the demand for its products, and formed a strategic alliance with fonterra, the world's largest dairy cooperative, to develop a proposed dairy farm hub in china.
in abbott's worldwide diagnostics business, margin improvement continued to be a key focus in 2014. operating margins increased from 19.2 percent of sales in 2012 to 22.9 percent in 2014 as the business continued to execute on efficiency initiatives in the manufacturing and supply chain functions. in addition to continued margin improvement, unit growth across geographical regions positively impacted worldwide diagnostic sales. worldwide sales for this business increased 6.4 percent in 2014 and 8.3 percent in 2013, excluding foreign exchange.
in the established pharmaceutical products segment, abbott announced in july 2014 that it will sell its developed markets branded generics pharmaceuticals business to mylan inc. as a result, the current and prior year operating results of the developed markets branded generics business are reported as part of discontinued operations. following the close of this transaction, the established pharmaceuticals business will operate entirely in emerging markets. on september 26, 2014, abbott completed its acquisition of a controlling interest in cfr pharmaceuticals s.a. (cfr). the acquisition of cfr more than doubles abbott's branded generics pharmaceutical presence in latin america and further expands its presence in emerging markets. on december 12, 2014, abbott acquired control of veropharm, a leading russian pharmaceutical company. through this acquisition, abbott establishes a manufacturing footprint in russia and obtains a portfolio of medicines that is well aligned with abbott's current pharmaceutical therapeutic areas of focus.
the growth in established pharmaceuticals sales from continuing operations accelerated over the course of 2014 after macroeconomic and market pressures in certain emerging markets impacted this business in 2013. for the year in total, 2014 sales increased 14.9 percent excluding the effect of foreign exchange.
in the vascular business, over the last three years, abbott has continued to develop its worldwide market-leading xience drug-eluting stent (des) franchise. the xience franchise includes xience v, prime, nano, pro, prox, xpedition, and  alpine. abbott vascular products' latest product introduction, xience alpine, was launched in the u.s. late in the fourth quarter of 2014 and is the only product on the market in the u.s. with an indication to treat chronic total inclusions (cto). the  xience franchise maintained its market-leading global position in 2014. in 2014 and 2013, while mitraclip, absorb, and the endovascular franchise contributed to sales growth, total vascular sales were flat, excluding the unfavorable effect of exchange, as volume increases were almost entirely offset by pricing pressures primarily related to des and other coronary products as well as lower des market share in the u.s. operating margins improved from 33.2 percent in 2012 to 36.5 percent in 2014 as cost improvement initiatives were executed across the business.
abbott's short- and long-term debt totaled $7.8 billion at december 31, 2014. at december 31, 2014, abbott's long-term debt rating was a+ by standard and poor's corporation and a1 by moody's investors service. in the fourth quarter of 2014, abbott extinguished approximately $500 million of long-term debt that was assumed as part of the acquisition of cfr and incurred a charge of $18.3 million related to the early repayment of this debt. in the fourth quarter of 2012, abbott extinguished $7.7 billion of long-term debt and incurred a charge of $1.35 billion related to the early repayment, net of gains from the unwinding of interest rate swaps related to the debt.
abbott declared dividends of $0.90 per share in 2014 compared to $0.64 per share in 2013, a 40% increase. dividends paid were $1.342 billion in 2014 compared to $882 million in 2013. the year-over-year change in dividends reflects the impact of the increase in the dividend rate. in december 2014, abbott increased the company's quarterly dividend to $0.24 per share from $0.22 per share, effective with the dividend paid in february 2015.
in 2015, abbott will focus on several key initiatives. in the nutritional business, abbott will continue to build its product portfolio with the introduction of new science-based products, expand in high-growth emerging markets and implement additional margin improvement initiatives. in the established pharmaceuticals business, abbott will continue to focus on obtaining additional product approvals across numerous countries and increasing its penetration of emerging markets. in the diagnostics business, abbott will focus on the development of next-generation instrument platforms and other advanced technologies, expansion in emerging markets, and further improvements in the segment's operating margin. in the vascular business, abbott will continue to focus on marketing products in the coronary and endovascular franchises, and increasing mitraclip sales, as well as further clinical development of  absorb, its bioresorbable vascular scaffold (bvs) device and a further penetration of absorb in numerous countries. in abbott's other segments, abbott will focus on developing differentiated technologies in higher growth markets.
critical accounting policies sales rebates —  in 2014, approximately 43 percent of abbott's consolidated gross revenues were subject to various forms of rebates and allowances that abbott recorded as reductions of revenues at the time of sale. most of these rebates and allowances in 2014 are in the nutritional products and diabetes care segments. abbott provides rebates to state agencies that administer the special supplemental nutrition program for women, infants, and children (wic), wholesalers, group purchasing organizations, and other government agencies and private entities. rebate amounts are usually based upon the volume of purchases using contractual or statutory prices for a product. factors used in the rebate calculations include the identification of which products have been sold subject to a rebate, which customer or government agency price terms apply, and the estimated lag time between sale and payment of a rebate. using historical trends, adjusted for current changes, abbott estimates the amount of the rebate that will be paid, and records the liability as a reduction of gross sales when abbott records its sale of the product. settlement of the rebate generally occurs from one to six months after sale. abbott regularly analyzes the historical rebate trends and makes adjustments to reserves for changes in trends and terms of rebate programs. rebates and chargebacks charged against gross sales in 2014, 2013 and 2012 amounted to approximately $2.1 billion, $1.9 billion and $1.8 billion, respectively, or 19.2 percent, 18.4 percent and 18.3 percent, respectively, based on gross sales of approximately $10.7 billion, $10.5 billion and $9.8 billion, respectively, subject to rebate. a one-percentage point increase in the percentage of rebates to related gross sales would decrease net sales by approximately $107 million in 2014. abbott considers a one-percentage point increase to be a reasonably likely increase in the percentage of rebates to related gross sales. other allowances charged against gross sales were approximately $138 million, $146 million and $144 million for cash discounts in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively, and $210 million, $208 million and $198 million for returns in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. cash discounts are known within 15 to 30 days of sale, and therefore can be reliably estimated. returns can be reliably estimated because abbott's historical returns are low, and because sales returns terms and other sales terms have remained relatively unchanged for several periods.
management analyzes the adequacy of ending rebate accrual balances each quarter. in the domestic nutritional business, management uses both internal and external data available to estimate the level of inventory in the distribution channel. management has access to several large customers' inventory management data, and for other customers, utilizes data from a third party that measures time on the retail shelf. these sources allow management to make reliable estimates of inventory in the distribution channel. except for a transition period before or after a change in the supplier for the wic business in a state, inventory in the distribution channel does not vary substantially. management also estimates the states' processing lag time based on claims data. in addition, internal processing time is a factor in estimating the accrual. in the wic business, the state where the sale is made, which is the determining factor for the applicable price, is reliably determinable. estimates are required for the amount of wic sales within each state where abbott has the wic business. external data sources utilized for that estimate are participant data from the u.s. department of agriculture (usda), which administers the wic program, participant data from some of the states, and internally administered market research. the usda has been making its data available for many years. internal data includes historical redemption rates and pricing data. at december 31, 2014, abbott had wic business in 23 states.
historically, adjustments to prior years' rebate accruals have not been material to net income. abbott employs various techniques to verify the accuracy of claims submitted to it, and where possible, works with the organizations submitting claims to gain insight into changes that might affect the rebate amounts. for government agency programs, the calculation of a rebate involves interpretations of relevant regulations, which are subject to challenge or change in interpretation.
income taxes —  abbott operates in numerous countries where its income tax returns are subject to audits and adjustments. because abbott operates globally, the nature of the audit items are often very complex, and the objectives of the government auditors can result in a tax on the same income in more than one country. abbott employs internal and external tax professionals to minimize audit adjustment amounts where possible. in accordance with the accounting rules relating to the measurement of tax contingencies, in order to recognize an uncertain tax benefit, the taxpayer must be more likely than not of sustaining the position, and the measurement of the benefit is calculated as the largest amount that is more than 50 percent likely to be realized upon resolution of the benefit. application of these rules requires a significant amount of judgment. in the u.s., abbott's federal income tax returns through 2011 are settled except for four items, and the income tax returns for years after 2011 are open. abbott does not record deferred income taxes on earnings reinvested indefinitely in foreign subsidiaries.
pension and post-employment benefits —  abbott offers pension benefits and post-employment health care to many of its employees. abbott engages outside actuaries to assist in the determination of the obligations and costs under these programs. abbott must develop long-term assumptions, the most significant of which are the health care cost trend rates, discount rates and the expected return on plan assets. the discount rates used to measure liabilities were determined based on high-quality fixed income securities that match the duration of the expected retiree benefits. the health care cost trend rates represent abbott's expected annual rates of change in the cost of health care benefits and is a forward projection of health care costs as of the measurement date. a difference between the assumed rates and the actual rates, which will not be known for decades, can be significant in relation to the obligations and the annual cost recorded for these programs. low interest rates have significantly increased actuarial losses for these plans. at december 31, 2014, pretax net actuarial losses and prior service costs and (credits) recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for abbott's defined benefit plans and medical and dental plans were losses of $3.2 billion and $161 million, respectively. actuarial losses and gains are amortized over the remaining service attribution periods of the employees under the corridor method, in accordance with the rules for accounting for post-employment benefits. differences between the expected long-term return on plan assets and the actual annual return are amortized over a five-year period. note 13 to the consolidated financial statements describes the impact of a one-percentage point change in the health care cost trend rate; however, there can be no certainty that a change would be limited to only one percentage point.
valuation of intangible assets —  abbott has acquired and continues to acquire significant intangible assets that abbott records at fair value. transactions involving the purchase or sale of intangible assets occur with some frequency between companies in the health care field and valuations are usually based on a discounted cash flow analysis. the discounted cash flow model requires assumptions about the timing and amount of future net cash flows, risk, cost of capital, terminal values and market participants. each of these factors can significantly affect the value of the intangible asset. abbott engages independent valuation experts who review abbott's critical assumptions and calculations for acquisitions of significant intangibles. abbott reviews definite-lived intangible assets for impairment each quarter using an undiscounted net cash flows approach. if the undiscounted cash flows of an intangible asset are less than the carrying value of an intangible asset, the intangible asset is written down to its fair value, which is usually the discounted cash flow amount. where cash flows cannot be identified for an individual asset, the review is applied at the lowest group level for which cash flows are identifiable. goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, which relate to in-process research and development acquired in a business combination, are reviewed for impairment annually or when an event that could result in impairment occurs. at december 31, 2014, goodwill amounted to $10.1 billion and intangibles amounted to $6.2 billion, and amortization expense in continuing operations for intangible assets amounted to $555 million in 2014, $588 million in 2013 and $595 million in 2012. there were no impairments of goodwill in 2014, 2013 or 2012. in 2012, abbott recorded impairment charges of $69 million for certain research and development assets due to changes in the projected development and regulatory timelines for the projects.
litigation —  abbott accounts for litigation losses in accordance with fasb accounting standards codification no. 450, "contingencies." under asc no. 450, loss contingency provisions are recorded for probable losses at management's best estimate of a loss, or when a best estimate cannot be made, a minimum loss contingency amount is recorded. these estimates are often initially developed substantially earlier than the ultimate loss is known, and the estimates are refined each accounting period as additional information becomes known. accordingly, abbott is often initially unable to develop a best estimate of loss, and therefore the minimum amount, which could be zero, is recorded. as information becomes known, either the minimum loss amount is increased, resulting in additional loss provisions, or a best estimate can be made, also resulting in additional loss provisions. occasionally, a best estimate amount is changed to a lower amount when events result in an expectation of a more favorable outcome than previously expected. abbott estimates the range of possible loss to be from approximately $70 million to $85 million for its legal proceedings and environmental exposures. accruals of approximately $80 million have been recorded at december 31, 2014 for these proceedings and exposures. these accruals represent management's best estimate of probable loss, as defined by fasb asc no. 450, "contingencies."
results of operations sales the following table details the components of sales growth by reportable segment for the last three years:
nutritional products segment the increases in total net sales in 2014 and 2013 reflect unit growth, partially offset by the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange. the price declines related to vascular products sales in 2014 and 2013 primarily reflect pricing pressure on drug eluting stents and other coronary products as a result of market competition in the u.s. and other major markets. the impact of reimbursement reductions by the centers for medicare and medicaid services on abbott's diabetes care business also contributed to the overall 3.9% price decline in the u.s. in 2014.
a comparison of significant product and product group sales is as follows. percent changes are versus the prior year and are based on unrounded numbers.
total established pharmaceuticals key emerging markets                                                                $2,308        1   %   (7   )%        8   %
other emerging markets                                                                 810       39       (4   )        43
nutritionals —
international pediatric nutritionals                                                 2,357        5       (2   )         7
u.s. pediatric nutritionals                                                          1,521       (1   )    —            (1   )
international adult nutritionals                                                     1,761       10       (4   )        14
u.s. adult nutritionals                                                              1,314       (3   )    —            (3   )
total established pharmaceuticals key emerging markets                                                                $2,281        1   %   (5   )%        6   %
other emerging markets                                                                 581       13       (1   )        14
nutritionals —
international pediatric nutritionals                                                 2,257        9       (1   )        10
u.s. pediatric nutritionals                                                          1,532        2        —             2
international adult nutritionals                                                     1,601        8       (3   )        11
u.s. adult nutritionals                                                              1,350       (3   )    —            (3   )
excluding the unfavorable effect of exchange, total established pharmaceutical products sales increased 14.9 percent in 2014 and 7.5 percent in 2013. the established pharmaceutical products segment is focused on several key emerging markets including india, russia, china and brazil. excluding the effect of exchange, sales in these key emerging markets increased 7.7 percent in 2014 and 6.0 percent in 2013. excluding the effect of exchange, sales in established pharmaceuticals' other emerging markets increased 43.1 percent in 2014 and increased 14.4 percent in 2013. the increase in 2014 includes the impact of the acquisition of cfr pharmaceuticals in september 2014. excluding sales from cfr and the effects of exchange, revenues increased 7.9% in 2014.
excluding the unfavorable effect of exchange, total nutritional products sales increased 5.0 percent in 2014 and 5.4 percent in 2013. international pediatric nutritional sales increased in 2014 and 2013 due primarily to volume growth in developing countries. a supplier's recall of product in august 2013 in certain international markets negatively impacted international pediatric nutritional sales in the third and fourth quarters of 2013, as well as the first two quarters of 2014. while there were no health issues associated with this supplier recall and the supplier subsequently determined that the product had been safe for consumption, this event created significant disruption in these markets. the decline in 2014 u.s. pediatric nutritional sales primarily reflects lower infant formula revenue. u.s. pediatric sales were flat in 2013 due to lower formula share, partially offset by higher sales of toddler products.
the 2014 and 2013 increases in international adult nutritional sales are due primarily to volume growth in developing countries and were negatively impacted by the effect of the relatively stronger u.s. dollar. the decrease in 2014 u.s. adult nutritional sales reflects a decline in performance nutrition, as well as weakness in the institutional market segment. the 3.1 percent decline in 2013 u.s. adult nutritional sales reflects abbott's exit from certain non-core business lines as part of the business' margin improvement initiative; most of the sales decline resulting from this exit was offset by higher ensure revenues.
excluding the unfavorable effect of exchange, total diagnostic products sales increased 6.4 percent in 2014 and 8.3 percent in 2013. the sales increases reflect unit growth across geographical regions. 2014 and 2013 sales of immunochemistry products, the largest category in this segment, reflect continued execution of abbott's strategy to deliver integrated solutions to large healthcare customers.
excluding the unfavorable effect of exchange, total vascular products sales were virtually flat in 2014 and 2013. in 2014, growth of abbott's  mitraclip structural heart product and endovascular business, including supera peripheral stent, as well as increased penetration of the absorb bioresorbable vascular scaffold in various international markets, was offset by decline in sales of des products due to year-over-year decreases in the u.s. des market and in market share. in 2013, growth in international markets, driven by continued share gains in key geographies of  xience xpedition and absorb, was offset by declines in the u.s. market due to the negative impact of pricing pressure and a decline in procedures due to market conditions, as well as the expected decline of certain royalty revenues.
abbott has periodically sold product rights to non-strategic products and has recorded the related gains in net sales in accordance with abbott's revenue recognition policies as discussed in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. related net sales were not significant in 2014, 2013 and 2012.
operating earnings gross profit margins were 51.7 percent of net sales in 2014, 50.2 percent in 2013 and 50.2 percent in 2012. the gross profit margin improvement in 2014 reflects higher margins in the nutritional, diagnostics, and vascular products segments. the gross profit margin in 2013 remained relatively unchanged versus the prior year as improved margins in the nutritional and diagnostics products segments were offset by margin declines in established pharmaceuticals and vascular products due to pricing pressures and product mix as well as the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange across segments.
in the u.s., states receive price rebates from manufacturers of infant formula under the federally subsidized special supplemental nutrition program for women, infants, and children. there are also rebate programs for pharmaceutical products in numerous countries. these rebate programs continue to have a negative effect on the gross profit margins of the nutritional and established pharmaceutical products segments.
research and development expense was $1.345 billion in 2014, $1.371 billion in 2013, and $1.461 billion in 2012 and represented a 1.9 percent decrease in 2014, and a 6.2 percent decrease in 2013. the 2014 decrease in research and development expenses primarily reflects lower investment due to the completion of several programs in the vascular business. in 2014, research and development expenditures totaled $268 million for the vascular products segment, $432 million for the diagnostics products segment, $129 million for the established pharmaceutical products segment, and $191 million for the nutritional products segment.
selling, general and administrative expenses increased 2.5 percent in 2014 and decreased 5.4 percent in 2013 versus the respective prior year. the 2014 increase reflects an increase in restructuring costs associated with cost reduction initiatives and deal and other expenses related to recent acquisitions, partially offset by continued prudent cost management. the 2013 decrease reflects the transfer of certain 2012 corporate costs to abbvie in the separation as well as certain information technology and other back office support costs that were charged to abbvie in 2013 under transition services agreements. prudent cost management and a reduction in restructuring costs also contributed to the decrease.
business acquisitions in september, 2014, abbott completed the acquisition of the controlling interest in cfr pharmaceuticals s.a. (cfr) for approximately $2.9 billion in cash ($2.8 billion net of cfr cash on hand at closing). including the assumption of approximately $570 million of debt, the total cost of the acquisition was $3.4 billion. the acquisition of cfr more than doubles abbott's branded generics pharmaceutical presence in latin america and further expands its presence in emerging markets. cfr's financial results are included in abbott's financial statements beginning on september 26, 2014, the date that abbott acquired control of this business. abbott owns 99.9% of the outstanding ordinary shares of cfr. the fair value of the non-controlling interest at the acquisition date was approximately $3 million. the acquisition was funded with cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments. the preliminary allocation of the fair value of the acquisition is shown in the table below. the allocation of the fair value of the acquisition will be finalized when the valuation is completed.
acquired intangible assets, non-deductible          $1.80
acquired net tangible assets                        0.07
deferred income taxes recorded at acquisition            (0.54   )
total preliminary allocation of fair value          $2.92
acquired intangible assets consist primarily of product rights for currently marketed products and are amortized over 12 to 16 years (average of 15 years). the goodwill is primarily attributable to intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition. the goodwill is identifiable to the established pharmaceutical products segment. the acquired tangible assets consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents of approximately $94 million, trade accounts receivable of approximately $179 million, inventory of approximately $177 million, other current assets of approximately $51 million, property and equipment of approximately $214 million, and other long-term assets of approximately $138 million. assumed liabilities consist of borrowings of approximately $570 million, trade accounts payable and other current liabilities of approximately $192 million and other noncurrent liabilities of approximately $15 million.
annualized net sales for cfr pharmaceuticals are expected to total approximately $800 million. had the acquisition of cfr pharmaceuticals taken place on january 1, 2013, the consolidated net sales and earnings of abbott would not have been significantly different from the reported amounts.
in december 2014, abbott acquired control of veropharm, a leading russian pharmaceutical company for approximately $315 million excluding assumed debt. through this acquisition, abbott establishes a manufacturing footprint in russia and obtains a portfolio of medicines that is well aligned with abbott's current pharmaceutical therapeutic areas of focus. abbott acquired control of veropharm through its purchase of limited liability company garden hills, the holding company that owns approximately 98 percent of veropharm. including the assumption of approximately $90 million of debt and a minority interest with a fair value of $5 million, the total value of the acquired business was approximately $410 million. the preliminary allocation of the fair value of the acquisition resulted in definite lived intangible assets of approximately $120 million, goodwill of approximately $60 million, and net deferred tax liabilities of approximately $35 million. the goodwill is identifiable to the established pharmaceutical products segment. additionally, abbott acquired property, plant, and equipment of approximately $185 million, accounts receivable of approximately $45 million, inventory of approximately $25 million, and other assets of approximately $10 million. acquired intangible assets consist of developed technology and are being amortized over 16 years.
in december 2014, abbott completed the acquisition of topera, inc. for approximately $250 million in cash, plus additional payments up to $300 million to be made upon completion of certain regulatory and sales milestones. the acquisition of topera provides abbott a foundational entry in the electrophysiology market. the preliminary allocation of the fair value of the acquisition resulted in non-deductible acquired in-process research and development of approximately $20 million, which is accounted for as an indefinite-lived intangible asset until regulatory approval or discontinuation, non-deductible definite-lived intangibles assets of approximately $325 million, non-deductible goodwill of approximately $190 million, net deferred tax liabilities of approximately $120 million, and contingent consideration of approximately $165 million. the preliminary fair value of the contingent consideration was determined based on an independent appraisal. acquired intangible assets consist of developed technology and trademarks, and are being amortized over 16 years.
the preliminary allocations of the fair value of these acquisitions will be finalized when valuations are completed. had the aggregate of the above acquisitions taken place on january 1, 2013, consolidated net sales and income would not have been significantly different from reported amounts.
in august 2013, abbott acquired 100 percent of idev technologies, net of debt, for $310 million, in cash. the acquisition of idev technologies expands abbott's endovascular portfolio. the final allocation of the fair value of the acquisition resulted in non-deductible acquired in-process research and development of approximately $170 million which is accounted for as an indefinite-lived intangible asset until regulatory approval or discontinuation, non-deductible definite-lived intangible assets of approximately $66 million, non-deductible goodwill of approximately $112 million and net deferred tax liabilities of $47 million. acquired intangible assets consist of developed technology and are being amortized over 11 years.
in august 2013, abbott acquired 100 percent of optimedica for $260 million, in cash, plus additional payments up to $150 million to be made upon completion of certain development, regulatory and sales milestones. the acquisition of optimedica provides abbott with an immediate entry point into the laser assisted cataract surgery market. the final allocation of the fair value of the acquisition resulted in non-deductible definite-lived intangible assets of approximately $160 million, non-deductible acquired in-process research and development of approximately $60 million which is accounted for as an indefinite-lived intangible asset until regulatory approval or discontinuation, non-deductible goodwill of approximately $130 million, net deferred tax liabilities of $49 million and contingent consideration of approximately $70 million. the fair value of the contingent consideration was determined based on an independent appraisal. acquired intangible assets consist primarily of developed technology that is being amortized over 18 years.
restructurings in 2014, abbott management approved plans to streamline operations in order to reduce costs and improve efficiencies in various abbott businesses including nutritional and established pharmaceuticals businesses. abbott recorded employee related severance and other charges of approximately $164 million in 2014. approximately $20 million is recognized in cost of products sold, $53 million is recognized in research and development and approximately $91 million is recognized in selling, general and administrative expense. additional charges of approximately $39 million in 2014 were also recorded primarily for accelerated depreciation.
in 2014 and 2013, abbott management approved plans to reduce costs and improve efficiencies across various functional areas as well as a plan to streamline certain manufacturing operations in order to reduce costs and improve efficiencies in abbott's established pharmaceuticals business. in addition, in 2012, abbott management approved plans to streamline various commercial operations in order to reduce costs and improve efficiencies in abbott's core diagnostics, established pharmaceutical and nutritionals businesses. abbott recorded employee related severance charges of approximately $125 million in 2014, $78 million in 2013 and $167 million in 2012. approximately $7 million in 2014, $14 million in 2013 and $48 million in 2012 are recognized in cost of products sold, $6 million is recognized in research and development in 2014, and approximately $112 million in 2014, $32 million in 2013 and $48 million in 2012 recognized as selling, general and administrative expense. the remaining charges of $32 million in 2013 and $71 million in 2012 are related to abbott's developed market established pharmaceutical business and are being recognized in the results of discontinued operations. additional charges of approximately $4 million in 2013 and $22 million in 2012 were also recorded primarily for accelerated depreciation.
in 2013 and prior years, abbott management approved plans to realign its worldwide pharmaceutical and vascular manufacturing operations and selected domestic and international commercial and research and development operations in order to reduce costs. in 2013, abbott recorded employee severance charges of approximately $11 million. approximately $11 million in 2013 is classified as cost of products sold. an additional $41 million and $110 million were recorded in 2013 and 2012, respectively, relating to these restructurings, primarily for accelerated depreciation.
in 2012 and 2010, abbott management approved restructuring plans primarily related to the acquisition of solvay's pharmaceuticals business. these plans streamline operations, improve efficiencies and reduce costs in certain solvay sites and functions as well as in certain abbott and solvay commercial organizations in various countries. in 2012, abbott recorded a charge of approximately $150 million for employee severance and contractual obligations, primarily related to the exit from a research and development facility. these charges are related to businesses transferred to abbvie and are being recognized in the results of discontinued operations. the accrued restructuring reserves of $115 million at december 31, 2012 related to these actions were transferred to abbvie on january 1, 2013 as part of the separation. as such, there are no remaining accruals being reported in abbott's balance sheet as of december 31, 2013.
approximately $14.6 billion of debt to abbvie as part of the separation. in 2012, interest expense included bridge facility fees related to the separation of abbvie from abbott. interest income increased in 2014 due to a higher return earned on short-term investments during the year, while in 2013 interest income increased as a result of a higher level of investments.
other (income) expense, net other (income) expense, net, for 2014 includes charges associated with the impairment of certain equity investments partially offset by gains on sales of investments; 2013 includes gains on sales of investments; and 2012 includes approximately $40 million of income from the resolution of a contractual agreement.
net loss on extinguishment of debt in 2014, abbott extinguished approximately $500 million of long-term debt assumed as part of the cfr pharmaceuticals acquisition and incurred a cost of $18.3 million to extinguish this debt. in 2012, abbott extinguished $7.7 billion of long-term debt and incurred a cost of $1.35 billion to extinguish this debt, net of gains from the unwinding of interest rate swaps related to the debt.
taxes on earnings the income tax rates on earnings from continuing operations were 31.6 percent in 2014, 2.6 percent in 2013 and 207.7 percent in 2012. in 2014, taxes on earnings from continuing operations include $440 million of tax expense associated with a one-time repatriation of 2014 non-u.s. earnings partially offset by $125 million of tax benefits related to the resolution of various tax positions and the adjustment of tax uncertainties from prior years. 2013 taxes on earnings from continuing operations include $230 million of tax benefit related to the resolution of various tax positions from previous years. in addition, as a result of the american taxpayer relief act of 2012 signed into law in january 2013, abbott recorded a tax benefit to taxes on continuing operations of approximately $103 million in 2013 for the retroactive extension of the research tax credit and the look-through rules of section 954(c)(6) of the internal revenue code to the beginning of 2012. taxes on earnings from continuing operations in 2012 reflect the $472 million effect of the tax rate applied to abbott's net debt extinguishment loss, as well as the recognition of $212 million of tax benefits as a result of the favorable resolution of various tax positions pertaining to a prior year. exclusive of these discrete items, tax expense in 2013 and 2012 were favorably impacted by lower tax rates and tax exemptions on foreign income primarily derived from operations in puerto rico, switzerland, ireland, the netherlands, and singapore. abbott benefits from a combination of favorable statutory tax rules, tax rulings, grants, and exemptions in these tax jurisdictions. see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for a full reconciliation of the effective tax rate to the u.s. federal statutory rate.
abbott has accrued u.s. taxes on approximately $2.2 billion of 2014 earnings generated outside the u.s. in connection with a repatriation of these earnings. in addition to the $440 million of tax expense discussed above, the repatriation resulted in $82 million of additional tax expense in abbott's 2014 income from discontinued operations. abbott expects to accelerate the utilization of deferred tax assets and therefore cash taxes due in the u.s. on this repatriation are not expected to be material.
on november 28, 2012, abbott's board of directors declared a special dividend distribution of all of the outstanding shares of common stock of abbvie inc. (abbvie), the company formed to hold abbott's research-based proprietary pharmaceuticals business. for each abbott common share held at the close of business on december 12, 2012, abbott shareholders received one share of abbvie stock on january 1, 2013. abbott has received a ruling from the internal revenue service that the separation qualifies as a tax-free distribution to abbott and its u.s. shareholders for u.s. federal income tax purposes.
the historical operating results of the research-based proprietary pharmaceuticals business prior to separation are excluded from earnings from continuing operations and are presented on the earnings from discontinued operations line. discontinued operations include the results of abbvie's business except for certain corporate overhead costs and certain costs associated with transition services that will be provided by abbott to abbvie. discontinued operations also include other costs incurred by abbott to separate abbvie as well as an allocation of interest assuming a uniform ratio of consolidated debt to equity for all of abbott's historical operations. the assets, liabilities, and cash flows of the research-based proprietary pharmaceuticals business are included in abbott's consolidated balance sheet and its consolidated statements of cash flows for periods prior to january 1, 2013.
net assets of $2.7 billion were transferred to abbvie as part of the separation on january 1, 2013. in addition, approximately $1 billion of accumulated other comprehensive losses, net of income taxes, primarily related to the pension and other benefit plan net liabilities as well as foreign translation was transferred to abbvie.
in 2013, discontinued operations includes a favorable adjustment to tax expense of $193 million as a result of the resolution of various tax positions pertaining to 2010 related to abbvie's operations.
abbott and abbvie entered into transitional services agreements prior to the separation pursuant to which abbott and abbvie are providing various services to each other on an interim transitional basis. transition services may be provided for up to 24 months with an option for a one-year extension by the recipient. services being provided by abbott include certain information technology and back office support. billings by abbott under these transitional services agreements are recorded as a reduction of the costs to provide the respective service in the applicable expense category in the consolidated statement of earnings. this transitional support will enable abbvie to establish its stand-alone processes for various activities that were previously provided by abbott and does not constitute significant continuing support of abbvie's operations.
for a small portion of abbvie's operations, the legal transfer of abbvie's assets (net of liabilities) did not occur with the separation of abbvie on january 1, 2013 due to the time required to transfer marketing authorizations and other regulatory requirements in each of these countries. under the terms of the separation agreement with abbott, abbvie is subject to the risks and entitled to the benefits generated by these operations and assets. the majority of these operations were transferred to abbvie in 2013 and 2014 with the remainder expected to be transferred in 2015. these assets and liabilities have been presented as held for disposition in the consolidated balance sheet. at december 31, 2014, the assets and liabilities held for disposition consist of trade accounts receivable of $79 million, inventories of $45 million, equipment of $3 million, other assets of $30 million, trade accounts payable and accrued liabilities of $277 million. abbott's obligation to transfer the net liabilities held for disposition to abbvie of $120 million is included in other prepaid assets.
abbott has retained all liabilities for all u.s. federal and foreign income taxes on income prior to the separation, as well as certain non-income taxes attributable to abbvie's business. abbvie generally will be liable for all other taxes attributable to its business. in connection with the separation, abbott has adjusted its employee stock compensation awards and separated its defined benefit programs for pensions and post-employment medical and dental benefit plans. see notes 9 and 13 for additional information.
in july 2014, abbott announced that it will sell its developed markets branded generics pharmaceuticals business to mylan inc. (mylan) for equity ownership of a newly formed entity that will combine mylan's existing business and abbott's developed markets pharmaceuticals business, and will be publicly traded. historically, this business was included in abbott's established pharmaceutical products segment. abbott will retain its branded generics pharmaceuticals business in emerging markets. at the close of this transaction, abbott and mylan entered into transitional services agreements pursuant to which abbott and mylan will provide various back office support services to each other on an interim transitional basis. transition services may be provided for up to 2 years. charges by abbott under these transitional services agreements will be recorded as a reduction of the costs to provide the respective service in the applicable expense category in the consolidated statement of earnings. this transitional support will not constitute significant continuing support of mylan's operations. abbott also entered into manufacturing supply agreements with mylan related to certain products, with the supply term ranging from 3 to 10 years and requiring a 2 year notice prior to termination. the cash flows associated with these transitional service and manufacturing supply agreements are not expected to be significant.
in november 2014, abbott entered into an agreement to sell its animal health business to zoetis inc. this transaction closed on february 10, 2015.
as a result of the disposition of the above businesses and the separation of abbvie, the current and prior years operating results of these businesses are reported as part of discontinued operations on the earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax line in the consolidated statement of earnings. discontinued operations include an allocation of interest expense assuming a uniform ratio of consolidated debt to equity for all of abbott's historical operations.
the operating results of abbott's developed markets branded generics pharmaceuticals and animal health businesses and as well as the businesses transferred to abbvie noted above, which are being reported as discontinued operations are as follows:
net sales developed markets generics pharmaceuticals and animal health businesses       $2,076          $2,191          $2,444
earnings before tax developed markets generics pharmaceuticals and animal health businesses       $505            $480            $525
net earnings developed markets generics pharmaceuticals and animal health businesses       $397            $395            $342
the year-over-year decline in net sales related to the developed markets branded generics pharmaceuticals business was driven primarily by the impact of declining prices and the unfavorable impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates.
research and development programs abbott currently has numerous pharmaceutical, medical devices, diagnostic and nutritional products in development.
research and development process in the established pharmaceuticals segment, the development process focuses on the geographic expansion and continuous improvement of the segment's existing products to provide benefits to patients and customers. as established pharmaceuticals does not actively pursue primary research, development usually begins with work on existing products or after the acquisition of an advanced stage licensing opportunity.
depending upon the product, the phases of development may include:
• drug product development.
• phase i bioequivalence studies to compare a future established pharmaceutical's brand with an already marketed compound with the same active pharmaceutical ingredient (api).
• phase ii studies to test the efficacy of benefits in a small group of patients.
• phase iv and other post-marketing studies to obtain new clinical use data on existing products within approved indications.
the specific requirements (e.g. scope of clinical trials) for obtaining regulatory approval vary across different countries and geographic regions. the process may range from one year for a bioequivalence study project to 6 or more years for complex formulations, new indications, or geographic expansion in specific countries, such as china.
in the diagnostics segment, the phases of the research and development process include:
• discovery which focuses on identification of a product that will address a specific therapeutic area, platform, or unmet clinical need.
• concept/feasibility during which the materials and manufacturing processes are evaluated, testing may include product characterization and analysis is performed to confirm clinical utility.
• development during which extensive testing is performed to demonstrate that the product meets specified design requirements and that the design specifications conform to user needs and intended uses.
the regulatory requirements for diagnostic products vary across different countries and geographic regions. in the u.s., the fda classifies diagnostic products into classes (i, ii, or iii) and the classification determines the regulatory process for approval. while the diagnostics segment has products in all three classes, the vast majority of its products are categorized as class i or class ii. submission of a separate regulatory filing is not required for class i products. class ii devices typically require pre-market notification to the fda through a regulatory filing known as a 510(k) submission. most class iii products are subject to the fda's pre-marketing approval (pma) requirements. other class iii products, such as those used to screen blood, require the submission and approval of a biological license application (bla).
in the eu, diagnostic products are also categorized into different categories and the regulatory process, which is governed by the european invitro diagnostic medical device directive, depends upon the category. certain product categories require review and approval by an independent company, known as a notified body, before the manufacturer can affix a ce mark to the product to show compliance with the directive. other products only require a self-certification process.
in the vascular segment, the research and development process begins with research on a specific technology that is evaluated for feasibility and commercial viability. if the research program passes that hurdle, it moves forward into development. the development process includes evaluation and selection of a product design, completion of clinical trials to test the product's safety and efficacy, and validation of the manufacturing process to demonstrate its repeatability and ability to consistently meet pre-determined specifications.
similar to the diagnostic products discussed above, in the u.s., vascular products are classified as class i, ii, or iii. most of abbott's vascular products are classified as class ii devices that follow the 510(k) regulatory process or class iii devices that are subject to the pma process.
in the eu, vascular products are also categorized into different classes and the regulatory process, which is governed by the european medical device directive, varies by class. each product must bear a ce mark to show compliance with the directive. some products require submission of a design dossier to the appropriate regulatory authority for review and approval prior to ce marking of the device. for other products, the company is required to prepare a technical file which includes testing results and clinical evaluations but can self-certify its ability to apply the ce mark to the product. outside the u.s. and the eu, the regulatory requirements vary across different countries and regions.
after approval and commercial launch of some vascular products, post-market trials may be conducted either due to a conditional requirement of the regulatory market approval or with the objective of proving product superiority.
in the nutritional segment, the research and development process generally focuses on identifying and developing ingredients and products that address the nutritional needs of particular populations (e.g., infants, athletes) or patients (e.g., people with diabetes). depending upon the country and/or region, if claims regarding a product's efficacy will be made, clinical studies typically must be conducted.
in the u.s., the fda requires that it be notified of proposed new formulations and formulation or packaging changes related to infant formula products. prior to the launch of an infant formula or product packaging change, the company is required to obtain the fda's confirmation that it has no objections to the proposed product or packaging. for other nutrition products, notification or pre-approval from the fda is not required unless the product includes a new food additive. in some countries, regulatory approval may be required for certain nutritional products, including infant formula and medical nutritional products.
areas of focus in 2015 and beyond, abbott's significant areas of therapeutic focus will include the following:
established pharmaceuticals — abbott focuses on building country specific portfolios made up of global and local pharmaceutical brands that best meet the needs of patients in each country. more than 300 branded generic development projects are active for one or several emerging markets. over the next several years, established pharmaceuticals plans to expand its product portfolio in its key markets through the development and launch of new branded generics with the aim to be among the first to market with a new branded generic for a particular pharmaceutical product, further geographic expansion of existing brands, new product enhancements, and strategic licensing activities. abbott is also actively working on development plans for several key brands such as creon, duphaston and influvac. depending on the product, the development activities focus on new data, markets, formulations, combinations or indications.
•xience alpine, our newest drug-eluting stent (des), received us fda approval in september 2014 and is the only des with an indication for chronic total occlusions (ctos). xience alpine was also approved for sale in europe, japan and parts of latin america in 2014.
•absorb, the world's first drug eluting bioresorbable vascular scaffold (bvs) device for the treatment of coronary artery disease that is gradually resorbed into the vessel wall. in 2014, abbott completed enrollment of patients in clinical trials for regulatory approval in the us and china, and enrollment for trials in japan was completed in the fourth quarter of 2013. abbott initiated a trial with the objective of demonstrating that absorb is more cost-effective and provides the patient a higher quality of life than a permanent, metallic drug eluting stent. abbott is also actively working on the development of future generations of bvs technologies.
•mitraclip device for the treatment of mitral regurgitation (mr). mitraclip is available in the u.s., europe, parts of asia, the middle east and latin america for patients with significant symptomatic degenerative mr who are at prohibitive risk for mitral valve surgery. abbott continued clinical development of the mitraclip therapy including the coapt trial, a prospective, randomized trial in the united states that will evaluate the impact of mitraclip treatment on the progression of heart failure. in addition, abbott continues to work on the development of the next generation system for the treatment of mr.
•supera self-expanding nitinol stent system which was acquired as part of the acquisition of idev technologies in august 2013. with its proprietary interwoven wire technology, supera is designed based on biomimetic principles to mimic the body's natural movement. supera received us fda approval in march 2014 for treatment of the superficial femoral and proximal popliteal arteries, which are the main arteries in the thigh that supply blood to lower extremities. supera is also available in europe, parts of asia, the middle east and latin america for the treatment of blockages in blood vessels due to peripheral artery disease (pad). abbott continues to work on the development of supera 's size matrix and next generation delivery system.
• coronary and endovascular guide wires. abbott's versaturn guide wire received ce regulatory approval in july 2014 and 510(k) clearance in the us in august 2014.
medical optics — abbott is developing a number of new products which are designed to improve patient outcomes for patients undergoing cataract and lasik surgery. in 2014, abbott launched the tecnis® symfony intraocular lens (iol) in europe. tecnis® symfony provides an extended continuous range of high-quality vision, including distance, intermediate and near vision, with visual side effects similar to a standard monofocal iol. a toric version of tecnis® symfony that corrects a patient's astigmatism was approved and launched in europe. in late 2014, abbott received approval for two new tecnis® multifocal low add products in the us. the new tecnis® multifocal iols allow the surgeon to customize treatment based on the patient's vision needs and lifestyle. the tecnis® optiblue toric iol was approved in japan in both standard and preloaded options for treatment of cataract patients with astigmatism. the compact intuitiv phacoemulsification system for removing cataract was approved in the us and europe. abbott received approval in the us and europe for cos 3.0, a new software upgrade, and loi-12, a new disposable patient interface, for its catalys precision femtosecond laser cataract system that together improve surgeon efficiency.
in 2015, abbott will continue to work to develop and introduce new products including the tecnis-1 monofocal iol in a preloaded insertion system, an upgrade to its signature phacoemulsification system for cataract removal, an upgrade to its catalys laser cataract system that helps surgeons to identify a cataract patient's axis of astigmatism and idesign, its advanced vision diagnostic and lasik treatment planning system.
molecular diagnostics — various new molecular in vitro diagnostic (ivd) products and next generation instrument systems are in various stages of development and commercialization. in december 2014, iridica, an instrument used to rapidly identify a broad range of infection causing pathogens, including bacteria, fungi, and viruses in critically ill patients, became available in europe and other ce-mark recognized countries. abbott's companion diagnostic program continues to expand and includes collaborative efforts with multiple major pharmaceutical companies.
core laboratory diagnostics — abbott is working on the development of next-generation blood screening, hematology, and immunochemistry instrument systems, as well as assays in various areas including infectious disease, cardiac care, metabolics, oncology, and automation solutions to increase efficiency in laboratories.
diabetes care — in the third quarter of 2014, abbott received ce mark in europe for its freestyle libre flash glucose monitoring system. the system eliminates the need for routine finger pricks by reading glucose levels through a sensor that can be worn on the back of the upper arm for up to 14 days. the freestyle libre system also requires no finger pricks for calibration.
nutrition — abbott is focusing its research and development spend on six platforms that span the pediatric, adult and performance nutrition areas: immunity, cognition, lean body mass, inflammation, metabolism and tolerance. numerous new products that build on advances in these platforms are currently under development, including clinical outcome testing, and are expected to be launched over the coming years.
given the diversity of abbott's business, its intention to remain a broad-based healthcare company and the numerous sources for potential future growth, no individual project is expected to be material to cash flows or results of operations over the next five years. factors considered included research and development expenses projected to be incurred for the project over the next year relative to abbott's total research and development expenses as well as qualitative factors, such as marketplace perceptions and impact of a new product on abbott's overall market position. there were no delays in abbott's 2014 research and development activities that are expected to have a material impact on operations.
while the aggregate cost to complete the numerous projects currently in development is expected to be material, the total cost to complete will depend upon abbott's ability to successfully complete each project, the rate at which each project advances, and the ultimate timing for completion. given the potential for significant delays and the high rate of failure inherent in the development of pharmaceutical, medical device and diagnostic products and technologies, it is not possible to accurately estimate the total cost to complete all projects currently in development. abbott plans to manage its portfolio of projects to achieve research and development spending equal to approximately 6 percent to 7 percent of sales each year. abbott does not regularly accumulate or make management decisions based on the total expenses incurred for a particular development phase in a given period.
goodwill at december 31, 2014, goodwill recorded as a result of business combinations totaled $10.1 billion. goodwill is reviewed for impairment annually in the third quarter or when an event that could result in an impairment occurs. the results of the last impairment test indicated that the fair value of each reporting unit was substantially in excess of its carrying value except for the medical optics unit. while the fair value of the medical optics business exceeds its carrying value, extended economic pressure on government-reimbursed cataract procedures in europe and on the global lasik surgery business as well as longer regulatory approval timelines for products currently under development, the integration of optimedica and the negative impact of foreign currency movements could result in a valuation in the future where the fair value of the medical optics unit has declined below its carrying value, thereby triggering the requirement to estimate the implied fair value of the goodwill and measure for impairment.
financial condition cash flow net cash from operating activities amounted to $3.7 billion, $3.3 billion and $9.3 billion in 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the increase in net cash from operating activities in 2014 was due to an improvement in operating results as well as lower cash contributions to pension plans. the decrease in cash from operating activities from 2012 to 2013 was due to the separation of abbvie on january 1, 2013. net cash from operating activities in 2013 reflects approximately $435 million of one-time net cash outflows related to the separation of abbvie and $724 million of contributions to defined benefit pension plans. the income tax component of operating cash flow in 2014, 2013 and 2012 includes $268 million, $427 million and $408 million, respectively, of noncash tax benefits primarily related to the favorable resolution of various tax positions pertaining to prior years and 2013 also includes a $103 million tax benefit for the retroactive impact of u.s. tax law changes, which is expected to be realized in future years. trade accounts payable and other liabilities in net cash from operating activities in 2012 includes the payment of approximately $1.5 billion related to a litigation accrual recorded in 2011 related to the business operations of abbvie. this was partially offset by increases in other liabilities, primarily restructuring reserves.
while over 85% of the cash and cash equivalents at december 31, 2014, is considered reinvested indefinitely in foreign subsidiaries, abbott does not expect such reinvestment to affect its liquidity and capital resources. if these funds were needed for operations in the u.s., abbott may be required to accrue and pay u.s. income taxes to repatriate these funds. abbott believes that it has sufficient sources of liquidity to support its assumption that the disclosed amount of undistributed earnings at december 31, 2014 can be considered to be reinvested indefinitely.
abbott funded $393 million in 2014, $724 million in 2013 and $379 million in 2012 to defined benefit pension plans. abbott expects pension funding of approximately $585 million in 2015 for its pension plans, of which approximately $470 million relates to its main domestic pension plans. abbott expects to fund cash dividends, capital expenditures, and its other investments in its businesses with cash flow from operating activities, cash on hand, short-term investments, and borrowings.
debt and capital at december 31, 2014, abbott's long-term debt rating was a+ by standard & poor's corporation and a1 by moody's investors service. abbott has readily available financial resources, including unused lines of credit of $5.0 billion that support commercial paper borrowing arrangements which expire in 2019.
in 2014, abbott redeemed approximately $500 million of long-term notes that were assumed as part of the acquisition of cfr pharmaceuticals. in 2012, abbott redeemed $7.7 billion of long-term notes in preparation for the separation of abbvie from abbott and repaid $1 billion of long-term notes that were due in 2012. in addition, abbvie inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of abbott, issued $14.7 billion of long-term notes that were guaranteed by abbott until abbvie's separation from abbott on january 1, 2013.
in september 2014, the board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $3 billion of abbott's common shares from time to time. the new authorization is in addition to the $512 million unused portion of a previous program announced in june 2013. under the program announced in june 2013, the board of directors authorized the purchase of up to $3.0 billion of abbott's common shares. under this program, abbott repurchased 54.6 million shares at a cost of $2.1 billion in 2014 and 10.5 million shares at a cost of $388 million in the last six months of 2013, leaving $512 million unused under this program. in the first six months of 2013, 33.0 million shares were purchased at a cost of approximately $1.2 billion, which was under a previous share repurchase authorization.
abbott declared dividends of $0.90 per share in 2014 compared to $0.64 per share in 2013, a 40% increase. dividends paid were $1.342 billion in 2014 compared to $882 million in 2013. the year-over-year change in dividends reflects the impact of the increase in the dividend rate.
working capital the increase of cash and cash equivalents from $3.5 billion at december 31, 2013 to $4.1 billion at december 31, 2014 reflects the increase in cash generated by operating activities as well as the proceeds from the sale of investment securities. working capital was $4.7 billion at december 31, 2014 and $9.7 billion at december 31, 2013. the decrease in working capital in 2014 was due to a decline in short-term investments and an increase in short-term borrowings primarily to fund recent acquisitions and share repurchases.
substantially all of abbott's trade receivables in italy, spain, portugal, and greece are with governmental health systems. the collection of outstanding receivables in these countries improved in 2014. as a result, governmental receivables in these four countries accounted for less than 1 percent of abbott's total assets and 9 percent of total net trade receivables as of december 31, 2014, down from 12 percent as of december 31, 2013.
with the exception of greece, abbott historically has collected almost all of the outstanding receivables in these countries. abbott continues to monitor the credit worthiness of customers located in these and other geographic areas and establishes an allowance against a trade receivable when it is probable that the balance will not be collected. in addition to closely monitoring economic conditions and budgetary and other fiscal developments in these countries, abbott regularly communicates with its customers regarding the status of receivable balances, including their payment plans and obtains positive confirmation of the validity of the receivables. abbott also monitors the potential for and periodically has utilized factoring arrangements to mitigate credit risk although the receivables included in such arrangements have historically not been a material amount of total outstanding receivables. if government funding were to become unavailable in these countries or if significant adverse changes in their reimbursement practices were to occur, abbott may not be able to collect the entire balance.
foreign currency developments since january 2010, venezuela has been designated as a highly inflationary economy under u.s. gaap. in 2014, the government of venezuela operated multiple mechanisms to exchange bolivars into u.s. dollars. in 2014, abbott continued to use the official rate of 6.3 venezuelan bolivars to the u.s. dollar to report the results, financial position, and cash flows related to its operations in venezuela since abbott continued to qualify for this exchange rate to pay for the import of various products into venezuela. abbott cannot predict whether there will be a devaluation of the venezuelan bolivar or whether it will continue to be able to exchange bolivars at the 6.3 rate. as of december 31, 2014, abbott had net monetary assets that are subject to revaluation in venezuela of approximately $240 million. in 2014, revenue from operations in venezuela represented approximately 2% of abbott's total net sales.
capital expenditures capital expenditures of $1.1 billion in 2014 and 2013 and $1.8 billion in 2012 were principally for upgrading and expanding manufacturing and research and development facilities and equipment in various segments, investments in information technology, and laboratory instruments placed with customers.
long-term debt, including current maturities       $3,463            $14                     $59          $1,003       $2,387
capitalized auto lease obligations                 41                14                       27             —               —
purchase commitments (a)                                 2,709             2,089             204             218       198
other long-term liabilities                              1,300             —                 792             368       140
purchase commitments are for purchases made in the normal course of business to meet operational and capital expenditure requirements.
unrecognized tax benefits totaling approximately $1.3 billion are excluded from the table above as abbott is unable to reasonably estimate the period of cash settlement with the respective taxing authorities on such items. see note 14 — taxes on income for further details. the company has employee benefit obligations consisting of pensions and other postemployment benefits, including medical and life, which have been excluded from the table. a discussion of the company's pension and postretirement plans, including funding matters is included in note 13 — post-employment benefits.
contingent obligations abbott has periodically entered into agreements with other companies in the ordinary course of business, such as assignment of product rights, which has resulted in abbott becoming secondarily liable for obligations that abbott was previously primarily liable. since abbott no longer maintains a business relationship with the other parties, abbott is unable to develop an estimate of the maximum potential amount of future payments, if any, under these obligations. based upon past experience, the likelihood of payments under these agreements is remote. in addition, abbott periodically acquires a business or product rights in which abbott agrees to pay contingent consideration based on attaining certain thresholds or based on the occurrence of certain events.
legislative issues abbott's primary markets are highly competitive and subject to substantial government regulations throughout the world. abbott expects debate to continue over the availability, method of delivery, and payment for health care products and services. it is not possible to predict the extent to which abbott or the health care industry in general might be adversely affected by these factors in the future. a more complete discussion of these factors is contained in item 1, business, and item 1a, risk factors, to the annual report on form 10-k.
recently issued accounting standards in may 2014, the financial accounting standards board issued accounting standards update no. 2014-09,  revenue from contracts with customers, which provides a single comprehensive model for accounting for revenue from contracts with customers and will supersede most existing revenue recognition guidance. early adoption is not permitted. the standard becomes effective for abbott in the first quarter of 2017. abbott is currently evaluating the effect, if any, that the standard will have on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
private securities litigation reform act of 1995 — a caution concerning forward-looking statements under the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995, abbott cautions investors that any forward-looking statements or projections made by abbott, including those made in this document, are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect abbott's operations are discussed in item 1a, risk factors, to the annual report on form 10-k.