item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following management discussion and analysis ("md&a") provides a narrative of the results of operations and financial condition of mcgraw hill financial, inc. (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, the "company," "we," "us" or "our") for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the md&a should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in this form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2014, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("u.s. gaap").
•   overview
•   liquidity and capital resources
•   reconciliation of non-gaap financial information
•   critical accounting estimates
•   recently issued or adopted accounting standards certain of the statements below are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. in addition, any projections of future results of operations and cash flows are subject to substantial uncertainty. see forward-looking statements on page 4 of this report.
overview we are a leading benchmarks & ratings, analytics, data and research provider serving the global capital, commodities and commercial markets. the capital markets include asset managers, investment banks, commercial banks, exchanges, and issuers; the commodities markets include producers, traders and intermediaries within energy, metals, and agriculture; and the commercial markets include professionals and corporate executives within automotive and marketing / research information services.
our operations consist of four reportable segments: standard & poor's ratings services ("s&p ratings"), s&p capital iq, s&p dow jones indices ("s&p dj indices") and commodities & commercial ("c&c").
•   s&amp;p ratings is an independent provider of credit ratings, research and analytics, offering investors and market participants information, ratings and benchmarks.
•   s&amp;p capital iq is a global provider of multi-asset-class data, research and analytical capabilities, which integrate cross-asset analytics and desktop services.
•   s&amp;p dj indices is a global index provider that maintains a wide variety of valuation and index benchmarks for investment advisors, wealth managers and institutional investors.
•   c&amp;c consists of business-to-business companies specializing in commercial and commodities markets that deliver their customers access to high-value information, data, analytic services and pricing and quality benchmarks. as of august 1, 2013, we completed the sale of aviation week and the results have been included in c&amp;c's results through that date.
on november 3, 2014, we completed the sale of mcgraw hill construction, which has historically been part of the c&c segment, to symphony technology group for $320 million in cash, completing the portfolio rationalization to create mcgraw hill financial. we recorded an after-tax gain on the sale of $160 million, which is included in income from discontinued operations, net of tax in the consolidated statement of income for the year ended december 31, 2014. we intend to use a portion of the after-tax proceeds to make selective acquisitions, investments, share repurchases and for general corporate purposes.
on march 22, 2013, we completed the sale of mcgraw-hill education ("mhe") to investment funds affiliated with apollo global management, llc for a purchase price of $2.4 billion in cash. we recorded an after-tax gain on the sale of $589 million, which is included in income from discontinued operations, net of tax in the consolidated statement of income for the year ended december 31, 2013. we have used a portion of the after-tax proceeds from the sale to pay down short-term debt, for the special dividend paid in 2012, and to continue share repurchases. we intend to continue to use a portion of the after-tax proceeds to make selective acquisitions, investments, share repurchases and for general corporate purposes.
in 2014, we continued to focus on investments in targeted financial assets, divested selected non-core assets and reductions in our real estate portfolio and increased shareholder return.
investments in targeted financial assets / divested selected non-core assets during 2014, we continued to execute our strategy of exiting non-core assets while investing for growth in markets that have size and scale.
•   c&amp;c - we acquired eclipse energy group as, which complements our north american natural gas capabilities, which we obtained from our bentek energy llc acquisition in 2011;
•   s&amp;p ratings - we acquired brc investor services s.a., a colombia-based ratings firm providing risk classifications of banks, financial services providers, insurance companies, corporate bonds and structured issues that will expand our presence in the latin american credit markets.
in 2014, in addition to the divestiture of mcgraw hill construction discussed above, we streamlined our infrastructure by reducing our real estate footprint by selling our data facility, initiating the consolidation of our corporate headquarters with our operations in new york city, as well as disposing of our corporate aircraft.
during 2013, we acquired approximately 11 million equity shares representing 15.07% of crisil's total outstanding equity shares for $214 million, increasing our ownership percentage in crisil to 67.84% from 52.77%.
in 2013, we also completed certain dispositions of our non-core assets that allow us to apply greater focus on our high-growth, high-margin benchmark businesses.
•   c&amp;c - we completed the sale of aviation week to penton, a privately held business information company;
•   s&amp;p capital iq - we completed the sale of financial communications as well as the closure of several non-core businesses.
during 2012, we completed several acquisitions and formed a joint venture that we believe position us for long-term growth across all our segments.
•   s&amp;p dj indices - our transaction with cme group, inc. and cme group index services llc to form a new company, s&amp;p dow jones indices llc;
•   s&amp;p capital iq - credit market analysis limited, a provider of independent data concerning the over-the-counter markets; quanthouse, an independent global provider of end-to-end systematic low-latency market data solutions; and r2 technologies, a provider of advanced risk and scenario-based analytics;
•   c&amp;c - kingsman sa, a privately-held, switzerland-based provider of price information and analytics for the global sugar and biofuels markets;
•   s&amp;p ratings - coalition development ltd., a privately-held u.k. analytics company.
refer to note 2 - acquisitions and divestitures to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
we completed share repurchases of $1.6 billion and distributed regular quarterly dividends totaling approximately $920 million during the three years ended december 31, 2014. on december 6, 2012, our board of directors approved a special dividend in the amount of $2.50 per share on our common stock, payable on december 27, 2012 to shareholders of record on december 18, 2012. this returned an additional approximately $700 million to our shareholders. also, on february 12, 2015, the board of directors approved an increase in the quarterly common stock dividend from $0.30 per share to $0.33 per share.
(in millions)                                                                                    years ended december 31,   % change 1
operating profit                                                    $113                $1,358                $1,170        (92)%                     16%
1   % changes in the tables throughout the md&amp;a are calculated off of the actual number, not the rounded number presented.
s&p ratings - revenue increased 8% primarily driven by growth in both corporate and financial services bond ratings revenue, increases in bank loan ratings, higher annual fees, an increase in ratings evaluation services activity ("res"), and increases at crisil primarily related to growth in their global research & analytics business. the revenue increase was partially offset by declines in structured finance revenues. operating (loss) profit decreased compared to 2013 due to the impact of $1.6 billion of legal and regulatory settlements in 2014 compared to legal settlements of $77 million in 2013 (see note 12 - commitments and contingencies to the consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k), the unfavorable impact of higher restructuring charges recorded in 2014, the gain on the sale of an equity investment held by crisil in the third quarter of 2013 and increased legal costs. these decreases were partially offset by the increases in revenues discussed above.
s&p capital iq - revenue and operating profit increased 6% and 21%, respectively. the revenue increase was primarily attributable to growth at the s&p capital iq desktop, ratingsxpress® and ratingsdirect® due to an increase in average contract values driven by new customer relationships and increases in existing accounts. operating profit increased compared to 2013 primarily due to the increases in revenue, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of higher restructuring charges recorded in 2014, increased compensation costs, and higher technology costs. operating profit was also favorably impacted by lower expenses resulting from the closure of several non-core businesses.
s&p dj indices - revenue and operating profit increased 12% and 30%, respectively. revenue increased due to higher average levels of assets under management for etfs and mutual funds. additionally, higher volumes for exchange-traded derivatives also contributed to revenue growth. operating profit increased compared to 2013 primarily due to the increases in revenue, the favorable impact of a $26 million non-cash impairment charge recorded in 2013 associated with an intangible asset acquired with the formation of the s&p dow jones indices llc joint venture, and a reduction of royalty expenses. these increases were partially offset by an increase in compensation costs.
c&c - revenue and operating profit increased 6% and 3%, respectively. the revenue increase was primarily driven by continued demand for platts' proprietary content as annualized contract values increased and increases at j.d. power driven by strong demand for auto consulting engagements in the u.s. and singapore. operating profit increased primarily due to the increases in revenue, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of higher restructuring charges recorded in 2014 and the gain on the sale of aviation week in the third quarter of 2013. additionally, increased costs at j.d. power and platts related to additional headcount, merit increases, and other operating costs to support business growth unfavorably impacted operating profit.
s&p ratings - revenue and operating profit increased 12% and 9%, respectively. revenue growth was driven by strong high-yield and investment grade corporate bond issuance in the u.s. in the first half of 2013 and in europe for the full year driven by refinancing activity and increases in bank loan ratings and structured finance. revenue growth in the first half of 2013 was partially offset by a decrease in u.s. corporate bond issuance in the second half of the year. operating profit increased compared to 2012 primarily due to the increases in revenue, the gain on sale of an equity investment held by crisil and favorable foreign exchange rates. these increases were partially offset by legal settlements of $77 million, increased compliance and regulatory costs, higher incentive costs due to improved performance, higher advertising expenses and the impact of crisil's acquisition of coalition development ltd. in july of 2012.
s&p capital iq - revenue and operating profit increased 4% and 3%, respectively. the revenue increase was primarily attributable to growth at the s&p capital iq desktop driven by market share gains and increased average contract values for existing accounts and increases in our subscription base for ratingsxpress®. operating profit benefited from revenue increases and lower expenses resulting from the closure of several non-core businesses, reduced outside consulting fees, lower restructuring costs and a favorable impact from foreign exchange rates. these increases to operating profit were partially offset by higher incentive costs due to increased performance, increased cost of sales for exchange fees incurred by quanthouse and costs related to additional headcount in developing regions.
s&p dj indices - revenue and operating profit increased 27% and 32%, respectively. the revenue increases were primarily due to revenue from our s&p dow jones indices llc joint venture. excluding revenue from the joint venture, revenue increased due to higher average levels of assets under management for etf products. operating profit increased primarily due to the increases in revenue, partially offset by the impact of higher data fees, increased incentive costs due to improved financial performance and higher marketing costs due to increased advertising levels as building the s&p dj indices brand was a focus in 2013. the increase in 2013 was also partially offset by the impact of a full year of expenses for our s&p dow jones indices llc joint venture. additionally, we incurred a $26 million non-cash impairment charge associated with an intangible asset acquired through the formation of our s&p dow jones indices llc joint venture.
c&c - revenue and operating profit increased 6% and 28%, respectively. the revenue increase was primarily driven by continued demand for platts' proprietary content as annualized contract values increased and by increases at j.d. power. operating profit increased due to the increases in revenue, the gain on the sale of aviation week and lower expenses at j.d. power. operating profit was partially offset by additional headcount and other operating costs to support business growth at platts.
outlook we strive to be the leading provider of transparent and independent benchmarks & ratings, analytics, data and research in the global capital, commodities and commercial markets. we seek to promote sustainable growth in the global capital, commodities and commercial markets by providing customers with essential intelligence and superior service. we intend to provide essential intelligence through benchmarks and ratings, analytics, data, and research that enables mission-critical decisions in investment management, investment banking, cbis (commercial banking, insurance and specialty), and corporates.
we are aligning our efforts against two key strategic priorities, creating growth and driving performance.
•   we will strive to drive global growth by focusing on customers and innovation.
driving performance
•   we will strive to boost operational excellence, productivity, risk management, and compliance; and to attract and develop the finest talent.
there can be no assurance that we will achieve success in implementing any one or more of these strategies as a variety of factors could unfavorably impact operating results, including prolonged difficulties in the global credit markets and a change in the regulatory environment affecting our businesses. see item 1a, risk factors, in this annual report on form 10-k.
further projections and discussion on our 2015 outlook for our segments can be found within " - results of operations".
results of operations consolidated review
(in millions)                                                                                                                      years ended december 31,                       % change other loss (income)                                                                                      9                    12                   (52    )        (25)%               n/m operating profit                                                                                       113                 1,358                 1,170             (92)%               16%
provision for taxes on income                                                                          245                   425                   388             (42)%                9%
discontinued operations, net                                                                           178                   592                  (209    )        (70)%               n/m less: net income from continuing operations attributable to noncontrolling interests                  (102    )              (91    )              (50    )          12%               81%
less: net loss (income) from discontinuing operations attributable to noncontrolling interests           -                     1                    (5    )          n/m               n/m net (loss) income attributable to mcgraw hill financial, inc.                                        $(115    )           $1,376                  $437               n/m               n/m n/m - not meaningful revenue
(in millions)                                                              years ended december 31,                       % change subscription / non-transaction revenue      $3,045                $2,849                $2,640                7%                8%
non-subscription / transaction revenue      $2,006                $1,853                $1,630                8%               14%
revenue increased $349 million or 7% as compared to 2013. subscription / non-transaction revenue increased primarily due to growth at s&p capital iq due to an increase in the average contract values driven by new customer relationships and increases in existing accounts, growth in non-issuance related revenue for corporate ratings primarily related to higher annual fees, and continued demand for platts' proprietary content. non-subscription / transaction revenue increased primarily due to strong growth in corporate bond ratings revenue, an increase in bank loan ratings and higher assets under management for etfs and mutual funds at s&p dj indices, partially offset by lower structured finance revenues. see " - segment review" below for further information.
foreign exchange rates had an unfavorable impact of $4 million on revenue. this impact refers to constant currency comparisons estimated by re-calculating current year results of foreign operations using the average exchange rate from the prior year.
revenue increased $432 million or 10% as compared to 2012. subscription / non-transaction revenue increased primarily due to increases in non-issuance related revenue for corporate ratings, primarily for entity credit ratings and increased res activity, continued demand for platts' proprietary content, growth at capital iq driven by market share gains and increased contract values for existing accounts and an increase in our subscription base at ratingsxpress®. non-subscription / transaction revenue also increased due to strong high-yield corporate bond issuance in the u.s. during the first half of 2013 and in europe for the full year resulting from refinancing activity, increases in bank loan ratings, growth in structured finance and higher assets under management for etf products at s&p dj indices. see " - segment review" below for further information.
foreign exchange rates had an unfavorable impact of $10 million on revenue.
total expenses the following tables provide an analysis by segment of our operating-related expenses and selling and general expenses for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013:
(in millions)                                                                                 2014                                                                         2013                                                        % change operating-related expenses             selling andgeneral expenses           operating-related expenses             selling andgeneral expenses   operating-related expenses        selling andgeneral expenses s&amp;p ratings 1                          $777                                 $2,219                                  $741                                   $624                                       5%        n/m s&amp;p capital iq                          553                                    407                                   538                                    390                                       3%        4%
1   in 2014, selling and general expenses includes $1.6 billion for legal and regulatory settlements. in 2013, selling and general expenses includes $77 million for legal settlements.
2   in 2014, selling and general expenses includes restructuring charges of $16 million. in 2013, selling and general expenses primarily include $64 million necessary to enable the separation of mhe and reduce our cost structure, restructuring charges and charges related to our reduction in our real estate portfolio.
operating-related expenses operating-related expenses increased $63 million or 4% as compared to 2013, primarily driven by increased costs at s&p ratings, c&c and s&p capital iq. these increases were primarily attributable to an increase in compensation costs and higher technology costs.
intersegment eliminations relates to a royalty charged to s&p capital iq for the rights to use and distribute content and data developed by s&p ratings.
selling and general expenses selling and general expenses in 2014 were impacted by $1.6 billion of legal and regulatory settlements, $86 million of restructuring charges and $4 million of professional fees related to corporate development activities. in 2013, selling and general expenses were impacted by $64 million in costs necessary to enable the separation of mhe and reduce our cost structure and $77 million for legal settlements. additionally, 2013 was also impacted by $28 million of restructuring charges, primarily related to severance associated with streamlining our management structure and our decision to exit non-strategic businesses; and $13 million related to terminating various leases as we reduce our real estate portfolio.
excluding these amounts, selling and general expenses increased as compared to 2013, primarily driven by increased legal costs at s&p ratings, increased commissions and incentives at s&p capital iq, partially offset by decreases at s&p dj indices primarily related to a $26 million non-cash impairment charge recorded in 2013 associated with an intangible asset acquired with the formation of the s&p dow jones indices llc joint venture.
the following tables provide an analysis by segment of our operating-related expenses and selling and general expenses for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2012:
(in millions)                                                                                 2013                                                                         2012                                                        % change operating-related expenses             selling andgeneral expenses           operating-related expenses             selling andgeneral expenses   operating-related expenses        selling andgeneral expenses s&amp;p ratings                            $741                                   $624                                  $692                                   $491                                       7%                                27%
s&amp;p capital iq                          538                                    390                                   455                                    435                                      18%                              (10)%
1   in 2013, selling and general expenses primarily include $64 million necessary to enable the separation of mhe and reduce our cost structure, restructuring charges and charges related to our reduction in our real estate portfolio. in 2012, selling and general expenses includes expenses of $156 million necessary to enable the separation of mhe and reduce our cost structure partially offset by a vacation accrual reversal of $52 million. these costs were necessary to enable the separation of mhe and reduce our cost structure and primarily include professional fees and charges associated with our outsourcing initiatives and 2012 also includes severance charges, a charge related to a reduction in our lease commitments and transaction costs for our s&amp;p dow jones indices llc joint venture.
operating-related expenses operating-related expenses increased $131 million or 9% as compared to 2012, primarily driven by increased costs at s&p capital iq and s&p ratings. at s&p capital iq, the increases were primarily a result of additional headcount in developing regions and costs to further develop our content and purchase new data sets. this was partially offset by lower compensation expense at c&c due to a reduction in headcount from restructuring actions. at s&p ratings, the increases were primarily a result of higher personnel costs, including incentive compensation.
intersegment eliminations relates to a royalty charged to s&p capital iq for the rights to use and distribute content and data developed by s&p ratings.
selling and general expenses selling and general expenses were impacted by costs necessary to enable the separation of mhe and reduce our cost structure of $64 million and $226 million for 2013 and 2012, respectively. 2013 costs were primarily driven by additional professional fees and costs related to our separation from mhe. 2012 costs primarily include professional fees, charges associated with our outsourcing initiatives, severance charges, a charge related to a reduction in our lease commitments and transaction costs for our s&p dow jones indices llc joint venture. additionally, 2013 was also impacted by legal settlements of approximately $77 million and charges we recorded in the fourth quarter of 2013 as we continued to evaluate our remaining cost structure, particularly in light of recent divestitures. this resulted in $28 million of restructuring charges, primarily related to severance, associated with streamlining our management structure and our decision to exit non-strategic businesses; and $13 million related to terminating various leases as we reduce our real estate portfolio.
excluding these costs, selling and general expenses increased compared to 2012, primarily due to higher costs associated with increased sales and additional incentive compensation driven by improved performance at s&p ratings and s&p dj indices. the increase in 2013 at s&p dj indices was also impacted by a $26 million non-cash impairment charge associated with an intangible asset acquired through the formation of our s&p dow jones indices llc joint venture.
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization decreased $4 million or 2% as compared to 2012, primarily due to asset write offs in 2013 as we consolidated office locations, partially offset by additional intangible asset amortization related to our acquisitions in 2012.
during 2014, we completed the following transactions that resulted in a pre-tax loss of $9 million within other loss (income) in the consolidated statement of income:
•   on july 31, 2014, we completed the sale of the company's aircraft to harold w. mcgraw iii, chairman of the company's board of directors and former president and ceo of the company ("mr. mcgraw") for a purchase price of $20 million, which is modestly higher than the independent appraisal obtained. during the second quarter of 2014, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $6 million within other loss (income) in our consolidated statement of income as a result of the pending sale. see note 13 - related party transactions to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
•   on june 30, 2014, we completed the sale of our data center to quality technology services, llc ("qts") which owns, operates, and manages data centers. net proceeds from the sale of $58 million were received in july of 2014. the sale includes all of the facilities and equipment on the south campus of our east windsor, new jersey location, inclusive of the rights and obligations associated with an adjoining solar power field. the sale resulted in an expense of $3 million recorded within other loss (income) in our consolidated statement of income, which is in addition to the non-cash impairment charge we recorded in the fourth quarter of 2013.
during 2013, we recorded a net pre-tax loss of $12 million within other loss (income) in the consolidated statement of income:
•   during the fourth quarter of 2013, we recognized a non-cash impairment charge of $36 million related to the pending sale of our data center.
•   on september 30, 2013, we completed the sale of financial communications, which was part of our s&amp;p capital iq segment.
•   on august 27, 2013, crisil sold its 49% equity interest in india index services &amp; products ltd. this investment was held within our s&amp;p ratings segment.
•   on august 1, 2013, we completed the sale of aviation week within our c&amp;c segment to penton, a privately held business information company.
in the fourth quarter of 2012, we recorded a pre-tax gain of $52 million within other loss (income) in the consolidated statement of income related to a change in our vacation policy. the change in our vacation policy modified the number of days that employees are entitled to for unused vacation time upon termination of employment as they will only be paid for vacation days equivalent to what they have earned in the current year.
operating profit we consider operating profit to be an important measure for evaluating our operating performance and we evaluate operating profit for each of the reportable business segments in which we operate.
we internally manage our operations by reference to "segment operating profit" with economic resources allocated primarily based on segment operating profit. segment operating profit is defined as operating profit before unallocated expense. segment operating profit is one of the key metrics we use to evaluate operating performance. segment operating profit is not, however, a measure of financial performance under u.s. gaap, and may not be defined and calculated by other companies in the same manner.
as part of our transformation to mcgraw hill financial, a comprehensive review of our accounting and reporting practices and policies was undertaken. as a result, beginning on january 1, 2014, to the extent they can be attributed to continuing operations, all shared operating services have been allocated to the segments utilizing a methodology that more closely aligns with each segment's usage of these services. the costs that remain in unallocated expense primarily relate to corporate center functions and shared operating costs allocable to discontinued operations reclassified during the current year. the updated methodology is reflected in the segment results for the year ended december 31, 2014, and accordingly, the segment results for the prior year comparative periods have been reclassified to conform with the new presentation.
the table below reconciles segment operating profit to total operating profit:
(in millions)                                                         years ended december 31,                       % change s&amp;p capital iq                   228                   189                   183                    21%                3%
total segment operating profit       282                 1,617                 1,413                  (83)%               14%
total operating profit              $113                $1,358                $1,170                  (92)%               16%
1   2014 includes $1.6 billion of legal and regulatory settlements and 2013 includes $77 million of legal settlements.
2   2014 includes restructuring charges. 2013 and 2012 include depreciation expense and costs necessary to enable the separation of mhe and reduce our cost structure, including restructuring costs and other related non-recurring costs. 2013 also includes a non-cash impairment charge related to the pending sale of our data center and charges related to a reduction in our real estate portfolio. 2012 includes a benefit related to a vacation accrual reversal.
segment operating profit - decreased $1.3 billion, or 83% as compared to 2013. segment operating profit margins were unfavorably impacted by $1.6 billion of legal and regulatory settlements in 2014 compared to legal settlements of $77 million in 2013, and higher restructuring charges recorded in 2014. as a result, segment operating margins decreased to 6% in 2014 compared to 34% in 2013. the reduction in operating margin was partially offset by strong revenue growth at s&p ratings, s&p capital iq, s&p dj indices and c&c. see " - segment review" below for further information.
unallocated expense - decreased by $90 million or 35% as compared to 2013. unallocated expense includes restructuring charges of $16 million in 2014 and 2013 includes $64 million in costs necessary to enable the separation of mhe and reduce our cost structure. unallocated expense in 2013 was also impacted by a $36 million non-cash impairment charge related to the sale of our data center and $13 million related to terminating various leases as we reduce our real estate portfolio. excluding these items, unallocated expense increased by $11 million or 7% compared to 2013, primarily due to the impact of a $9 million pre-tax loss as discussed previously and an increase in unoccupied office space. see " - other loss (income)" above for further discussion.
foreign exchange rates had a favorable impact of $21 million on operating profit as compared to 2013, with a $15 million positive impact on current year operating profit. this was a result of foreign exchange gains and constant currency having a favorable impact on operating profit of $3 million and $12 million in 2014, respectively, compared to foreign exchange losses of $6 million in 2013. this impact refers to constant currency comparisons and the remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities. constant currency impacts are estimated by recalculating current year results of foreign operations using the average exchange rate from the prior year. remeasurement impacts are based on the variance between current-year and prior-year foreign exchange rate fluctuations on monetary assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the individual business' functional currency. the favorable impact on 2014 was driven by the devaluation of the argentinian peso as well as early strength of the british pound.
segment operating profit - increased $204 million, or 14% as compared to 2012. segment operating income margins were 34% and 33% for 2013 and 2012, respectively. substantial revenue growth at corporate ratings and s&p dj indices, and strong demand for platts' proprietary content were the primary drivers of the increase. see " - segment review" below for further information.
unallocated expense - increased by $16 million or 6% as compared to 2012. unallocated expense was impacted by costs necessary to enable the separation of mhe and reduce our cost structure of $64 million in 2013 and $156 million in 2012. unallocated expense in 2013 was also impacted by a $36 million non-cash impairment charge related to the facilities and associated infrastructure of one of our data centers that we are in the process of selling and $13 million related to terminating various leases as we reduce our real estate portfolio. in 2012, unallocated expense was partially offset by a vacation accrual reversal of $52 million. excluding these items, unallocated expense increased slightly compared to 2012, primarily due to increased unoccupied office space.
foreign exchange rates had a favorable impact of $20 million on operating profit for 2013.
interest expense, net net interest expense for 2014 remained relatively flat as compared to 2013, decreasing 1%. net interest expense for 2013 decreased 26% as compared to 2012, primarily driven by the maturity of our $400 million, 5.375% senior notes on november 15, 2012.
provision for income taxes our effective tax rate from continuing operations was 453.7%, 32.7% and 35.6% for 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the increase in the 2014 effective tax rate from the prior year period was primarily due to the expected tax treatment of charges for legal settlements. the decrease in the 2013 effective tax rate from the prior year period was primarily due to the full year effect of the partnership structure of the s&p dow jones indices llc joint venture, an increase in income in lower tax rate jurisdictions and tax planning.
including discontinued operations, the effective tax rate was 103.5%, 33.1% and 45.8% for 2014, 2013 and 2012, respectively. the increase in the 2014 effective tax rate from the prior year period was primarily due to the expected tax treatment of charges for legal settlements. the decrease in the 2013 effective tax rate including discontinued operations was primarily due to the goodwill impairment recorded at mhe in 2012. additionally, the 2013 effective tax rate including discontinued operations was favorably impacted by the items listed above for continuing operations.
income from discontinued operations was $178 million in 2014 and $592 million in 2013, primarily as a result of after-tax gains of $160 million and $589 million recorded on the sale of mcgraw hill construction in 2014 and the sale of mhe in 2013, respectively.
segment review standard & poor's ratings services credit ratings are one of several tools that investors can use when making decisions about purchasing bonds and other fixed income investments. they are opinions about credit risk and our ratings express our opinion about the ability and willingness of an issuer, such as a corporation or state or city government, to meet its financial obligations in full and on time. our credit ratings can also relate to the credit quality of an individual debt issue, such as a corporate or municipal bond, and the relative likelihood that the issuer may default.
s&p ratings differentiates its revenue between transaction and non-transaction. transaction revenue primarily includes fees associated with:
•   corporate credit estimates, which are intended, based on an abbreviated analysis, to provide an indication of our opinion regarding creditworthiness of a company which does not currently have an s&amp;p ratings credit rating.
non-transaction revenue primarily includes fees for surveillance of a credit rating, annual fees for customer relationship-based pricing programs and fees for entity credit ratings.
(in millions)                                                     years ended december 31,                               % change transaction                        $1,129                $1,035                  $903               9       %          15       %
non-transaction                     1,326                 1,239                 1,131               7       %          10       %
transaction                            46    %               46    %               44    %
non-transaction                        54    %               54    %               56    %
operating (loss) profit 1           $(583    )             $882                  $809             n/m                   9       %
1   2014 includes $1.6 billion of legal and regulatory settlements and restructuring charges of approximately $45 million. 2013 includes $77 million of legal settlements, restructuring charges of approximately $10 million, and a $16 million gain on the sale of an equity investment held by crisil.
both transaction and non-transaction revenue grew compared to 2013, with transaction revenue growing at a slightly higher rate. additionally, both domestic and international revenue grew compared to 2013. domestic revenue was mostly driven by bond ratings revenue. international growth was primarily driven by annual fees and bank loan ratings in europe and bond ratings in asia.
transaction revenue increased in 2014 primarily driven by growth in both corporate and financial services bond ratings revenue with strong growth in all regions. corporates transaction revenue also benefitted from bank loan rating revenue growth in the u.s. and europe. growth was driven by mergers & acquisitions ("m&a"), as well as the continued low interest rate environment. these increases were partially offset by declines in structured finance, primarily due to a decreased number of u.s. collateral loan obligations ("clo's") rated during 2014, and a lower volume of rated conduit transactions during the year.
non-transaction revenue increased primarily due to growth in annual fees. annual fees include surveillance fees and other customer relationship-based fees. also contributing to the growth in non-transaction revenue were increases at crisil, primarily related to growth in their global research & analytics business as sales to new clients increased and the scope of work expanded with existing clients. additionally, non-transaction revenue was favorably impacted by increased res activity with growth driven by m&a and new rating engagements. non-transaction revenue includes an intersegment royalty charged to s&p capital iq for the rights to use and distribute content and data developed by s&p ratings. royalty revenue for 2014 and 2013 was $77 million and $72 million, respectively.
both transaction revenue and non-transaction revenue grew compared to 2012, with transaction revenue growing at a higher rate. additionally, both domestic and international revenue grew compared to 2012, with international growing at a faster pace, reflecting strong growth in europe as the economic outlook has improved.
transaction revenue grew in 2013 due to strong high-yield corporate bond issuance in the u.s. during the first half of 2013 and in europe for the full year, driven by refinancing activity and borrowers taking advantage of lower rates. increases in u.s. and europe bank loan ratings resulting from refinancing activity also contributed to the full year increase. these increases were partially offset by a decline in u.s. corporate bond issuance in the second half of the year, reflecting interest rate volatility in the early part of the third quarter of 2013 and challenging comparisons to 2012 related to robust refinancing activity. additionally, transaction revenue was favorably impacted by growth in structured finance revenues driven primarily by increased issuance of u.s. clo's and u.s. commercial mortgage backed securities ("cmbs").
non-transaction revenue increased in 2013 due to growth in non-issuance related revenue for corporate ratings, primarily for entity credit ratings in the u.s. and europe and increased res activity. additionally, crisil's acquisition of coalition development ltd. in july of 2012 had a favorable impact. non-transaction revenue includes an intersegment royalty charged to s&p capital iq for the rights to use and distribute content and data developed by s&p ratings. royalty revenue for 2013 and 2012 was $72 million and $69 million, respectively.
foreign exchange rates had an unfavorable impact of $5 million on revenue for 2013.
operating (loss) profit operating (loss) profit decreased compared to 2013 primarily due to $1.6 billion of legal and regulatory settlements in 2014 compared to $77 million of legal settlements in 2013, the unfavorable impact of higher restructuring charges recorded in 2014, and the $16 million gain on the sale of an equity investment held by crisil in the third quarter of 2013. operating (loss) profit was also impacted by higher legal defense costs primarily driven by increased litigation activity including the department of justice case. these decreases were partially offset by the increases in revenue noted above and a favorable impact to expenses from foreign exchange rates of $17 million. excluding the unfavorable items that impacted operating profit, total expenses for s&p ratings have increased slightly from the prior year.
operating profit increased compared to 2012 due to the increases in revenue as noted above. additionally, the gain on sale of an equity investment held by crisil of $16 million in 2013 and the favorable impact from foreign exchange rates of $11 million also contributed to the increase in operating profit. these increases were partially offset by legal settlements of $77 million, increased compliance and regulatory costs, higher incentive costs due to improved performance, increased advertising expenses, higher technology investments and crisil's acquisition of coalition development ltd. in july of 2012.
issuance volumes we monitor issuance volumes as an indicator of trends in transaction revenue streams within s&p ratings. issuance volumes noted within the discussion that follows are based on the domicile of the issuer. issuance volumes can be reported in two ways: by "domicile",which is based on where an issuer is located or where the assets associated with an issue are located, or based on "marketplace", which is where the bonds are sold. the following tables depict changes in issuance levels as compared to the prior year, based on thomson financial, harrison scott publications, dealogic and s&p rating's internal estimates.
investment grade                                   13      %            10      %
•   corporate issuance in the u.s. was up as increased investment-grade debt issuance was partially offset by weakness in high-yield debt issuance. investment-grade bond issuance growth was driven by m&amp;a activity, financial institutions taking advantage of the low interest rate environment to rebuild their capital structures, as well as opportunistic financing. high-yield debt issuance reflects lower refinancing activity in 2014; debt maturities have already been extended and credit terms have been favorably restructured for many issuers. issuance was also negatively impacted by geopolitical concerns.
•   corporate issuance in europe increased for 2014 with issuers being attracted to the market in the first half of the year looking to take advantage of improving economic conditions. however, high-yield debt issuance and investment grade issuance were both down in the second half of the year as a result of economic and social uncertainty in the european markets.
structured finance                                           u.s.               europe asset-backed securities ("abs")                         20      %            59      %
commercial mortgage-backed securities ("cmbs")           7      %           (58     )%
residential mortgage-backed securities ("rmbs")          2      %           122      %
* represents no activity in 2014 and 2013.
•   abs issuance in the u.s. was up, driven by continued strength in autos and credit cards. increased auto activity included a mix of prime and subprime loan lending driven by non-banking entities. credit card activity was up as consumer borrowing continued to expand and favorable spreads encouraged banks to tap into securitization for alternate funding. these increases were partially offset by a decline in student loan activity driven by lower federal family education loan program ("ffelp") refinancing with minimal private market deals. abs issuance in europe was also up, driven by favorable spreads and investors looking for diversification.
•   issuance was up in the u.s. cdo market due to an increase in clo issuance as favorable interest rates continued to drive solid corporate loan activity and also provided incentives to refinance legacy transactions. european cdo issuance was also up, driven in large part by u.k. placements and strong leveraged loan clo volume.
•   cmbs issuance was up in the u.s. and reached the highest full year volume since 2007. favorable fundamentals in the sector and tighter spreads drove the increase in volume in 2014. european cmbs issuance was down with very low activity in 2014 and 2013.
•   rmbs volume was up slightly in the u.s. driven by a higher volume of prime deals. even with the increase, the market continues to be challenged by the unfavorable economics of transactions, minimal private loan activity with most loans originated by the government sponsored enterprises ("gses") and a decrease in servicer advance activity. european rmbs volume was also up benefitting from the refocusing of the funding for lending scheme ("fls") program away from mortgage lending.
•   covered bond issuance (which are debt securities backed by mortgages or other high-quality assets that remain on the issuer's balance sheet) in europe was down reflecting the impact of the european central bank's long term refinancing offering, the drive for banks to increase deposit funding and the impact of lower mortgage production in many jurisdictions - all collectively reducing funding needs.
industry highlights and outlook global revenue growth in 2014 was primarily driven by growth in corporate and financial services bond ratings revenue, bank loan ratings revenue and annual fees, as well as rating evaluation services fees. corporate and financial service bond rating and bank loan rating activity is expected to continue to grow in 2015, but not at the same pace as seen in prior years. increased m&a activity is expected to continue, but concerns relating to international economic conditions and the threat of recession, as well as continued geopolitical uncertainties are likely to cause market volatility in 2015.
structured finance issuance in the u.s. is expected to continue its steady recovery in 2015. u.s. abs issuance volume increased in 2014 driven by solid auto and credit card issuance, offset by lower ffelp student loan refinancing activity. continued growth in vehicle sales along with improving consumer indicators will benefit the automobile market while ongoing bank diversification of funding will remain a key driver of credit card volume. volumes in the u.s. cmbs market are expected to grow in 2015. the u.s. cdo market continued to experience strong activity in 2014, driven by favorable interest rates and solid corporate loan activity. clo volume is expected to fall off slightly year over year as the incentives to refinance transactions due to the impact of upcoming regulatory changes were accelerated by managers in 2014.
during 2014, the emea structured finance markets that grew were largely driven by favorable spreads or changes to government sponsored programs. for 2015, volumes are expected to grow year over year partially driven by the recent european central bank ("ecb") announcement of purchase program ("abspp") which is anticipated to benefit securitization volumes. the momentum gained in the clo market during the last quarter of 2014 along with an increase in rmbs activity are both expected to continue in 2015.
legal and regulatory environment legal and regulatory environment general s&p ratings and many of the securities that it rates are subject to extensive regulation in both the united states and in other countries, and therefore existing and proposed laws and regulations can impact the company's operations and the markets in which it operates. additional laws and regulations have been adopted but not yet implemented or have been proposed or are being considered. in addition, in certain countries, governments may provide financial or other support to locally-based rating agencies. for example, governments may from time to time establish official rating agencies or credit ratings criteria or procedures for evaluating local issuers. we have reviewed the new laws, regulations and rules which have been adopted and we have implemented, or are planning to implement, changes as required. we do not believe that such new laws, regulations or rules will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. other laws, regulations and rules relating to credit rating agencies are being considered by local, national, foreign and multinational bodies and are likely to continue to be considered in the future, including provisions seeking to reduce regulatory and investor reliance on credit ratings, rotation of credit rating agencies and liability standards applicable to credit rating agencies. the impact on us of the adoption of any such laws, regulations or rules remains uncertain, but could increase the costs and legal risks relating to s&p ratings' rating activities, or adversely affect our ability to compete, or result in changes in the demand for credit ratings.
in the normal course of business both in the united states and abroad, s&p ratings (or the legal entities comprising s&p ratings) are defendants in numerous legal proceedings and are often the subject of government and regulatory proceedings, investigations and inquiries. many of these proceedings, investigations and inquiries relate to the ratings activity of s&p ratings brought by issuers and alleged purchasers of rated securities. in addition, various government and self-regulatory agencies frequently make inquiries and conduct investigations into s&p ratings' compliance with applicable laws and regulations. any of these proceedings, investigations or inquiries could ultimately result in adverse judgments, damages, fines, penalties or activity restrictions, which could adversely impact our consolidated financial condition, cash flows, business or competitive position.
for a further discussion of the legal and regulatory environment in our s&p ratings business, see note 12 - commitments and contingencies to the consolidated financial statements under item 8, consolidated financial statements and supplementary data, in this annual report on form 10-k, and for a further discussion of competitive and other risks inherent in our s&p ratings business, see item 1a, risk factors, in this annual report on form 10-k.
united states the businesses conducted by our s&p ratings segment are, in certain cases, regulated under the reform act, the dodd-frank act, the exchange and/or the laws of the states or other jurisdictions in which they conduct business. the financial services industry is subject to the potential for increased regulation in the united states.
s&p ratings is a credit rating agency that is registered with the sec as a nationally recognized statistical rating organization ("nrsro"). the sec first began informally designating nrsros in 1975 for use of their credit ratings in the determination of capital charges for registered brokers and dealers under the sec's net capital rule. the reform act created a new sec registration system for rating agencies that choose to register as nrsros. under the reform act, the sec is given authority and oversight of nrsros and can censure nrsros, revoke their registration or limit or suspend their registration in certain cases. the rules implemented by the sec pursuant to the reform act address, among other things, prevention or misuse of material non-public information, conflicts of interest and improving transparency of ratings performance and methodologies. the public portions of the current version of s&p ratings' form nrsro are available on s&p ratings' web site.
european union in the european union, the credit rating industry is registered and supervised through a pan-european regulatory framework which is a compilation of three sets of legislative actions. in 2009, the european parliament passed a regulation ("cra1") that established an oversight regime for the credit rating industry in the european union, which became effective in 2010. cra1 requires the registration, formal regulation and periodic inspection of credit rating agencies operating in the european union. s&p ratings applied for registration in august 2010 and was granted registration in october 2011. in january 2011, the european union established the esma, which has had direct supervisory responsibility for the registered credit rating industry throughout the european union since july 2011.
additional rules augmenting the supervisory framework for credit rating agencies went into effect in 2013. commonly referred to as cra3, these rules, among other things:
•   impose various additional procedural requirements with respect to ratings of sovereign issuers;
•   require member states to adopt laws imposing liability on credit rating agencies for an intentional or grossly negligent failure to abide by the applicable regulations;
•   impose mandatory rotation requirements on credit rating agencies hired by issuers of securities for ratings of resecuritizations, which may limit the number of years a credit rating agency can issue ratings for such securities of a particular issuer;
•   impose restrictions on credit rating agencies or their shareholders if certain ownership thresholds are crossed; and
•   impose additional procedural and substantive requirements on the pricing of services.
the financial services industry is subject to the potential for increased regulation in the european union.
other jurisdictions outside of the united states and the european union, regulators and government officials have also been implementing formal oversight of credit rating agencies. s&p ratings is subject to regulations in several foreign jurisdictions in which it operates and continues to work closely with regulators globally, including iosco and others to promote the global consistency of regulatory requirements. s&p ratings expects regulators in additional countries to introduce new regulations in the future.
s&p capital iq s&p capital iq's portfolio of capabilities are designed to help the financial community track performance, generate better investment returns (alpha), identify new trading and investment ideas, perform risk analysis, and develop mitigation strategies.
s&p capital iq includes the following business lines:
•   s&amp;p capital iq desktop &amp; enterprise solutions - a product suite that provides data, analytics and third-party research for global finance professionals, which includes the s&amp;p capital iq desktop and integrated bulk data feeds that can be customized, which include quanthouse, s&amp;p securities evaluations, cusip and compustat;
•   s&amp;p credit solutions - commercial arm that sells standard &amp; poor's ratings services' credit ratings and related data, analytics and research, which includes subscription-based offerings, ratingsdirect® and ratingsxpress®; and
•   s&amp;p capital iq markets intelligence - a comprehensive source of market research for financial professionals, which includes global markets intelligence, leveraged commentary &amp; data and equity research services.
(in millions)                                                    years ended december 31,                                % change operating profit                    $228                  $189                  $183               21       %           3       %
revenue grew compared to 2013 primarily due to growth from the s&p capital iq desktop, ratingsxpress® and ratingsdirect®, driven by increases in average contract values for each product. this was partially offset by an unfavorable impact related to the closure of several non-core businesses.
growth in the average contract value of the s&p capital iq desktop was primarily driven by new customer relationships and increases for existing accounts. increases for existing accounts continued to be driven by bundled solution offerings integrated within the s&p capital iq desktop, new datasets and expanded coverage of existing datasets combined with improved functionality of the s&p capital iq desktop. the number of users on the s&p capital iq desktop continued to grow over 2013. additionally, s&p capital iq desktop benefited in 2014 from a higher customer retention rate compared to 2013.
both domestic and international revenue increased over 2013, with international revenue growing at a slightly higher rate than domestic revenue. international revenue increased 6% over 2013 and represented 35% of s&p capital iq's total revenue. international revenue growth in 2014 was primarily driven by sales growth of the s&p capital iq desktop in europe, asia and canada.
the subscription base for ratingsxpress® is growing due to new client relationships and expanded relationships within existing accounts as the number of customers has increased 3% in 2014 as compared to 2013. ratingsxpress® continues to benefit from improvements made to the speed and timeliness through delivery on the xpressfeed platform. additionally, ratingsxpress® continues to benefit from increased compliance requirements which have created a greater need for alternative risk tools. ratingsdirect® also had revenue growth in 2014 as increased contract values were driven by the sale of bundled packages including the s&p capital iq desktop. customer retention rates for both ratingsxpress® and ratingsdirect® also improved in 2014 compared to 2013.
revenue grew compared to 2012 primarily due growth at the s&p capital iq desktop and ratingsxpress®, partially offset by an unfavorable impact related to the closure of several non-core businesses and declines in several of our investment research products.
the increase at the s&p capital iq desktop was driven by market share gains and increased contract values for existing accounts. the number of users on the s&p capital iq desktop grew over 2012. contract value growth was driven by success in the corporate and investment management client segments. these segments also grew as a result of our bundled solution offerings integrated within the capital iq platform. increased contract values were also driven by new datasets and expanded coverage of existing datasets combined with improved functionality and performance of the s&p capital iq desktop platform.
both domestic and international revenue increased over 2012, however, international increased at a higher rate due to the continued sales growth of the s&p capital iq desktop in europe and asia and the growth of quanthouse. international growth was partially offset by our decision to close certain businesses and products within s&p capital iq markets intelligence.
the subscription base for ratingsxpress® grew due to new client relationships and expanded relationships within existing accounts as the number of customers increased 5% in 2013 as compared to 2012. ratingsxpress® benefited from increased compliance requirements which created a greater need for alternative risk tools. improvements made to the speed and timeliness through delivery on the xpressfeed platform also contributed to growth in ratingsxpress®. sales related to ratingsdirect® increased more toward the second half of 2013 as the product became available on the s&p capital iq desktop platform and growth in contract values was driven by being able to sell bundled packages with other s&p capital iq desktop data sets.
the 2012 acquisitions of quanthouse and credit market analysis limited also contributed to the increase in revenue.
operating profit operating profit increased as compared to 2013 due to the increase in revenue as discussed above, expense savings from the closure of several non-core businesses and a favorable impact from foreign exchange rates of $8 million. partially offsetting the increases to operating profit were increased compensation costs, primarily due to improved sales performance and additional headcount in developing regions, and higher technology costs. operating profit was also unfavorably impacted by higher restructuring charges in 2014 as compared to 2013.
operating profit increased slightly as compared to 2012 due to the increase in revenue as discussed above, lower expenses resulting from the closure of several non-core businesses, reductions in outside consulting fees, lower restructuring costs in 2013 as compared to 2012 and a favorable impact from foreign exchange rates of $9 million. partially offsetting the increases to operating profit were higher incentive costs due to improved performance, increased costs of sales for exchange fees incurred by quanthouse, costs related to additional headcount in developing regions and a loss on the sale of financial communications of $3 million in 2013.
industry highlights and outlook in 2014, s&p capital iq continued to focus on integrating and evolving its assets and capabilities into one scaled business that offers unique, high-value offerings across all asset classes. s&p capital iq continued to build new functionality filling critical capability gaps to bolster its foundation for future growth.
in 2015, s&p capital iq will seek to expand key data sets, tools and analytics. the group will also seek to grow revenues outside the u.s. by addressing data gaps in key markets.
legal and regulatory environment the financial services industry is subject to the potential for increased regulation in the united states and abroad. the businesses conducted by s&p capital iq are in certain cases regulated under the u.s. investment advisers act of 1940 (the "investment advisers act") and/or the laws of the states or other jurisdictions in which they conduct business.
mhfre is authorized and regulated in the united kingdom by the financial conduct authority. mhfre is authorized to arrange and advise on investments. mhfre is entitled to exercise a passport right to provide specified cross border services into other european economic area ("eea") states, under and subject to the conditions in the markets in financial instruments directive ("mifid").
the markets for financial research, investment and advisory services are very competitive. s&p capital iq competes domestically and internationally on the basis of a number of factors, including the quality of its research and advisory services, client service, reputation, price, geographic scope, range of products and services, and technological innovation. for a further discussion of competitive and other risks inherent in our s&p capital iq business, see item 1a, risk factors, in this annual report on form 10-k.
s&p dj indices s&p dj indices is a global index provider that maintains a wide variety of indices to meet an array of investor needs. s&p dj indices' mission is to provide transparent benchmarks to help with decision making, collaborate with the financial community to create innovative products and provide investors with tools to monitor world markets.
•   investment vehicles - such as etfs, which are based on the s&amp;p dow jones indices' benchmarks and generate revenue through fees based on assets and underlying funds;
•   exchange listed derivatives - which generate royalties based on trading volumes of derivatives contracts listed on various exchanges;
•   index-related licensing fees - which are either fixed or variable annual and per-issue fees for over-the-counter derivatives and retail-structured products; and
•   data and customized index subscription fees - which support index fund management, portfolio analytics and research.
(in millions)                                                                               years ended december 31,                       % change operating profit                                                   $347                $266                $202               30%               32%
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests            92                 $73                 $34               25%               n/m net operating profit                                               $255                $193                $168               32%               15%
revenue at s&p dj indices grew compared to 2013, primarily driven by higher average levels of assets under management ("aum") for etfs and mutual funds. higher volumes for exchange-traded derivatives also contributed to revenue growth. these increases were partially offset by the unfavorable impact of lower over-the-counter derivative trading volumes in 2014 driven by the expiration of a licensing arrangement for commodities indices in june of 2014.
45 new etfs were launched during 2014 compared to 40 launched during 2013. aum for etfs rose 25% to $832 billion in 2014 from $668 billion in 2013. aum for the fourth quarter of 2014 surpassed the record amount set in the third quarter of 2014 and s&p dj indices continues to be the leading index provider for the etf market with assets representing 29% of global etf assets.
revenue at s&p dj indices grew compared to 2012 primarily due to the incremental revenue from the s&p dow jones indices llc joint venture. excluding the incremental revenue from the joint venture, revenue increased primarily due higher average levels of assets under management for etf products. the trend toward etf products continued in 2013 driving a fourth consecutive quarterly record for etf assets under management in the fourth quarter of 2013. volumes for exchange-traded derivatives continued to increase primarily for certain chicago board options exchange ("cboe") products. higher rates for certain new contracts also contributed to revenue growth in 2013.
40 new etfs were launched during 2013 compared to 85 launched during 2012. assets under management for etfs rose 43% to $668 billion in 2013 from $466 billion in 2012. as the etf market becomes more mature, we are beginning to evaluate those etf's that have been launched that have not been as successful and making efforts to close them down.
operating profit operating profit grew compared to 2013 due to the increase in revenue as discussed above, the favorable impact of a $26 million non-cash impairment charge recorded in 2013 associated with an intangible asset acquired with the formation of the s&p dow jones indices llc joint venture and a reduction of royalty expenses. the reduction of royalty expenses was the result of purchases of intellectual property rights to certain commodities indices developed by goldman sachs, and broad market indices ("bmi") from citigroup global markets inc. as well as the expiration of a licensing arrangement for commodities indices in june of 2014. these expense reductions were partially offset by an increase in compensation costs related to additional headcount and higher incentive costs.
operating profit increased due to the increase in revenue as discussed above and from the reduction of transaction costs associated with our s&p dow jones indices llc joint venture in 2012. this was partially offset by the impact of higher data fees, increased incentive costs due to improved financial performance and higher marketing costs due to increased advertising levels as building the s&p dj indices brand was a focus in 2013. the increase in 2013 was also partially offset by the impact of a full year of expenses for our s&p dow jones indices llc joint venture. additionally, we incurred a $26 million non-cash impairment charge associated with an intangible asset acquired through the formation of the s&p dow jones indices llc joint venture.
industry highlights and outlook s&p dj indices, the leading index provider for the etf market space, grew in 2014 as the trend toward etfs continued, driving record aum levels. in 2015, we expect this favorable trend to continue driving higher aum levels over the long-term. s&p dj indices will also seek to diversify their portfolio of index offerings through asset class expansion, new geographies, and investment strategies. this group will seek to expand its fixed income offering and grow its local presence in emerging markets.
legal and regulatory environment the financial services industry generally and the benchmark industry specifically are subject to the potential for increased regulation in the united states and abroad.
the european union has recently finalized a package of legislative measures known as mifid ii, which revise and update the existing e.u. markets in financial instruments directive framework. mifid ii will apply in full in all e.u. member states from january 3, 2017. mifid ii includes provisions that, among other things: (i) impose new conditions and requirements on the licensing of benchmarks and provide for non-discriminatory access to exchanges and clearing houses; (ii) modify the categorization and treatment of certain classes of derivatives; (iii) expand the categories of trading venue that are subject to regulation; and (iv) provide for the mandatory trading of certain derivatives on exchanges (complementing the mandatory derivative clearing requirements in the e.u. market infrastructure regulation of 2011). although the mifid ii package is "framework" legislation (meaning that much of the detail of the rules will be set out in subordinate measures to be agreed upon in the period before 2017), it is possible that the introduction of these laws and rules could affect s&p dj indices' ability both to administer and license its indices.
in july 2013, iosco issued financial benchmark principles, which are intended to promote the reliability of benchmark determinations, and address governance, benchmark quality and accountability mechanisms, including with regard to the indices published by s&p dj indices. even though the financial benchmark principles are not binding law, s&p dj indices has taken steps to align its operations with the financial benchmark principles.
benchmark regulation is continuing to be considered in the european union, and at the same time the united kingdom is also reviewing its domestic framework for the supervision of benchmark administrators; as a result of these measures, as well as measures that could be taken in other jurisdictions outside of europe, s&p dj indices could in due course be required to obtain registration or authorization in connection with its benchmark activities in europe and elsewhere.
the markets for index providers are very competitive. s&p dj indices competes domestically and internationally on the basis of a number of factors, including the quality of its benchmark indices, client service, reputation, price, geographic scope, range of products and services, and technological innovation.
for a further discussion of competitive and other risks inherent in our s&p dj indices business, see item 1a, risk factors, in this annual report on form 10-k.
commodities & commercial c&c consists of business-to-business companies specializing in the commodities and commercial markets that deliver their customers access to high-value information, data, analytic services and pricing and quality benchmarks. c&c includes the following brands:
•   platts - provides essential price data, analytics, and industry insight that enable commodities markets to perform with greater transparency and efficiency; and
•   j.d. power - provides essential consumer intelligence to help businesses measure, understand, and improve the key performance metrics that drive growth and profitability.
on november 3, 2014, we completed the sale of mcgraw hill construction, which has historically been part of our c&c segment, to symphony technology group for $320 million in cash completing the portfolio rationalization to create mcgraw hill financial. accordingly, the results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2014 and all prior periods presented have been reclassified to reflect the business as a discontinued operation. the assets and liabilities have been removed from the consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2014 and classified as held for sale as of december 31, 2013. see note 2 - acquisitions and divestitures for further discussion.
the c&c business is driven by the need for high-value information and transparency in a variety of industries. c&c seeks to deliver premier content that is deeply embedded in customer workflows and decision making processes.
•   subscription revenue - subscriptions to our real-time news, market data and price assessments, along with other information products, primarily serving the energy and automotive industry; and
•   non-subscription revenue - primarily from licensing of our proprietary market price data and price assessments to commodity exchanges, syndicated and proprietary research studies, conference sponsorship, consulting engagements, and events.
as of august 1, 2013, we completed the sale of aviation week and results have been included in c&c's results through that date. see note 2 - acquisitions and divestitures to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
(in millions)                                              years ended december 31,                                % change operating profit                  $290                $280                $219                3       %          28       %
revenue increased compared to 2013 due to continued demand for platts' proprietary content as platts' revenue grew across all regions. this growth was mainly driven by strength in platts' market data and price assessment products across all commodity sectors, led by petroleum. while petroleum is still the biggest driver, the revenue mix continues to become more diversified as other sectors continued to show positive annualized contract value growth including petrochemicals, natural gas, coal, metals and agriculture. platts' revenue in 2014 was also favorably impacted by the acquisition of eclipse energy group as and its operating subsidiaries ("eclipse") in july of 2014. see note 2 - acquisitions and divestitures for further discussion.
additionally, growth at j.d. power also contributed to the revenue increase. increases at j.d. power were driven by strong demand for auto consulting engagements in the u.s. and singapore and growth in the u.s. power information network® ("pin") business. pin provides real-time automotive information and decision-support tools based on the collection and analysis of daily new- and used-vehicle retail transaction data from thousands of automotive franchises. international revenue at j.d. power increased 8% in 2014 compared to 2013. the asia-pacific region represented approximately 31% of j.d. power's total revenue in 2014 and 2013.
revenue increased due to continued demand for platts' proprietary content as platts' revenue grew across all regions. this growth was mainly driven by strength in platts' market data and price assessment products across all commodity sectors, led by petroleum, complemented by gains in demand for shipping data and risk forward curve products. additionally, growth has been driven by the continued licensing of our proprietary market price data and price assessments to various commodity exchanges. while petroleum is still the biggest driver, the revenue mix continues to become more diversified as other sectors showed positive annualized contract value growth including petrochemicals, natural gas, coal and metals and agriculture. the acquisition of kingsman in the fourth quarter of 2012 also contributed to the growth in the agriculture sector.
additionally, growth at j.d. power contributed to the increase. revenue at j.d. power for 2013 represented a record revenue year. revenue growth was due to strong demand in china for auto consulting engagements, growth in u.s. auto driven by additional consulting and proprietary engagements and growth in pin. international revenue at j.d. power increased 13% for the year as compared to 2012.
operating profit operating profit increased compared to 2013 as the increase in revenue as discussed above was partially offset by a pre-tax gain of $11 million on the sale of aviation week that was recorded in the third quarter of 2013 and the unfavorable impact of higher restructuring charges in 2014 as compared to 2013. additionally, increased costs at platts and j.d. power related to additional headcount, merit increases, and other operating costs to support business growth also partially offset the revenue increases.
operating profit increased primarily due to higher revenue at platts and j.d. power as noted above. growth at j.d. power was also due to lower expenses primarily due to increased productivity and lower incentive costs. additionally, the sale of aviation week during the third quarter of 2013 resulted in a pre-tax gain of $11 million. partially offsetting the increases at platts were additional headcount and other operating costs to support business growth.
industry highlights and outlook c&c expects to continue to invest in digital capabilities that will enable our brands to become more integrated in our customers' workflows, compete more effectively in the marketplace, and create a foundation for the development of new products and revenue streams. the segment expects to further expand its presence in selected markets and geographies to help drive growth.
high growth in supply and an uncertain pace of demand growth causes volatility in energy prices, which will drive market participant demand for platts' proprietary content, including news, price assessments and analytics. however, if commodity prices remain at levels that are lower than in recent years, this is likely to have an adverse impact on the rate of growth for subscription and conference revenue in some of platts' customer segments. the international energy agency ("iea"), in its first monthly forecast of 2015, predicted that world oil consumption will rise to 93.3 million barrels per day in 2015, a gain of 0.9 million barrels per day compared to 2014. the iea expected non-opec total liquids supply to expand by 950,000 barrels per day in 2015, following growth of 1.9 million barrels per day in 2014. in 2015, platts will continue to invest in technology and customer engagement activities to seek to drive additional revenue growth across all commodity sectors. they will also seek to continue to leverage the capabilities and content from recent acquisitions and expand into adjacent markets. similar to 2014, they expect to continue to introduce a number of new products and price assessments within all commodity sectors. on october 30, 2014, platts confirmed that they had completed their second annual assurance review for oil price assessments, confirming their alignment with the iosco's pra principles. by the end of 2014, platts had largely implemented the principles for their assessments for power, gas, metals, petrochemicals and agriculture. platts plans to undertake a comprehensive assurance review for non-oil commodities beginning in january 2015.
demand for our automotive studies is driven by the performance of the automotive industry. in 2014, global and u.s. light vehicle sales increased approximately 3% and 6%, respectively, compared to 2013, with growth across most primary markets except russia and brazil. for 2015, j.d. power projects growth for both global and u.s. light vehicles sales of 3%. in 2015, j.d. power will strive to grow the core business by strengthening their benchmark studies, leveraging new initiatives to drive operational efficiencies and enhance customer delivery and increasing the distribution of their syndicated studies. international growth will continue to be a key focus in 2015 as they will look to extend product offerings to increase penetration in the asia-pacific region and exploring growth opportunities in target growth markets (china, brazil and mexico).
legal and regulatory environment platts' commodities price assessment and information business is subject to increasing regulatory scrutiny in the united states and abroad.
in the european union, for a discussion on the effects of mifid ii, which may also impact platts' business, see "-s&p dj indices-legal and regulatory environment." although the mifid ii package is "framework" legislation, it is possible that the introduction of these laws and rules could affect platts' ability both to administer and license its price assessments.
on october 5, 2012, iosco issued its pra principles which sets out principles that iosco states are intended to enhance the reliability of oil price assessments referenced in derivative contracts subject to regulation by iosco members. platts has taken steps to align its operations with the pra principles and as recommended by iosco in its final report on the pra principles, is in the process of completing its alignment to the pra principles for other commodities for which it publishes benchmarks. the cost of compliance with the pra principles as well as obtaining annual third-party reviews of its adherence to the pra principles will increase platts' cost of doing business.
benchmark regulation is continuing to be considered in the european union, and at the same time the united kingdom is also reviewing its domestic framework for the supervision of benchmark administrators; as a result of these measures, as well as measures that could be taken in other jurisdictions outside of europe, platts could in due course be required to obtain registration or authorization in connection with its benchmark and price assessment activities in europe and elsewhere.
the markets for commodities price assessments and information are very competitive. platts competes domestically and internationally on the basis of a number of factors, including the quality of its assessments and other information it provides to the commodities and related markets, client service, reputation, price, geographic scope, range of products and services, and technological innovation. furthermore, sustained downward pressure on oil and other commodities prices and trading activity in those markets could have a material adverse impact on the rate of growth of platts' revenue.
for a further discussion of the legal and regulatory environment in our c&c business, see note 12 - commitments and contingencies to the consolidated financial statements under item 8, consolidated financial statements and supplementary data, in this annual report on form 10-k, and for a further discussion of competitive and other risks inherent in our c&c business, see item 1a, risk factors, in this annual report on form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources we continue to maintain a strong financial position. our primary source of funds for operations is cash from our businesses and our core businesses have been strong cash generators. in 2015, cash on hand, cash flows from operations and availability under our existing credit facility are expected to be sufficient to meet any additional operating and recurring cash needs into the foreseeable future. we use our cash for a variety of needs, including among others: ongoing investments in our businesses, strategic acquisitions, share repurchases, dividends, repayment of debt, capital expenditures and investment in our infrastructure.
cash flow overview cash and cash equivalents were $2.5 billion as of december 31, 2014, an increase of $955 million as compared to december 31, 2013, and consisted of approximately 60% of domestic cash and 40% of cash held abroad. typically, cash held outside the u.s. is anticipated to be utilized to fund international operations or to be reinvested outside of the u.s., as a significant portion of our opportunities for growth in the coming years is expected to be abroad. in the event funds from international operations are needed to fund operations in the u.s., we would be required to accrue for and pay taxes in the u.s. to repatriate these funds.
net cash provided by (used for):
operating activities from continuing operations          $1,209                  $782                $730
investing activities from continuing operations             (65    )             (130    )           (246    )
financing activities from continuing operations            (462    )           (1,743    )           (905    )
in 2014, free cash flow increased to $1.0 billion compared to $590 million in 2013. the increase was primarily due to the increase in cash provided from operating activities as discussed below. free cash flow is a non-gaap financial measure and reflects our cash flow provided by operating activities less capital expenditures and dividends and other payments paid to noncontrolling interests. capital expenditures include purchases of property and equipment and additions to technology projects. see "mda - reconciliation of non-gaap financial information" below for a reconciliation of cash flow provided by operating activities, the most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measure, to free cash flow.
operating activities cash provided by operating activities increased $427 million to $1.2 billion in 2014. the increase is mainly due to a tax refund received in the first quarter of 2014 related to an overpayment in 2013 and the timing of our estimated tax payment which was made in the first quarter of 2013 as compared to the fourth quarter of 2012. additionally, improved collections in 2014 impacting accounts receivable also contributed to the increase. these increases were partially offset by higher incentive payments in 2014 compared to 2013.
cash provided by operating activities increased $52 million to $782 million in 2013. the increase is mainly due to higher operating results and improved cash collections in 2013 impacting accounts receivable. these increases were partially offset by a tax payment made in the first quarter of 2013 as compared to the fourth quarter of 2012, our legal settlements and higher incentive compensation payments in 2013 reflecting greater achievement against targeted results in 2012 as compared to 2011.
in 2015, we intend to pay the accrued legal and regulatory settlement charges incurred in 2014.
investing activities our cash outflows from investing activities are primarily for acquisitions and capital expenditures, while cash inflows are primarily from dispositions.
cash used for investing activities decreased to $65 million for 2014 from $130 million in 2013. this was primarily due to higher proceeds from dispositions related to the sale of our data center to qts and proceeds from the sale of the company's aircraft. additionally, lower capital expenditures in 2014 compared to 2013 contributed to the decrease. these decreases were partially offset by a higher amount of cash paid for acquisitions in 2014 compared to 2013.
cash used for investing activities decreased $116 million to $130 million for 2013, primarily due to a lower amount of cash paid for acquisitions and higher proceeds from dispositions primarily due to our sale of aviation week and the sale of an equity investment held by crisil. these decreases were partially offset by an increase related to cash outflows for the purchase of short-term investments in 2013 compared to cash inflows from short-term investments in 2012.
refer to note 2 - acquisitions and divestitures to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
financing activities our cash outflows from financing activities consist primarily of share repurchases, dividends and repayment of debt, while cash inflows are primarily inflows from commercial paper borrowings and proceeds from the exercise of stock options.
cash used for financing activities decreased $1.3 billion to $462 million in 2014. this decrease is primarily attributable to a decrease in cash used for share repurchases and the repayment of short-term debt that occurred in the first quarter of 2013.
cash used for financing activities increased $838 million to $1.7 billion in 2013. this increase is primarily attributable to an increase in cash used for share repurchases, the repayment of short-term debt in the first quarter of 2013 and the purchase of crisil equity shares in the third quarter of 2013. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in cash used for dividends paid to shareholders due to a special dividend paid in 2012 and the payment related to the maturity of our $400 million, 5.375% senior notes in november of 2012.
during 2014, we used cash to repurchase 4.6 million shares for $362 million at an average price paid per share of $79.02, excluding commissions. included in the repurchase were 0.5 million shares of the company's common stock from the personal holdings of harold w. mcgraw iii, chairman of the company's board of directors and former president and ceo of the company ("mr. mcgraw") the shares were purchased at a discount of 0.35% from the june 24, 2014 new york stock exchange closing price pursuant to a private transaction with mr. mcgraw. we repurchased these shares with cash for $41 million at an average price of $82.66 per share. this transaction was approved by the nominating and corporate governance committee of the company's board of directors after consultation with members of the financial policy committee.
during 2013, we used cash to repurchase 16.8 million shares for $978 million, including commissions. the average price per share, excluding commissions, was $58.36. an additional 0.1 million shares were repurchased in the fourth quarter of 2013 for approximately $10 million, which settled in january of 2014. including these additional shares, we utilized cash to repurchase shares at an average price of $58.52, excluding commissions. during 2012, we used cash to repurchase 6.8 million shares for $295 million, including commissions. the average price per share, excluding commissions, was $50.35. the average price per share for 2012 does not include the accelerated share repurchase transaction as discussed in more detail in note 8 - equity to our consolidated financial statements. the repurchased shares may be used for general corporate purposes, including the issuance of shares for stock compensation plans and to offset the dilutive effect of the exercise of employee stock options.
on december 4, 2013, the board of directors approved a new stock repurchase program authorizing the purchase of up to 50 million shares (the "2013 repurchase program"), which was approximately 18% of the total shares of our outstanding common stock at that time. the 2013 repurchase program has no expiration date and purchases under this program may be made from time to time on the open market and in private transactions, depending on market conditions. as of december 31, 2014, 45.6 million shares remained available under the 2013 repurchase program.
cash provided by operating activities from discontinued operations of $18 million in 2014 relates to mcgraw hill construction and cash used for operating activities from discontinued operations of $231 million in 2013 relates both to mhe and mcgraw hill construction. cash used for operating activities from discontinued operations was $231 million in 2013 compared to cash provided by operating activities of $537 million in 2012 primarily as a result of the completion of the sale of mhe that occurred on march 22, 2013.
cash provided by investing activities from discontinued operations decreased to $320 million in 2014 compared to $2.1 billion in 2013 due to lower proceeds received from the sale of mcgraw hill construction compared to the proceeds received from the sale of mhe. cash provided by investing activities from discontinued operations was $2.1 billion in 2013 compared to cash used for investing activities from discontinued operations of $199 million in 2012. the increase in 2013 is primarily due to proceeds received from the sale of mhe in 2013.
cash used for financing activities decreased $25 million in 2014 as there was no impact related to mcgraw hill construction and increased $13 million in 2013 related to the sale of mhe.
additional financing currently, we have the ability to borrow a total of $1.0 billion through our commercial paper program, which is supported by our $1.0 billion four-year credit agreement (our "credit facility") that we entered into in june 2013 and will terminate on june 19, 2017. as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, we had no outstanding commercial paper.
we pay a commitment fee of 20 to 45 basis points for our credit facility, depending on our indebtedness to cash flow ratio, whether or not amounts have been borrowed and currently pay a commitment fee of 20 basis points. the interest rate on borrowings under our credit facility is, at our option, calculated using rates that are primarily based on either the prevailing london inter-bank offer rate, the prime rate determined by the administrative agent or the federal funds rate. for certain borrowings under this credit facility there is also a spread based on our indebtedness to cash flow ratio added to the applicable rate.
our credit facility contains certain covenants. the only financial covenant requires that our indebtedness to cash flow ratio, as defined in our credit facility, is not greater than 3.25 to 1, and this covenant has never been exceeded.
on january 22, 2015, fitch ratings revised its ratings outlook from negative to stable and affirmed our bbb+ long-term debt rating and f2 short-term/commercial debt rating.
contractual obligations we typically have various contractual obligations, which are recorded as liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets, while other items, such as certain purchase commitments and other executory contracts, are not recognized, but are disclosed herein. for example, we are contractually committed to contracts for information-technology outsourcing, certain enterprise-wide information-technology software licensing and maintenance and make certain minimum lease payments for the use of property under operating lease agreements.
we believe that the amount of cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash flow expected from operations and availability under our credit facility will be adequate for us to execute our business strategy and meet anticipated requirements for lease obligations, capital expenditures, working capital and debt service for 2015.
the following table summarizes our significant contractual obligations and commercial commitments as of december 31, 2014, over the next several years that relate to our continuing operations. additional details regarding these obligations are provided in the notes to our consolidated financial statements, as referenced in the footnotes to the table:
(in millions)                              less than 1year             1-3 years             3-5 years            more than 5years               total legal and regulatory settlements 1          $1,609                      $-                    $-                        $-                  $1,609
1   see note 12 - commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion on our legal and regulatory settlements.
2   our debt obligations are described in note 5 - debt to our consolidated financial statements.
3   amounts shown include taxes and escalation payments, see note 12 - commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion on our operating lease obligations.
4   other consists primarily of commitments for unconditional purchase obligations in contracts for information-technology outsourcing and certain enterprise-wide information-technology software licensing and maintenance.
as of december 31, 2014 we had $118 million of liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits. we have excluded the liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits from our contractual obligations table because reasonable estimates of the timing of cash settlements with the respective taxing authorities are not practicable.
as of december 31, 2014, we have recorded $810 million for our redeemable noncontrolling interest in our s&p dow jones indices llc partnership discussed in note 8 - equity to our consolidated financial statements.  specifically, this amount relates to the put option under the terms of the operating agreement of s&p dow jones indices llc, whereby, after december 31, 2017, cme group and cgis will have the right at any time to sell, and we are obligated to buy, at least 20% of their share in s&p dow jones indices llc. we have excluded this amount from our contractual obligations table because we are uncertain as to the timing and the ultimate amount of the potential payment we may be required to make.
we make contributions to our pension and postretirement plans in order to satisfy minimum funding requirements as well as additional contributions that we consider appropriate to improve the funded status of our plans. during 2014, we contributed $22 million and $9 million to our domestic and international retirement and postretirement plans, respectively. expected employer contributions in 2015 are $15 million and $10 million for our domestic and international retirement and postretirement plans, respectively. in 2015, we may elect to make additional non-required contributions depending on investment performance and the pension plan status. see note 6 - employee benefits to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, we did not have any relationships with unconsolidated entities, such as entities often referred to as specific purpose or variable interest entities where we are the primary beneficiary, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. as such we are not exposed to any financial liquidity, market or credit risk that could arise if we had engaged in such relationships.
reconciliation of non-gaap financial information free cash flow is a non-gaap financial measure and reflects our cash flow provided by operating activities less capital expenditures and dividends and other payments paid to noncontrolling interests. capital expenditures include purchases of property and equipment and additions to technology projects. our cash flow provided by operating activities is the most directly comparable u.s. gaap financial measure to free cash flow.
we believe the presentation of free cash flow allows our investors to evaluate the cash generated from our underlying operations in a manner similar to the method used by management. we use free cash flow to conduct and evaluate our business because we believe it typically presents a more conservative measure of cash flows since capital expenditures and dividends and other payments paid to noncontrolling interests are considered a necessary component of ongoing operations. free cash flow is useful for management and investors because it allows management and investors to evaluate the cash available to us to service debt, make strategic acquisitions and investments, repurchase stock and fund ongoing operation and working capital needs.
the presentation of free cash flow is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with u.s. gaap. free cash flow, as we calculate it, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures employed by other companies. the following table presents a reconciliation of our cash flow provided by operating activities to free cash flow:
cash provided by operating activities                                  $1,209                $782                $730
capital expenditures                                                      (92    )           (117    )            (96    )
dividends and other payments paid to noncontrolling interests             (84    )            (75    )            (24    )
critical accounting estimates our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. unless otherwise indicated, all discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations relate to our continuing operations.
on an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions, including those related to revenue recognition, allowance for doubtful accounts, valuation of long-lived assets, goodwill and other intangible assets, pension plans, incentive compensation and stock-based compensation, income taxes, contingencies and redeemable noncontrolling interests. we base our estimates on historical experience, current developments and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under these circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about carrying values of assets and liabilities that cannot readily be determined from other sources. there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ from those estimates.
management considers an accounting estimate to be critical if it required assumptions to be made that were uncertain at the time the estimate was made and changes in the estimate or different estimates could have a material effect on our results of operations. management has discussed the development and selection of our critical accounting estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors. the audit committee has reviewed our disclosure relating to them in this md&a.
we believe the following critical accounting policies require us to make significant judgments and estimates in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements:
revenue recognition revenue is recognized as it is earned when services are rendered. we consider amounts to be earned once evidence of an arrangement has been obtained, services are performed, fees are fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. revenue relating to products that provide for more than one deliverable is recognized based upon the relative fair value to the customer of each deliverable as each deliverable is provided. revenue relating to agreements that provide for more than one service is recognized based upon the relative fair value to the customer of each service component as each component is earned. if the fair value to the customer for each service is not objectively determinable, we make our best estimate of the services' stand alone selling price and recognize revenue as earned as the services are delivered. the allocation of consideration received from multiple element arrangements that involve initial assignment of ratings and the future surveillance of ratings is determined through an analysis that considers cash consideration that would be received for instances when the service components are sold separately. in such cases, we defer portions of rating fees that we estimate will be attributed to future surveillance and recognize the deferred revenue ratably over the estimated surveillance periods. advertising revenue is recognized when the page is run. subscription income is recognized over the related subscription period.
for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, no significant changes have been made to the underlying assumptions related to estimates of revenue or the methodologies applied. based on our current outlook these assumptions are not expected to significantly change in 2015.
allowance for doubtful accounts the allowance for doubtful accounts reserve methodology is based on historical analysis, a review of outstanding balances and current conditions. in determining these reserves, we consider, amongst other factors, the financial condition and risk profile of our customers, areas of specific or concentrated risk as well as applicable industry trends or market indicators. the impact on operating profit for a one percentage point change in the allowance for doubtful accounts is approximately $10 million.
for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, we made no material changes in our assumptions regarding the determination of the allowance for doubtful accounts. based on our current outlook these assumptions are not expected to significantly change in 2015.
accounting for the impairment of long-lived assets (including other intangible assets)
we evaluate long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. upon such an occurrence, recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by comparing the carrying amount of an asset to current forecasts of undiscounted future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. if the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized equal to the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the asset. for long-lived assets held for sale, assets are written down to fair value, less cost to sell. fair value is determined based on market evidence, discounted cash flows, appraised values or management's estimates, depending upon the nature of the assets.
on july 31, 2014, we completed the sale of the company's aircraft to harold w. mcgraw iii, chairman of the company's board of directors and former president and ceo of the company for a purchase price of $20 million. during the second quarter of 2014, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $6 million within other loss (income) in our consolidated statement of income as a result of the pending sale. see note 13 - related party transactions to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
on june 30, 2014, we completed the sale of our data center to quality technology services, llc ("qts") which owns, operates, and manages data centers. net proceeds from the sale of $58 million were received in july of 2014. the sale includes all of the facilities and equipment on the south campus of our east windsor, new jersey location, inclusive of the rights and obligations associated with an adjoining solar power field. the sale resulted in an expense of $3 million recorded within other loss (income) in our consolidated statement of income, which is in addition to the non-cash impairment charge of $36 million we recorded in the fourth quarter of 2013 to adjust the value facilities and associated infrastructure classified as held for sale to their fair value.
during the fourth quarter of 2013, we also incurred a $26 million non-cash impairment charge associated with an intangible asset acquired through the formation of our s&p dow jones indices llc joint venture.
there were no material impairments of long-lived assets for the year ended december 31, 2012.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets goodwill represents the excess of purchase price and related costs over the value assigned to the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets of businesses acquired. as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, the carrying value of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets was $2.1 billion and $2.0 billion, respectively. goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized, but instead are tested for impairment annually during the fourth quarter each year or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired.
goodwill as part of our annual impairment test of our 4 reporting units, we initially perform a qualitative analysis evaluating whether any events and circumstances occurred that provide evidence that it is more likely than not that the fair value of any of our reporting units is less than its carrying amount. our qualitative assessment included, but was not limited to, consideration of macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, cost factors, cash flows, changes in key company personnel and our share price. if, based on our evaluation of the events and circumstances that occurred during the year we do not believe that it is more likely than not that the fair value of any of our reporting units is less than its carrying amount, no quantitative impairment test is performed. conversely, if the results of our qualitative assessment determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of any of our reporting units is less than its respective carrying amount we perform a two-step quantitative impairment test. for 2014, based on our qualitative assessments, we determined that it is more likely than not that our reporting units' fair value was greater than their respective carrying amounts.
if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value, a second step is performed which compares the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill to the carrying value of the goodwill. the implied fair value of the goodwill is determined based on the difference between the fair value of the reporting unit and the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of the reporting unit. if the implied fair value of the goodwill is less than the carrying value, the difference is recognized as an impairment charge.
indefinite-lived intangible assets we evaluate the recoverability of indefinite-lived intangible assets by first performing a qualitative analysis evaluating whether any events and circumstances occurred that provide evidence that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived asset is impaired. if, based on our evaluation of the events and circumstances that occurred during the year we do not believe that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived asset is impaired, no quantitative impairment test is performed. conversely, if the results of our qualitative assessment determine that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived asset is impaired a quantitative impairment test is performed. if necessary, the impairment test is performed by comparing the estimated fair value of the intangible asset to its carrying value. if the indefinite-lived intangible asset carrying value exceeds its fair value, an impairment analysis is performed using the income approach. the fair value of loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. significant judgments inherent in these analyses include estimating the amount and timing of future cash flows and the selection of appropriate discount rates, royalty rates and long-term growth rate assumptions. changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value for this indefinite-lived intangible asset and could result in an impairment charge, which could be material to our financial position and results of operations.
we performed our impairment assessment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets at our s&p ratings, s&p capital iq, s&p dj indices and c&c operating segments and concluded that no impairment existed for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013, and 2012.
retirement plans and postretirement healthcare and other benefits our employee pension and other postretirement benefit costs and obligations are dependent on assumptions concerning the outcome of future events and circumstances, including compensation increases, long-term return on pension plan assets, healthcare cost trends, discount rates and other factors. in determining such assumptions, we consult with outside actuaries and other advisors where deemed appropriate. in accordance with relevant accounting standards, if actual results differ from our assumptions, such differences are deferred and amortized over the estimated remaining lifetime of the plan participants. while we believe that the assumptions used in these calculations are reasonable, differences in actual experience or changes in assumptions could affect the expense and liabilities related to our pension and other postretirement benefits.
the following is a discussion of some significant assumptions that we make in determining costs and obligations for pension and other postretirement benefits:
•   healthcare cost trend assumptions are based on historical market data, the near-term outlook and an assessment of likely long-term trends.
•   the expected return on assets assumption is calculated based on the plan's asset allocation strategy and projected market returns over the long-term.
our discount rate and return on asset assumptions used to determine the net periodic pension and postretirement benefit cost on our u.s. retirement plans are as follows:
return on assets                           6.25    %     7.125    %      7.25    %
1   the discount rate assumption used to determine the net periodic pension and postretirement benefit cost on our u.s. retirement plans on january 1 is based on the discount rate assumption used to determine the benefit obligation as of december 31 of the previous year.
in addition to the assumptions in the above table, assumed mortality is also a key assumption in determining benefit obligations. at december 31, 2014, the company updated the assumed mortality rates to reflect life expectancy improvements.
stock-based compensation stock-based compensation expense is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized over the requisite service period, which typically is the vesting period. stock-based compensation is classified as both operating-related expense and selling and general expense in our consolidated statements of income.
we use a lattice-based option-pricing model to estimate the fair value of options granted. the following assumptions were used in valuing the options granted (in 2012, stock options were not granted as part of employees' total stock-based incentive awards):
risk-free average interest rate                            0.1 - 2.9%                  0.1 - 2.9%             n/a dividend yield                                             1.8 - 1.4%                2.09 - 2.07%             n/a volatility                                                   18 - 41%                    29 - 45%             n/a expected life (years)                                     6.25 - 6.21                   6.1 - 6.2             n/a weighted-average grant-date fair value per option              $23.41                      $14.46             n/a because lattice-based option-pricing models incorporate ranges of assumptions, those ranges are disclosed. these assumptions are based on multiple factors, including historical exercise patterns, post-vesting termination rates, expected future exercise patterns and the expected volatility of our stock price. the risk-free interest rate is the imputed forward rate based on the u.s. treasury yield at the date of grant. we use the historical volatility of our stock price over the expected term of the options to estimate the expected volatility. the expected term of options granted is derived from the output of the lattice model and represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding.
income taxes deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to be applied to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. we recognize liabilities for uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in income tax returns. accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are recognized in interest expense and operating expense, respectively.
judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities and unrecognized tax benefits. in determining the need for a valuation allowance, the historical and projected financial performance of the operation that is recording a net deferred tax asset is considered along with any other pertinent information.
we file income tax returns in the u.s. federal jurisdiction, various states, and foreign jurisdictions, and we are routinely under audit by many different tax authorities. we believe that our accrual for tax liabilities is adequate for all open audit years based on our assessment of many factors including past experience and interpretations of tax law. this assessment relies on estimates and assumptions and may involve a series of complex judgments about future events. it is possible that examinations will be settled prior to december 31, 2015. if any of these tax audit settlements do occur within that period we would make any necessary adjustments to the accrual for unrecognized tax benefits. until formal resolutions are reached between us and the tax authorities, the determination of a possible audit settlement range with respect to the impact on unrecognized tax benefits is not practicable.
on the basis of present information, it is our opinion that any assessments resulting from the current audits will not have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements.
we have determined that the undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries are permanently reinvested within those foreign operations. accordingly, we have not provided deferred income taxes on these indefinitely reinvested earnings. a future distribution by the foreign subsidiaries of these earnings could result in additional tax liability, which may be material to our future reported results, financial position and cash flows.
for the years ended december 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012, we made no material changes in our assumptions regarding the determination of the provision for income taxes. however, certain events could occur that would materially affect our estimates and assumptions regarding deferred taxes. changes in current tax laws and applicable enacted tax rates could affect the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, thereby impacting our income tax provision.
contingencies we are subject to a number of lawsuits and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. we recognize a liability for such contingencies when both (a) information available prior to issuance of the financial statements indicates that it is probable that a liability had been incurred at the date of the financial statements and (b) the amount of loss can reasonably be estimated. we continually assess the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes to our contingencies, as well as potential amounts or ranges of probable losses, and recognize a liability, if any, for these contingencies based on an analysis of each matter with the assistance of outside legal counsel and, if applicable, other experts. because many of these matters are resolved over long periods of time, our estimate of liabilities may change due to new developments, changes in assumptions or changes in our strategy related to the matter. when we accrue for loss contingencies and the reasonable estimate of the loss is within a range, we record its best estimate within the range. we disclose an estimated possible loss or a range of loss when it is at least reasonably possible that a loss may have been incurred.
redeemable noncontrolling interest the fair value component of the redeemable noncontrolling interest in s&p dj indices business is based on a combination of an income and market valuation approach. our income and market valuation approaches may incorporate level 3 measures for instances when observable inputs are not available, including assumptions related to expected future net cash flows, long-term growth rates, the timing and nature of tax attributes, and the redemption features.
recent accounting standards see note 1 - accounting policies, to the consolidated financial statements for a detailed description of recent accounting standards. we do not expect these recent accounting standards to have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity in future periods.