management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations management's discussion and analysis is the company's analysis of its financial performance and of significant trends that may affect future performance.
it should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes, and supplemental oil and gas disclosures included elsewhere in this report.
it contains forward-looking statements including, without limitation, statements relating to the company's plans, strategies, objectives, expectations and intentions that are made pursuant to the "safe harbor" provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of
the company does not undertake to update, revise or correct any of the forward-looking information unless required to do so under the federal securities laws.
readers are cautioned that such forward-looking statements should be read in conjunction with the company's disclosures under the heading: "cautionary statement for the purposes of the
'safe harbor' provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995,"
business environment and executiveoverview conocophillips is an independent e&p company with operations and activities in 17 countries.
at the end of the second quarter, geopolitical tensions in the middle east, threatening the safe passage of supertankers carrying crude oil through the persian gulf, revived oil prices.
worldwide economic growth concerns returned in the third quarter to depress prices, only to be reversed again by geopolitical tensions in the middle east, as oilfield infrastructure in saudi arabia was attacked, temporarily disrupting approximately five percent of the world's oil supply.
portfolio diversification and optimization, a strong balance sheet and disciplined capital investment have positioned our company to navigate through volatile energy cycles.
our value proposition principles, namely, to focus on financial returns, maintain a strong balance sheet, deliver compelling returns of capital, and expand cash flow through disciplined capital investments, are being executed in accordance with our priorities for allocating cash flows from the business.
these priorities are:
invest capital to sustain production and pay our existing dividend;
grow our existing dividend; maintain debt at a level we believe is sufficient to maintain a strong investment grade credit rating through price cycles; allocate greater than 30 percent of our net cash provided by operating activities to share repurchases and dividends;
and, invest capital in a disciplined fashion to grow our cash from operations.
we believe our commitment to our value proposition, as evidenced by the results discussed below, positions us for success in an environment of price uncertainty and ongoing volatility.
in 2019, we successfully delivered on our priorities.
we achieved production growth of five percent on a total boe basis compared with the prior year, with higher value oil volumes growing eight percent.
cash provided by operating activities of $11.1 billion exceeded capital expenditures and investments of $6.6 billion.
after repurchasing $3.5 billion of our common stock and paying $1.5 billion of dividends to shareholders, we ended the year with cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash totaling $5.4 billion and $3.0 billion of short-term investments.
in february 2020, we announced 2020 operating plan capital of $6.5 billion to $6.7 billion.
the plan includes funding for ongoing development drilling programs, major projects, exploration and appraisal activities, as well as base maintenance.
capital spend is expected to be higher in the first quarter largely from winter construction and exploration and appraisal drilling in alaska.
this guidance does not include capital for acquisitions.
key operating and financial summary significant items during 2019 included the following:
net cash provided by operating activities was $11.1 billion and exceeded capital expenditures and investments of $6.6 billion.
repurchased $3.5 billion of shares and paid $1.5 billion in dividends, representing 45 percent of net cash provided by operating activities.
underlying production, which excludes libya and the net volume impact from closed dispositions and acquisitions of 51 mboed in 2019 and 47 mboed in 2018, grew 5 percent
completed lower 48, alaska and argentina acquisitions;
awarded a 20-year extension of the indonesia corridor block psc, with new terms.
generated $3 billion in disposition proceeds; entered into agreements to sell australia-west assets for $1.4
billion, primarily due to closed and pending dispositions.
ended the year with cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash totaling $
discontinued exploration activities in the central louisiana austin chalk trend and recognized $197
operationally, we remain focused on safely executing our operating plan and maintaining capital and cost discipline.
production of 1,348 mboed increased 5 percent or 65 mboed in 2019 compared with 2018.
underlying production, which excludes libya and the net volume impact from closed dispositions and acquisitions of 51 mboed in
2019 and 47 mboed in 2018, is used to measure our ability to grow production organically.
on september 30, 2019, we completed the sale of two conocophillips u.k. subsidiaries to chrysaor e&p limited for proceeds of $2.2 billion after interest and customary adjustments.
billion before-tax and $2.1 billion after-tax gain associated with this transaction.
annualized average production associated with the u.k. assets sold was 50 mboed in 2019.
reserves associated with the u.k. assets sold were 84 mmboe at the time of disposition.
results of operations for the u.k. are reported within our europe and north africa segment.
no production or reserve impacts were associated with the sale.
in october 2019, we entered into an agreement to sell the subsidiaries that hold our australia-west assets and operations to santos for $1.39 billion, plus customary adjustments, with an effective date of january 1, 2019.
in addition, we will receive a payment of $75 million upon final investment decision of the barossa development project.
these subsidiaries hold our 37.5 percent interest in the barossa project and caldita field, our 56.9 percent interest in the darwin lng facility and bayu-undan field, our 40 percent interest in the greater poseidon fields, and our 50 percent interest in the athena field.
this transaction is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2020, subject to regulatory approvals and the satisfaction of other specific conditions precedent.
in 2019, production associated with the australia-west assets to be sold was 48
reserves associated with these assets were 17
percent interest in the australia pacific lng project and operatorship of that project's lng facility.
results of operations for the subsidiaries to be sold are reported within our asia pacific and middle east segment.
-end 2019 reserves associated with the niobrara assets to be sold were 14 mmboe.
this transaction is subject to regulatory approval and other conditions precedent and is expected to close in the first quarter of 2020.
the niobrara results of operations are reported within our lower 48 segment.
for more information regarding the accounting impacts of these transactions, see note 5-asset acquisitions and dispositions, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
the energy industry has periodically experienced this type of volatility due to fluctuating supply-and-demand conditions and such volatility may persist for the foreseeable future.
commodity prices are the most significant factor impacting our profitability and related reinvestment of operating cash flows into our business.
our strategy is to create value through price cycles by delivering on the foundational principles that underpin our value proposition;
operational and financial factors affecting profitability the focus areas we believe will drive our success through the price cycles include:
safety and environmental stewardship, including the operating integrity of our assets, remain our highest priorities, and we are committed to protecting the health and safety of everyone who has a role in our operations and the communities in which we operate.
we strive to conduct our business with respect and care for both the local and global environment and systematically manage risk to drive sustainable business growth.
demonstrating our commitment to sustainability and environmental stewardship, on november 2017, we announced our intention to target a 5 to 15 percent reduction in our ghg emission intensity by 2030.
in december 2018, we became a founding member of the climate leadership council (clc), an international policy institute founded in collaboration with business and
participation in the clc provides another opportunity for ongoing dialogue about carbon pricing and framing the issues in alignment with our public policy principles.
in early 2019, we issued our first stand-alone climate-related risk report and incorporated this into our website during our annual sustainability report update.
our sustainability efforts continued through 2019 with a focus on advancing our action plans for climate change, biodiversity, water and human rights.
we are committed to building a learning organization using human performance principles as we relentlessly pursue improved hse and operational performance.
this is a core principle of our value proposition.
our goal is to achieve strong financial returns by exercising capital discipline, controlling our costs, and continually optimizing our portfolio.
o maintain capital allocation discipline.
we participate in a commodity price-driven and capital-intensive industry, with varying lead times from when an investment decision is made to the time an asset is operational and generates cash flow.
as a result, we must invest significant capital dollars to explore for new oil and gas fields, develop newly discovered fields, maintain existing fields, and construct pipelines and lng facilities.
we allocate capital across a geographically diverse, low cost of supply resource base, which combined with legacy assets results in low production decline.
fully burdened includes capital infrastructure, foreign exchange, price related inflation and g&a.
in setting our capital plans, we exercise a rigorous approach that evaluates projects using this cost of supply criteria, which should lead to value maximization and cash flow expansion using an optimized investment pace, not production growth for growth's sake.
additional capital may be allocated toward growth, but discipline will be maintained.
our cash allocation priorities call for the investment of sufficient capital to sustain production and pay the existing dividend.
in february 2020, we announced 2020 operating plan capital of $6.5 billion to $6.7 billion.
the plan includes funding for ongoing development drilling programs, major projects, exploration and appraisal activities, as well as base maintenance.
capital spend is expected to be higher in the first quarter largely from winter construction and exploration and appraisal drilling in alaska.
this guidance does not include capital for acquisitions.
controlling operating and overhead costs, without compromising safety and environmental stewardship, is a high priority.
we monitor these costs using various methodologies that are reported to senior management monthly, on both an absolute-
dollar basis and a per-unit basis.
managing operating and overhead costs is critical to maintaining a competitive position in our industry, particularly in a low commodity price environment.
the ability to control our operating and overhead costs impacts our ability to deliver strong cash from operations.
in 2019, our production and operating expenses were two percent higher than 2018, primarily due to costs associated with higher production volumes, which grew five percent during the same period.
additions to the portfolio were made in the lower
48 with bolt-on interests and acreage acquisitions, in alaska with the nuna discovery acreage acquisition, and internationally with entrance into argentina's neuquén and austral basins.
we will continue to evaluate our assets to determine whether they compete for capital within our portfolio and will optimize the portfolio as necessary, directing capital towards the most competitive investments.
we believe balance sheet strength is critical in a cyclical business such as ours.
our strong operating performance buffered by a solid balance sheet enables us to deliver on our priorities through the price cycles.
our priorities include execution of our development plans, maintaining a growing dividend, and repurchasing shares on a dollar cost average basis.
combined, our dividend and repurchases represented 45 percent of our net cash provided by operating activities.
since we initiated our current share repurchase program in late 2016, we have repurchased $9.6
additionally, as of december 31, 2019, $5.4 billion of repurchase authority remained of the
whether we undertake these additional repurchases is ultimately subject to numerous considerations, including market conditions and other factors.
see risk factors "our ability to declare and pay dividends and repurchase shares is subject to certain considerations."
o successful exploration, exploitation and development of new and existing fields.
o purchases of increased interests in existing fields and bolt-on acquisitions.
approximately 50 percent of organic reserve additions were from lower 48 unconventional assets.
the remaining additions were evenly distributed across the other operating segments.
in the five years ended december 31, 2019, our reserve replacement was negative 34 percent, reflecting the impact of asset dispositions and lower prices during that period.
31, 2019, which excludes a decrease of 2.0 billion boe related to sales and purchases, was 40 percent, reflecting development activities as well as lower prices during that period.
historically, our reserve replacement has varied considerably year to year contingent upon the timing of major projects which may have long lead times between capital investment and production.
in the last several years, more of our capital has been allocated to short cycle time, onshore, unconventional plays.
in the three years ended december 31, 2019, our reserve replacement was 23 percent, reflecting the impact of asset dispositions during that period.
our organic reserve replacement during the three years ended december 31, 2019, which excludes a decrease of 1.8 billion boe related to sales and purchases, was 143 percent, reflecting reserve additions from development activities.
access to additional resources may become increasingly difficult as commodity prices can make projects uneconomic or unattractive.
in addition, prohibition of direct investment in some nations, national fiscal terms, political instability, competition from national oil companies, and lack of access to high-potential areas due to environmental or other regulation may negatively impact our ability to increase our reserve base.
apply technical capability.
technical strength is part of our heritage and allows us to economically convert additional resources to reserves, achieve greater operating efficiencies and reduce our environmental impact.
we have embraced the digital transformation and are using digital innovations to work and operate more efficiently.
we strive to attract, develop and retain individuals with the knowledge and skills to implement our business strategy and who support our values and ethics.
we offer university internships across multiple disciplines to attract the best early career talent.
we also recruit experienced hires to fill critical skills and maintain a broad range of expertise and experience.
other factors affecting profitability other significant factors that can affect our profitability include:
energy commodity prices.
our earnings and operating cash flows generally correlate with industry price levels for crude oil and natural gas.
industry price levels are subject to factors external to the company and over which we have no control, including but not limited to global economic health, supply disruptions or fears thereof caused by civil unrest or military conflicts, actions taken by opec, environmental laws, tax regulations, governmental policies and weather-related disruptions.
brent crude oil prices averaged $64.30 per barrel in 2019, a decrease of 9 percent compared with
ngl prices weakened year over year due to strong supply growth with only moderate demand growth.
our realized bitumen price increased 42 percent from $22.29 per barrel in 2018 to $31.72 per barrel in
curtailment orders imposed by the alberta government, which limited production from the province starting january 2019, provided strength to the wcs differential to wti at hardisty.
we continue to optimize bitumen price realizations through the utilization of downstream transportation solutions and implementation of alternate blend capability which results in lower diluent costs.
north america's energy supply landscape has been transformed from one of resource scarcity to one of abundance.
and long-term growth opportunities for our company, the increased abundance of crude oil and natural gas due to development of unconventional plays could also have adverse financial implications to us, including: an extended period of low commodity prices; production curtailments;
should one or more of these events occur, our revenues would be reduced, and additional asset impairments might be possible.
we participate in a capital-intensive industry.
at times, our pp&e and investments become impaired when, for example, commodity prices decline significantly for long periods of time, our reserve estimates are revised downward, or a decision to dispose of an asset leads to a write-down to its fair value.
as we optimize our assets in the future, it is reasonably possible we may incur future losses upon sale or impairment charges to long-lived assets used in operations, investments in nonconsolidated entities accounted for under the equity method, and unproved properties.
a sustained decline in the current and long-term outlook on gas price could affect the carrying value of certain lower 48 non-core gas assets and it is reasonably possible this could result in a future non-cash impairment.
for additional information on our impairments in 2019, 2018 and 2017, see note 9-impairments, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
our operations are in countries with different tax rates and fiscal structures.
accordingly, even in a stable commodity price and fiscal/regulatory environment, our overall effective tax rate can vary significantly between periods based on the "mix" of before-tax earnings within our global operations.
our operations can be affected by changing economic, regulatory and political environments in the various countries in which we operate, including the u.s.
civil unrest or strained relationships with governments may impact our operations or investments.
our management carefully considers the fiscal and regulatory environment when evaluating projects or determining the levels and locations of our activity.
corporate and other represents costs not directly associated with an operating segment, such as most interest expense, premiums incurred on the early retirement of debt, corporate overhead, certain technology activities, as well as licensing revenues.
our key performance indicators, shown in the statistical tables provided at the beginning of the operating segment sections that follow, reflect results from our operations, including commodity prices and production.
"management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item
a $2.1 billion after-tax gain associated with the completion of the sale of two conocophillips u.k.
subsidiaries to chrysaor e&p limited.
higher crude oil sales volumes due to growth in the lower 48 unconventionals and from the acquisition of incremental interests in operated assets in alaska during the second and fourth quarters of 2018.
a $164 million income tax benefit related to deepwater incentive tax credits recognized for malaysia block g.
million income tax benefit related to the revaluation of deferred tax assets following finalization of rules relating to the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act.
the absence of a $774 million after-tax gain on the clair disposition in the u.k.
lower equity in earnings of affiliates due to $120 million of impairments to equity method investments in our lower 48 segment and a $118 million reduction in equity earnings at qg3 in our asia pacific and middle east segment due to a deferred tax adjustment.
higher exploration expenses, primarily in our lower 48 segment due to $197 million after-tax of leasehold impairment and dry hole costs associated with our decision to discontinue exploration activities in the central louisiana austin chalk trend.
equity in earnings of affiliates decreased $295 million in 2019, primarily due to impairments of equity method investments in our lower 48 segment totaling
additionally, equity earnings decreased $118
for more information related to these items, see note 3-variable interest entities and note 5-asset acquisitions and dispositions, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
gain on dispositions increased $903 million in 2019, primarily due to a $1.7
billion before-tax gain associated with the completion of the sale of two conocophillips u.k. subsidiaries to chrysaor e&p limited.
for additional information related to these dispositions, see note 5-asset acquisitions and dispositions, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
purchased commodities decreased 17 percent in
$155 million in 2019, primarily due to higher costs associated with compensation and benefits, including mark to market impacts of certain key employee compensation programs, and increased facility costs.
$141 million before-tax leasehold impairment expense due to our decision to discontinue exploration activities in the central louisiana austin chalk trend and expensed $111 million of dry hole costs related to this play.
for additional information, see note 5-asset acquisitions and dispositions and note 9-impairments, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
see note 19-income taxes, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for information regarding our income tax provision (benefit) and effective tax rate.
bitumen (mbd)
dollars per unit average sales prices crude oil (per bbl)
bitumen (per bbl)
we explore for, produce, transport and market crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and ngls on a worldwide basis.
total production, including libya, of 1,348 mboed increased 65 mboed or 5 percent in 2019 compared with 2018, primarily due to:
(gka) of alaska following acquisitions closed in 2018.
higher production in norway due to drilling activity and the startup of aasta hansteen in december
disposition impacts from the u.k. and non-core asset sales in the lower 48.
2019 compared with 1,242 mboed in 2018, an increase of
underlying production, which excludes libya and the net volume impact from closed dispositions and acquisitions of 51 mboed in 2019 and 47 mboed in 2018, is used to measure our ability to grow production organically.
2019, compared with earnings of $1,814 million in 2018.
the decrease in earnings was mainly due to lower realized crude oil prices and higher production and operating and dd&a expenses associated with incremental volumes from acquisitions completed during 2018.
additionally, earnings were lower due to the absence of a $98 million tax valuation allowance reduction, the absence of a $79 million after-tax benefit resulting from an accrual reduction due to a transportation cost ruling by the ferc, and $62 million less in enhanced oil recovery credits.
partly offsetting these decreases in earnings, were higher crude oil sales volumes due to the gka and wns acquisitions completed in 2018.
average production increased 32 mboed in 2019 compared with 2018, primarily due to acquisitions at gka and wns in 2018, which provided an incremental
acquisition update in the third quarter of 2019, we completed the nuna discovery acreage acquisition for approximately
million, expanding the kuparuk river unit by
2019, compared with $1,747 million in 2018.
higher exploration expenses, primarily due to a combined $197 million after-tax of leasehold impairment and dry hole costs associated with our decision to discontinue exploration activities in the central louisiana austin chalk; and lower earnings in equity affiliates due to a combined $120 million after-tax of impairments associated with a fair value reduction of our investment in mwcc and the disposition of our interests in the golden pass lng terminal and golden pass pipeline.
for additional information related to our impairment of mwcc, see note 3-variable interest entities in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
for more information related to the sale of our interests in golden pass lng terminal and golden pass pipeline, see note 5-asset acquisitions and dispositions in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
total average production increased 54 mboed in 2019 compared with 2018.
additionally, production decreased by 10 mboed due to non-core dispositions in 2018.
asset dispositions update in january 2019, we entered into agreements to sell our 12.4 percent ownership interests in the golden pass lng terminal and golden pass pipeline.
we have also entered into agreements to amend our contractual obligations for retaining use of the facilities.
before-tax impairment of $60 million in the first quarter of 2019 which is included in the "equity in earnings of affiliates" line on our consolidated income statement.
see note 15-fair value measurement in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information.
this transaction is subject to regulatory approval and other conditions precedent and is expected to close in the first quarter of 2020.
the assets met the held for sale criteria in january
this disposition will not have a significant impact on lower 48 production.
for additional information on these transactions, see note 5-asset acquisitions and dispositions, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
bitumen (mbd)
equity affiliates
total bitumen
bitumen (dollars per bbl)*
equity affiliates
total bitumen
*average prices for sales of bitumen produced during 2018 and 2019 excludes additional value realized from the purchase and sale of third-
party volumes for optimization of our pipeline capacity between canada and the u.s. gulf coast.
our canadian operations consist of the surmont oil sands development in alberta and the liquids-rich montney unconventional play in british columbia.
canada operations reported earnings of $279 million in 2019 compared with $63 million in 2018.
earnings increased mainly due to higher realized bitumen prices, a $68 million tax benefit primarily comprised of a previously unrecognizable tax basis related to a tax settlement, lower dd&a expense due to lower rates from
reserve additions, lower production and operating expenses, and a $25 million tax benefit due to a four year phased four percent reduction in alberta's corporate income tax rate.
partly offsetting the increase in earnings were lower sales volumes due to a planned turnaround at surmont, lower production due to a mandated production curtailment imposed by the alberta government in january 2019, and the absence of an $80 million tax restructuring benefit.
total average production decreased 7 mboed in 2019 compared with 2018.
asset disposition on may 17, 2017, we completed the sale of our
50 percent nonoperated interest in the fccl partnership, as well as the majority of our western canada gas assets to cenovus energy.
during 2019 and 2018, we recorded after-tax gains on dispositions for these contingent payments of
see note 5-asset acquisitions and dispositions in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information.
earnings for europe and north africa operations of $2,724 million increased $858 million in 2019 compared with 2018.
the increase in earnings was primarily due to a $2.1 billion after-tax gain associated with the completion of the sale of two conocophillips u.k. subsidiaries to chrysaor e&p limited.
disposition to chrysaor completed september 30,
average production decreased 17 mboed in 2019, compared with 2018.
the decrease was mainly due to normal field decline and a 20 mboed disposition impact from the sale of our u.k. assets to chrysaor completed september 30, 2019.
asset disposition update on september 30, 2019, we completed the sale of two conocophillips u.k. subsidiaries to chrysaor e&p limited for proceeds of $2.2 billion after interest and customary adjustments.
billion before-tax and $2.1 billion after-tax gain associated with this transaction.
annualized average production associated with the u.k. assets sold was 50 mboed in 2019.
reserves associated with the u.k. assets sold were 84 mmboe at the time of disposition.
for additional information, see note 5-asset acquisitions and dispositions in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
equity affiliates
equity affiliates
equity affiliates
equity affiliates
equity affiliates
equity affiliates
asia pacific and middle east reported earnings of $1,929 million in 2019, compared with
lower lng and crude oil sales volumes; and lower equity in earnings of affiliates, primarily due to a deferred tax adjustment at qg3 that resulted in a $118 million reduction to equity earnings.
partly offsetting this decrease in earnings was a $164 million income tax benefit related to deepwater incentive tax credits from the malaysia block g and a $52 million after-tax gain on disposition of our interest in the greater sunrise fields.
average production increased 1 percent in 2019, compared with 2018.
asset dispositions update in the second quarter of 2019, we recognized an after-tax gain of $52 million upon completion of the sale of our
no production or reserve impacts were associated with the sale.
in october 2019, we entered into an agreement to sell the subsidiaries that hold our australia-west assets and operations to santos for $1.39 billion, plus customary adjustments, with an effective date of january 1, 2019.
in addition, we will receive a payment of $75 million upon final investment decision of the barossa development project.
these subsidiaries hold our 37.5 percent interest in the barossa project and caldita field, our 56.9
percent interest in the darwin lng facility and bayu-undan field, our 40 percent interest in the greater poseidon fields, and our 50 percent interest in the athena field.
this transaction is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2020, subject to regulatory approvals and the satisfaction of other specific conditions precedent.
in 2019, production associated with the australia-west assets to be sold was 48 mboed.
2019 reserves associated with these assets were
we will retain our 37.5 percent interest in the australia pacific lng project and operatorship of that project's lng facility.
see note 5-asset acquisitions and dispositions in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information related to these dispositions.
the other international segment includes exploration activities in colombia, chile and argentina and contingencies associated with prior operations.
other international operations reported earnings of $263 million in 2019, compared with earnings of $364
the decrease in earnings was primarily due to the recognition of $417 million after-tax in other income related to a settlement agreement with pdvsa in 2018, compared with $317 million after-tax associated with this settlement agreement in 2019.
$0.8 billion of the $2.0 billion settlement with pdvsa.
pdvsa has defaulted on its remaining payment obligations under this agreement, we are therefore now forced to incur additional costs as we seek to recover any unpaid amounts under the agreement.
for additional information, see note 13-contingencies and commitments in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
argentina in january 2019, we secured a 50 percent nonoperated interest in the el turbio este block, within the austral basin in southern argentina.
in 2019, we acquired and processed 3-d seismic covering 500 square miles, with evaluation of the data ongoing.
net interest consists of interest and financing expense, net of interest income and capitalized interest.
net interest decreased $76 million in 2019 compared with 2018, primarily due to lower capitalized interest on projects; increased interest income from holding higher cash balances; and lower interest on debt expense resultant from the retirement of $4.7 billion of debt in 2018; partly offset by the absence of an accrual reduction due to a transportation cost ruling by the ferc.
million in 2019 compared with 2018, primarily due to higher costs associated with compensation and benefits, including certain key employee compensation programs and higher facility costs.
activities are focused on both conventional and tight oil reservoirs, shale gas, heavy oil, oil sands, enhanced oil recovery and lng.
earnings from technology increased by $14 million in 2019 compared with
the category "other" includes certain foreign currency transaction gains and losses, environmental costs associated with sites no longer in operation, other costs not directly associated with an operating segment, premiums incurred on the early retirement of debt, unrealized holding gains or losses on equity securities, and pension settlement expense.
earnings in "other" increased by $1,776 million in 2019 compared with 2018, primarily due to an unrealized gain of $649 million after-tax on our cve common shares in
additionally, earnings increased due to the absence of $195 million in premiums on the early retirement of debt, lower pension settlement expense, and a $151 million tax benefit related to the revaluation of deferred tax assets following finalization of rules related to the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act.
see note 19-income taxes, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information related to the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act.
capital resources and liquidity financial indicators millions of dollars except as indicated
net cash provided by operating activities
total equity
percent of total debt to capital*
*capital includes total debt and total equity.
and long-term liquidity requirements, we look to a variety of funding sources, including cash generated from operating activities, proceeds from asset sales, our commercial paper and credit facility programs and our ability to sell securities using our shelf registration statement.
in 2019, the primary uses of our available cash were $6,636 million to support our ongoing capital expenditures and investments program;
we believe current cash balances and cash generated by operations, together with access to external sources of funds as described below in the "significant changes in capital" section, will be sufficient to meet our funding requirements in the near and long term, including our capital spending program, share repurchases, dividend payments and required debt payments.
our commitment to disciplined execution of these funding requirements includes cash investment strategies that position us for success in an environment of short-term price volatility as well as extended downturns in commodity prices.
the primary objectives of these cash investment strategies in priority order are to protect principal, maintain liquidity, and provide yield and total returns.
funds for short-term needs to support our operating plan and provide resiliency to react to short-term price volatility are invested in highly liquid instruments with maturities within the year.
funds we consider available to maintain resiliency in longer term price downturns and to capture opportunities outside a given operating plan may be invested in instruments with maturities greater than one year.
for additional information, see note 1-accounting policies and note
significant changes in capital operating activities during 2019, cash provided by operating activities was $11,104 million, a 14 percent decrease from 2018.
the decrease was primarily due to lower prices, lower collections related to settlements reached with ecuador and pdvsa, and a pension contribution made in conjunction with the sale of two u.k. subsidiaries, partially offset by higher volumes.
while the stability of our cash flows from operating activities benefits from geographic diversity, our short-
and long-term operating cash flows are highly dependent upon prices for crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and ngls.
prices and margins in our industry have historically been volatile and are driven by market conditions over which we have no control.
absent other mitigating factors, as these prices and margins fluctuate, we would expect a corresponding change in our operating cash flows.
royalty contracts; acquisition and disposition of fields;
political instability; weather-related disruptions; and the addition of proved reserves through exploratory success and their timely and cost-effective development.
while we actively manage these factors, production levels can cause variability in cash flows, although generally this variability has not been as significant as that caused by commodity prices.
approximately 51 percent of organic reserve additions are from lower 48, 13 percent from alaska,
percent, reflecting the impact of asset dispositions and lower prices during that period.
percent, reflecting development activities as well as lower prices during that period.
historically our reserve replacement has varied considerably year to year contingent upon the timing of major projects which may have long lead times between capital investment and production.
in the last several years, more of our capital has been allocated to short cycle time, onshore, unconventional plays.
in the three years ended december 31, 2019, our reserve replacement was 23 percent, reflecting the impact of asset dispositions during that period.
31, 2019, which excludes a decrease of 1.8 billion boe related to sales and purchases, was 143 percent, reflecting reserve additions from development activities.
reserve replacement represents the net change in proved reserves, net of production, divided by our current year production, as shown in our supplemental reserve table disclosures. for additional information about our
2020 capital budget, see the "2020 capital budget"
section within "capital resources and liquidity"
and for additional information on proved reserves, including both developed and undeveloped reserves, see the
as discussed in the "critical accounting estimates"
section, engineering estimates of proved reserves are imprecise; therefore, each year reserves may be revised upward or downward due to the impact of changes in commodity prices or as more technical data becomes available on reservoirs.
we have reported revisions as increases to reserves in the current period, however in prior periods, reported revisions as decreases to reserves. it is not possible to reliably predict how revisions will impact reserve quantities in the future.
investing activities proceeds from asset sales in 2019 were $3.0 billion.
subsidiaries to chrysaor e&p limited for $2.2
in addition, we will receive a payment of $75 million upon final investment decision of the barossa development project.
both transactions are subject to regulatory approval and other conditions precedent and expected to close in the first quarter of 2020.
investing activities in 2019 also included net purchases of $2.9 billion of investments in short-term and long-
term financial instruments. these investments include time deposits, commercial paper as well as debt securities classified as available for sale.
the investment in short-term instruments was $2.8 billion, the remaining $0.1 billion was invested in long-term debt securities.
for additional information, see note 14-
for additional information on our dispositions, see note 5-asset acquisitions and dispositions in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
commercial paper and credit facilities we have a revolving credit facility totaling $6.0 billion, expiring in may 2023.
our revolving credit facility may be used for direct bank borrowings, the issuance of letters of credit totaling up to $500 million, or as support for our commercial paper program.
the revolving credit facility is broadly syndicated among financial institutions and does not contain any material adverse change provisions or any covenants requiring maintenance of specified financial ratios or credit ratings.
the facility agreement contains a cross-default provision relating to the failure to pay principal or interest on other debt obligations of $200 million or more by conocophillips, or any of its consolidated subsidiaries.
credit facility borrowings may bear interest at a margin above rates offered by certain designated banks in the london interbank market or at a margin above the overnight federal funds rate or prime rates offered by certain designated banks in the u.s.
the agreement calls for commitment fees on available, but unused, amounts.
the agreement also contains early termination rights if our current directors or their approved successors cease to be a majority of the board of directors.
the revolving credit facility supports the conocophillips company $6.0 billion commercial paper program, which is primarily a funding source for short-term working capital needs.
commercial paper maturities are generally limited to 90 days.
we had no direct outstanding borrowings or letters of credit under the revolving credit facility at december 31, 2019 and december
since we had no commercial paper outstanding and had issued no letters of credit, we had access to
$6.0 billion in borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility at december 31, 2019.
fitch - "a" with a "stable"
outlook; moody's investors services - "a3" with a "stable" outlook; and standard & poor's - "a" with a stable outlook.
we do not have any ratings triggers on any of our corporate debt that would cause an automatic default, and thereby impact our access to liquidity, in the event of a downgrade of our credit rating.
if our credit rating were downgraded, it could increase the cost of corporate debt available to us and restrict our access to the commercial paper markets.
if our credit rating were to deteriorate to a level prohibiting us from accessing the commercial paper market, we would still be able to access funds under our revolving credit facility.
many of these contracts and instruments permit us to post either cash or letters
of credit as collateral.
at december 31, 2019 and 2018, we had direct bank letters of credit of $277 million and $323 million, respectively, which secured performance obligations related to various purchase commitments incident to the ordinary conduct of business.
in the event of credit ratings downgrades, we may be required to post additional letters of credit.
shelf registration we have a universal shelf registration statement on file with the sec under which we, as a well-known seasoned issuer, have the ability to issue and sell an indeterminate amount of various types of debt and equity securities.
off-balance sheet arrangements as part of our normal ongoing business operations and consistent with normal industry practice, we enter into numerous agreements with other parties to pursue business opportunities, which share costs and apportion risks among the parties as governed by the agreements.
capital requirements for information about our capital expenditures and investments, see the "capital expenditures"
in late 2016, we initiated our current share repurchase program.
whether we undertake these additional repurchases is ultimately subject to numerous considerations, market conditions and other factors.
see risk factors -"our ability to declare and pay dividends and repurchase shares is subject to certain considerations."
other long-term liabilities pension and postretirement benefit contributions (e)
unrecognized tax benefits (h)
debt, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information.
see note 17-non-mineral leases, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information.
see note 17-non-mineral leases, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information.
does not include purchase commitments for jointly owned fields and facilities where we are not the operator.
the majority of the purchase obligations are market-based contracts related to our commodity business.
product purchase commitments with third parties totaled $2,426 million.
purchase obligations of $5,111 million are related to agreements to access and utilize the capacity of third-party equipment and facilities, including pipelines and lng and product terminals, to transport, process, treat and store commodities.
the remainder is primarily our net share of purchase commitments for materials and services for jointly owned fields and facilities where we are the operator.
represents contributions to qualified and nonqualified pension and postretirement benefit plans for the years 2020 through 2024.
for additional information related to expected benefit payments subsequent to
2024, see note 18-employee benefit plans, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
represents estimated costs for accrued environmental expenditures presented on a discounted basis for costs acquired in various business combinations and an undiscounted basis for all other accrued environmental costs.
excludes unrecognized tax benefits of $1,095
million because the ultimate disposition and timing of any payments to be made with regard to such amounts are not reasonably estimable.
although unrecognized tax benefits are not a contractual obligation, they are presented in this table because they represent potential demands on our liquidity.
capital expenditures and investments millions of dollars
capital program
our capital expenditures and investments for the three-year period ended december 31,
the 2019 expenditures supported key exploration and developments, primarily:
development, appraisal and exploration activities in the lower 48, including eagle ford, permian unconventional, and bakken.
appraisal and development activities in alaska related to the western north slope; development activities in the greater kuparuk area and the greater prudhoe area; leasehold acquisition in the greater kuparuk area.
development activities across assets in norway, as well as for assets in the u.k. that recently have been sold.
optimization of oil sands development and appraisal activities in liquids-rich plays in canada.
2020 capital budget in february 2020, we announced 2020 operating plan capital of $6.5 billion to $6.7 billion.
the plan includes funding for ongoing development drilling programs, major projects, exploration and appraisal activities, as well as base maintenance.
capital spend is expected to be higher in the first quarter largely from winter construction and exploration and appraisal drilling in alaska.
this guidance does not include capital for acquisitions.
contingencies a number of lawsuits involving a variety of claims arising in the ordinary course of business have been filed against conocophillips.
we also may be required to remove or mitigate the effects on the environment of the placement, storage, disposal or release of certain chemical, mineral and petroleum substances at various active
and inactive sites.
we regularly assess the need for accounting recognition or disclosure of these contingencies.
liability when the loss is probable and the amount is reasonably estimable.
if a range of amounts can be reasonably estimated and no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other amount, then the minimum of the range is accrued.
we do not reduce these liabilities for potential insurance or third-party recoveries.
with respect to income tax-related contingencies, we use a cumulative probability-weighted loss accrual in cases where sustaining a tax position is less than certain.
based on currently available information, we believe it is remote that future costs related to known contingent liability exposures will exceed current accruals by an amount that would have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial statements.
"critical accounting estimates" and note 13-contingencies and commitments, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
legal and tax matters we are subject to various lawsuits and claims including but not limited to matters involving oil and gas royalty and severance tax payments, gas measurement and valuation methods, contract disputes, environmental damages, climate change, personal injury, and property damage.
our legal organization applies its knowledge, experience and professional judgment to the specific characteristics of our cases, employing a litigation management process to manage and monitor the legal proceedings against us.
our process facilitates the early evaluation and quantification of potential exposures in individual cases.
based on professional judgment and experience in using these litigation management tools and available information about current developments in all our cases, our legal organization regularly assesses the adequacy of current accruals and determines if adjustment of existing accruals, or establishment of new accruals, is required.
see note 19-income taxes, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information about income tax-related contingencies.
u.s. federal comprehensive environmental response, compensation and liability act
(cercla or superfund), which imposes liability on generators, transporters and arrangers of hazardous substances at sites where hazardous substance releases have occurred or are threatening to occur.
u.s. federal oil pollution act of 1990 (opa90), under which owners and operators of onshore facilities and pipelines, lessees or permittees of an area in which an offshore facility is located, and owners and operators of vessels are liable for removal costs and damages that result from a discharge of oil into navigable waters of the u.s.
u.s. federal emergency planning and community right-to-know act (epcra), which requires facilities to report toxic chemical inventories with local emergency planning committees and response departments.
waters and impose liability for the cost of pollution cleanup resulting from operations, as well as potential liability for pollution damages.
these laws and their implementing regulations set limits on emissions and, in the case of discharges to water, establish water quality limits and establish standards and impose obligations for the remediation of releases of hazardous substances and hazardous wastes.
they also, in most cases, require permits in association with new or modified operations.
these permits can require an applicant to collect substantial information in connection with the application process, which can be expensive and time consuming.
in addition, there can be delays associated with notice and comment periods and the agency's processing of the application.
many of the delays associated with the permitting process are beyond the control of the applicant.
many states and foreign countries where we operate also have, or are developing, similar environmental laws and regulations governing these same types of activities.
while similar, in some cases these regulations may impose additional, or more stringent, requirements that can add to the cost and difficulty of marketing or transporting products across state and international borders.
the ultimate financial impact arising from environmental laws and regulations is neither clearly known nor easily determinable as new standards, such as air emission standards and water quality standards, continue to evolve.
an example is the use of hydraulic fracturing, an essential completion technique that facilitates production of oil and natural gas otherwise trapped in lower permeability rock formations.
a range of local, state, federal or national laws and regulations currently govern hydraulic fracturing operations, with hydraulic fracturing currently prohibited in some jurisdictions.
although hydraulic fracturing has been conducted for many decades, a number of new laws, regulations and permitting requirements are under consideration by various state environmental agencies, and others which could result in increased costs, operating restrictions, operational delays and/or limit the ability to develop oil and natural gas resources.
governmental restrictions on hydraulic fracturing could impact the overall profitability or viability of certain of our oil and natural gas investments.
we also are subject to certain laws and regulations relating to environmental remediation obligations associated with current and past operations.
longer-term expenditures are subject to considerable uncertainty and may fluctuate significantly.
we occasionally receive requests for information or notices of potential liability from the epa and state environmental agencies alleging we are a potentially responsible party under cercla or an equivalent state statute.
on occasion, we also have been made a party to cost recovery litigation by those agencies or by private parties.
these requests, notices and lawsuits assert potential liability for remediation costs at various sites that typically are not owned by us, but allegedly contain wastes attributable to our past operations.
as of december 31, 2019, there were 15 sites around the u.s. in which we were identified as a potentially responsible party under cercla and comparable state laws.
for most superfund sites, our potential liability will be significantly less than the total site remediation costs because the percentage of waste attributable to us, versus that attributable to all other potentially responsible
although liability of those potentially responsible is generally joint and several for federal sites and frequently so for state sites, other potentially responsible parties at sites where we are a party typically have had the financial strength to meet their obligations, and where they have not, or where potentially responsible parties could not be located, our share of liability has not increased materially.
many of the sites at which we are potentially responsible are still under investigation by the epa or the state agencies concerned.
prior to actual cleanup, those potentially responsible normally assess site conditions, apportion responsibility and determine the appropriate remediation.
in some instances, we may have no liability or attain a settlement of liability.
there are relatively few sites where we are a major participant, and given the timing and amounts of anticipated expenditures, neither the cost of remediation at those sites nor such costs at all cercla sites, in the aggregate, is expected to have a material adverse effect on our competitive or financial condition.
capitalized environmental costs were $194 million in 2019 and are expected to be about
accrued liabilities for remediation activities are not reduced for potential recoveries from insurers or other third parties and are not discounted (except those assumed in a purchase business combination, which we do record on a discounted basis).
many of these liabilities result from cercla, rcra and similar state or international laws that require us to undertake certain investigative and remedial activities at sites where we conduct, or once conducted, operations or at sites where conocophillips-generated waste was disposed.
the accrual also includes a number of sites we identified that may require environmental remediation, but which are not currently the subject of cercla, rcra or other agency enforcement activities.
the laws that require or address environmental remediation may apply retroactively and regardless of fault, the legality of the original activities or the current ownership or control of sites.
remediation activities vary substantially in duration and cost from site to site, depending on the mix of unique site characteristics, evolving remediation technologies, diverse regulatory agencies and enforcement policies, and the presence or absence of potentially liable third parties.
therefore, it is difficult to develop reasonable estimates of future site remediation costs.
$171 million, compared with $178 million at december 31,
2018, for remediation activities in the u.s. and canada.
we expect to incur a substantial amount of these expenditures within the next 30 years.
notwithstanding any of the foregoing, and as with other companies engaged in similar businesses, environmental costs and liabilities are inherent concerns in our operations and products, and there can be no assurance that material costs and liabilities will not be incurred.
however, we currently do not expect any material adverse effect upon our results of operations or financial position as a result of compliance with current environmental laws and regulations.
climate change continuing political and social attention to the issue of global climate change has resulted in a broad range of proposed or promulgated state, national and international laws focusing on ghg reduction.
laws in this field continue to evolve, and while it is not possible to accurately estimate either a timetable for implementation or our future compliance costs relating to implementation, such laws, if enacted, could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
our cost of compliance with the eu ets in 2019
the alberta carbon competitiveness incentive regulation (ccir) requires any existing facility with emissions equal to or greater than 100,000 metric tonnes of carbon dioxide, or equivalent, per year to meet an industry benchmark intensity.
549 u.s. 497, 127 s.ct. 1438 (2007), confirmed that the epa has the authority to regulate carbon dioxide as an "air pollutant"
the u.s. epa's announcement on march 29, 2010 (published as "interpretation of regulations that determine pollutants covered by clean air act permitting programs," 75 fed. reg. 17004 (april
the u.s. epa's announcement on january 14, 2015, outlining a series of steps it plans to take to address methane and smog-forming volatile organic compound emissions from the oil and gas industry.
our cost of compliance with norwegian carbon tax legislation in 2019 was approximately $30 million (net share before-tax).
we also incur a carbon tax for emissions from fossil fuel combustion in our british columbia and alberta operations totaling just over $0.8 million (net share before-tax).
st conference of the parties to the united nations framework on climate change, setting out a new process for achieving global emission reductions.
while the u.s. announced its intention to withdraw from the paris agreement, there is no guarantee that the commitments made by the u.s. will not be implemented, in whole or in part, by u.s. state and local governments or by major corporations headquartered in the u.s.
in the u.s., some additional form of regulation may be forthcoming in the future at the federal and state levels with respect to ghg emissions.
such regulation could take any of several forms that may result in the creation of additional costs in the form of taxes, the restriction of output, investments of capital to maintain compliance with laws and regulations, or required acquisition or trading of emission allowances.
compliance with changes in laws and regulations that create a ghg tax, emission trading scheme or ghg reduction policies could significantly increase our costs, reduce demand for fossil energy derived products, impact the cost and availability of capital and increase our exposure to litigation.
the ultimate impact on our financial performance, either positive or negative, will depend on a number of factors, including but not limited to:
the price placed on ghg emissions (either by the market or through a tax).
the price and availability of offsets.
we have developed a company-wide climate change action plan with the goal of tracking mitigation activities for each climate-related risk included in the corporate sustainable development risk register.
scope 1 and scope 2 ghg emissions help us understand climate transition risk.
scope 2 emissions are ghg emissions from the generation of purchased electricity or steam that we consume.
our corporate authorization process requires all qualifying projects to run a ghg pricing sensitivity using a corporate price of $40 per tonne of carbon dioxide equivalent, plus annual inflation, for all scope 1 and scope
projects in jurisdictions with existing ghg pricing regimes must incorporate that existing ghg price and its forecast into their base case economics.
$40 per tonne of carbon dioxide equivalent sensitivity must also be run from 2024 onward.
the company does not use an estimated market cost of ghg emissions when assessing reserves in jurisdictions without existing ghg regulations.
in december 2018, we became a founding member of the clc, an international policy institute founded in collaboration with business and environmental interests to develop a carbon dividend plan.
participation in the clc provides another opportunity for ongoing dialogue about carbon pricing and framing the issues in alignment with our public policy principles.
in 2017 and 2018, cities, counties, and a state government in california, new york, washington, rhode island and maryland, as well as the pacific coast federation of fishermen's association, inc., have filed lawsuits against oil and gas companies, including conocophillips, seeking compensatory damages and equitable relief to abate alleged climate change impacts.
conocophillips is vigorously defending against these lawsuits.
the lawsuits brought by the cities of san francisco, oakland and new york have been dismissed by the district courts and appeals are pending.
lawsuits filed by other cities and counties in california and washington are currently stayed pending resolution of the appeals brought by the cities of san francisco and oakland to the u.s. court of appeals for the ninth circuit.
lawsuits filed in maryland and rhode island are proceeding in state court while rulings in those matters, on the issue of whether the matters should proceed in state or federal court, are on appeal to the u.s. court of appeals for the fourth circuit and first circuit, respectively.
several louisiana parishes and individual landowners have filed lawsuits against oil and gas companies, including conocophillips, seeking compensatory damages in connection with historical oil and gas operations in louisiana.
all parish lawsuits are stayed pending an appeal to the fifth circuit court of appeals on the issue of whether they will proceed in federal or state court.
conocophillips will vigorously defend against these lawsuits.
other we have deferred tax assets related to certain accrued liabilities, loss carryforwards and credit carryforwards.
based on our historical taxable income, our expectations for the future, and available tax-planning strategies, management expects the net deferred tax assets will be realized as offsets to reversing deferred tax liabilities.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with gaap requires management to select appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses.
certain of these accounting policies involve judgments and uncertainties to such an extent there is a reasonable likelihood materially different amounts would have been reported under different conditions, or if different assumptions had been used.
these critical accounting estimates are discussed with the audit and finance committee of the board of directors at least annually.
we believe the following discussions of critical accounting estimates, along with the discussion of deferred tax asset valuation allowances in this report, address all important accounting areas where the nature of accounting estimates or assumptions is material due to the levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change.
oil and gas accounting accounting for oil and gas exploratory activity is subject to special accounting rules unique to the oil and gas industry.
the acquisition of geological and geophysical seismic information, prior to the discovery of proved reserves, is expensed as incurred, similar to accounting for research and development costs.
however, leasehold acquisition costs and exploratory well costs are capitalized on the balance sheet pending determination of whether proved oil and gas reserves have been recognized.
property acquisition costs for individually significant leaseholds, management periodically assesses for impairment based on exploration and drilling efforts to date.
for relatively small individual leasehold acquisition costs, management exercises judgment and determines a percentage probability that the prospect ultimately will fail to find proved oil and gas reserves and pools that leasehold information with others in the geographic area.
for prospects in areas with limited, or no, previous exploratory drilling, the percentage probability of ultimate failure is normally judged to be quite high.
this judgmental percentage is multiplied by the leasehold acquisition cost, and that product is divided by the contractual period of the leasehold to determine a periodic leasehold impairment charge that is reported in exploration expense.
this judgmental probability percentage is reassessed and adjusted throughout the contractual period of the leasehold based on favorable or unfavorable exploratory activity on the leasehold or on adjacent leaseholds, and leasehold impairment amortization expense is adjusted prospectively.
at year-end 2019, the remaining $3.5 billion of net capitalized unproved property costs consisted primarily of individually significant leaseholds, mineral rights held in perpetuity by title ownership, exploratory wells currently being drilled, suspended exploratory wells, and capitalized interest.
$2.1 billion is concentrated in 10 major development areas, the majority of which are not expected to move to proved properties in 2020, and $0.6 billion is held for sale.
exploratory costs for exploratory wells, drilling costs are temporarily capitalized, or "suspended," on the balance sheet, pending a determination of whether potentially economic oil and gas reserves have been discovered by the drilling effort to justify development.
if exploratory wells encounter potentially economic quantities of oil and gas, the well costs remain capitalized on the balance sheet as long as sufficient progress assessing the reserves and the economic and operating viability of the project is being made.
the accounting notion of "sufficient progress" is a judgmental area, but the accounting rules do prohibit continued capitalization of suspended well costs on the expectation future market conditions will improve or new technologies will be found that would make the development economically profitable.
often, the ability to move into the development phase and record proved reserves is dependent on obtaining permits and government or co-venturer approvals, the timing of which is ultimately beyond our control.
exploratory well costs remain suspended as long as we are actively pursuing such approvals and permits, and believe they will be obtained.
once all required approvals and permits have been obtained, the projects are moved into the development phase, and the oil and gas reserves are designated as proved reserves.
for complex exploratory discoveries, it is not unusual to have exploratory wells remain suspended on the balance sheet for several years while we perform additional appraisal drilling and seismic work on the potential oil and gas field or while we seek government or co-venturer approval of development plans or seek environmental permitting.
once a determination is made the well did not encounter potentially economic oil and gas quantities, the well costs are expensed as a dry hole and reported in exploration expense.
management reviews suspended well balances quarterly, continuously monitors the results of the additional appraisal drilling and seismic work, and expenses the suspended well costs as a dry hole when it determines the potential field does not warrant further investment in the near term.
criteria utilized in making this determination include evaluation of the reservoir characteristics and hydrocarbon properties, expected development costs, ability to apply existing technology to produce the reserves, fiscal terms, regulations or contract negotiations, and our expected return on investment.
at year-end 2019, total suspended well costs were $1,020 million, compared with $856 million at year-end
for additional information on suspended wells, including an aging analysis, see note 8-suspended wells and other exploration expenses, in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
proved reserves engineering estimates of the quantities of proved reserves are inherently imprecise and represent only approximate amounts because of the judgments involved in developing such information.
reserve estimates are based on geological and engineering assessments of in-place hydrocarbon volumes, the production plan, historical extraction recovery and processing yield factors, installed plant operating capacity and approved operating limits.
the reliability of these estimates at any point in time depends on both the quality and quantity of the technical and economic data and the efficiency of extracting and processing the hydrocarbons.
despite the inherent imprecision in these engineering estimates, accounting rules require disclosure of
there are several authoritative guidelines regarding the engineering criteria that must be met before estimated reserves can be designated as "proved."
our geosciences and reservoir engineering organization has policies and procedures in place consistent with these authoritative guidelines.
we have trained and experienced internal engineering personnel who estimate our proved reserves held by consolidated companies, as well as our share of equity affiliates.
also, as required by current authoritative guidelines, the estimated future date when an asset will be permanently shut down for economic reasons is based on 12-month average prices and current costs.
our proved reserves include estimated quantities related to pscs, reported under the "economic interest"
method, as well as variable-royalty regimes, and are subject to fluctuations in commodity prices; recoverable operating expenses; and capital costs.
if costs remain stable, reserve quantities attributable to recovery of costs will change inversely to changes in commodity prices.
the estimation of proved developed reserves also is important to the income statement because the proved developed reserve estimate for a field serves as the denominator in the unit-of-production calculation of the dd&a of the capitalized costs for that asset.
at year-end 2019, the net book value of productive pp&e subject to a unit-of-production calculation was approximately $35 billion and the dd&a recorded on these assets in 2019 was approximately $5.8 billion.
if the estimates of proved reserves used in the unit-of-production calculations had been lower by 10 percent across all calculations, before-tax dd&a in 2019
if there is an indication the carrying amount of an asset may not be recovered, the asset is monitored by management through an established process where changes to significant assumptions such as prices, volumes and future development plans are reviewed.
if, upon review, the sum of the undiscounted before-tax cash flows is less than the carrying value of the asset group, the carrying value is written down to estimated fair value.
because there usually is a lack of quoted market prices for long-lived assets, the fair value of impaired assets is typically determined based on the present values of expected future cash flows using discount rates believed to be consistent with those used by principal market participants, or based on a multiple of operating cash flow validated with historical market transactions of similar assets where possible.
the expected future cash flows used for impairment reviews and related fair value calculations are based on judgmental assessments of future production volumes, commodity prices, operating costs and capital decisions, considering all available information at the date of review.
see note 9-impairments, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information.
investments in nonconsolidated entities accounted for under the equity method are reviewed for impairment when there is evidence of a loss in value and annually following updates to corporate planning assumptions.
such evidence of a loss in value might include our inability to recover the carrying amount, the lack of sustained earnings capacity which would justify the current investment amount, or a current fair value less than the investment's carrying amount.
when it is determined such a loss in value is other than temporary, an impairment charge is recognized for the difference between the investment's carrying value and its estimated fair value.
when determining whether a decline in value is other than temporary, management considers factors such as the length of time and extent of the decline, the investee's financial condition and near-term prospects, and our ability and intention to retain our investment for a period that will be sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in the market value of the investment.
since quoted market prices are usually not available, the fair value is typically based on the present value of expected future cash flows using discount rates believed to be consistent with those used by principal market participants, plus market analysis of comparable assets owned by the investee, if appropriate.
see the "aplng" section of note 6-investments, loans and long-term receivables, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional
asset retirement obligations and environmental costs under various contracts, permits and regulations, we have material legal obligations to remove tangible equipment and restore the land or seabed at the end of operations at operational sites.
our largest asset removal obligations involve plugging and abandonment of wells, removal and disposal of offshore oil and gas platforms around the world, as well as oil and gas production facilities and pipelines in alaska.
the fair values of obligations for dismantling and removing these facilities are recorded as a liability and an increase to pp&e at the time of installation of the asset based on estimated discounted costs.
most of these removal obligations are many years, or decades, in the future and the contracts and regulations often have vague descriptions of what removal practices and criteria must be met when the removal event actually occurs.
asset removal technologies and costs, regulatory and other compliance considerations, expenditure timing, and other inputs into valuation of the obligation, including discount and inflation rates, are also subject to change.
in addition to asset removal obligations, under the above or similar contracts, permits and regulations, we have certain environmental-related projects.
these are primarily related to remediation activities required by canada and various states within the u.s. at exploration and production sites.
future environmental remediation costs are difficult to estimate because they are subject to change due to such factors as the uncertain magnitude of cleanup costs, the unknown time and extent of such remedial actions that may be required, and the determination of our liability in proportion to that of other responsible parties.
10-asset retirement obligations and accrued environmental costs, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information.
projected benefit obligations determination of the projected benefit obligations for our defined benefit pension and postretirement plans are important to the recorded amounts for such obligations on the balance sheet and to the amount of benefit expense in the income statement.
the actuarial determination of projected benefit obligations and company contribution requirements involves judgment about uncertain future events, including estimated retirement dates, salary levels at retirement, mortality rates, lump-sum election rates, rates of return on plan assets, future health care cost-trend rates, and rates of utilization of health care services by retirees.
due to the specialized nature of these calculations, we engage outside actuarial firms to assist in the determination of these projected benefit obligations and company contribution requirements.
for employee retirement income security act-
ultimately, we will be required to fund all vested benefits under pension and postretirement benefit plans not funded by plan assets or investment returns, but the judgmental assumptions used in the actuarial calculations significantly affect periodic financial statements and funding patterns over time.
projected benefit obligations are particularly sensitive to the discount rate assumption.
100 basis-point decrease in the discount rate assumption would increase projected benefit obligations by
benefit expense is sensitive to the discount rate and return on plan assets assumptions.
100 basis-point decrease in the discount rate assumption would increase annual benefit expense by
$100 million, while a 100 basis-point decrease in the return on plan assets assumption would increase annual benefit expense by $60 million.
in determining the discount rate, we use yields on high-quality fixed income investments matched to the estimated benefit cash flows of our plans.
we are also exposed to the possibility
that lump sum retirement benefits taken from pension plans during the year could exceed the total of service and interest components of annual pension expense and trigger accelerated recognition of a portion of unrecognized net actuarial losses and gains.
these benefit payments are based on decisions by plan participants and are therefore difficult to predict.
in the event there is a significant reduction in the expected years of future service of present employees or the elimination of the accrual of defined benefits for some or all of their future services for a significant number of employees, we could recognize a curtailment gain or loss.
see note 18-employee benefit plans, in the notes to consolidated financial statements, for additional information.
contingencies a number of claims and lawsuits are made against the company arising in the ordinary course of business.
management exercises judgment related to accounting and disclosure of these claims which includes losses, damages, and underpayments associated with environmental remediation, tax, contracts, and other legal disputes.
as we learn new facts concerning contingencies, we reassess our position both with respect to amounts recognized and disclosed considering changes to the probability of additional losses and potential exposure.
however, actual losses can and do vary from estimates for a variety of reasons including legal, arbitration, or other third-party decisions; settlement discussions; evaluation of scope of damages;
expected timing of future actions; and proportion of liability shared with other responsible parties.
estimated future costs related to contingencies are subject to change as events evolve and as additional information becomes available during the administrative and litigation processes.
for additional information on contingent liabilities, see the "contingencies" section within "capital resources and liquidity" and note 13-contingencies and commitments.
provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995
this report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of
1933 and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934.
all statements other than statements of historical fact included or incorporated by reference in this report, including, without limitation, statements regarding our future financial position, business strategy, budgets, projected revenues, projected costs and plans, and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements.
examples of forward-looking statements contained in this report include our expected production growth and outlook on the business environment generally, our expected capital budget and capital expenditures, and discussions concerning future dividends.
we caution you these statements are not guarantees of future performance as they involve assumptions that, while made in good faith, may prove to be incorrect, and involve risks and uncertainties we cannot predict.
in addition, we based many of these forward-
any differences could result from a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, the following:
fluctuations in crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and ngls prices, including a prolonged decline in these prices relative to historical or future expected levels.
the impact of significant declines in prices for crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and ngls, which may result in recognition of impairment costs on our long-lived assets, leaseholds and nonconsolidated equity investments.
reductions in reserves replacement rates, whether as a result of the significant declines in commodity prices or otherwise.
unsuccessful exploratory drilling activities or the inability to obtain access to exploratory acreage.
unexpected changes in costs or technical requirements for constructing, modifying or operating e&p facilities.
legislative and regulatory initiatives addressing environmental concerns, including initiatives addressing the impact of global climate change or further regulating hydraulic fracturing, methane emissions, flaring or water disposal.
lack of, or disruptions in, adequate and reliable transportation for our crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and ngls.
inability to timely obtain or maintain permits, including those necessary for construction, drilling and/or development, or inability to make capital expenditures required to maintain compliance with any necessary permits or applicable laws or regulations.
failure to complete definitive agreements and feasibility studies for, and to complete construction of, announced and future exploration and production and lng development in a timely manner
potential disruption or interruption of our operations due to accidents, extraordinary weather events, civil unrest, political events, war, global health epidemics, terrorism, cyber attacks, and information technology failures, constraints or disruptions.
changes in international monetary conditions and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
changes in international trade relationships, including the imposition of trade restrictions or tariffs relating to crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng, ngls and any materials or products (such as aluminum and steel) used in the operation of our business.
liability for remedial actions, including removal and reclamation obligations, under existing or future environmental regulations and litigation.
significant operational or investment changes imposed by existing or future environmental statutes and regulations, including international agreements and national or regional legislation and regulatory measures to limit or reduce ghg emissions.
liability resulting from litigation or our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations.
general domestic and international economic and political developments, including armed hostilities;
expropriation of assets; changes in governmental policies relating to crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, lng and ngls pricing, regulation or taxation;
the impact of and uncertainty surrounding the u.k.'s decision to withdraw from the eu; and other political, economic or diplomatic developments.
volatility in the commodity futures markets.
competition and consolidation in the oil and gas e&p industry.
any limitations on our access to capital or increase in our cost of capital, including as a result of illiquidity or uncertainty in domestic or international financial markets.
our inability to execute, or delays in the completion, of any asset dispositions or acquisitions we elect to pursue.
potential failure to obtain, or delays in obtaining, any necessary regulatory approvals for asset dispositions or acquisitions, or that such approvals may require modification to the terms of the transactions or the operation of our remaining business.
potential disruption of our operations as a result of asset dispositions or acquisitions, including the diversion of management time and attention.
our inability to deploy the net proceeds from any asset dispositions we undertake in the manner and timeframe we currently anticipate, if at all.
our inability to liquidate the common stock issued to us by cenovus energy as part of our sale of certain assets in western canada at prices we deem acceptable, or at all.
the ability of our customers and other contractual counterparties to satisfy their obligations to us, including our ability to collect payments when due from the government of venezuela or pdvsa.
our inability to realize anticipated cost savings and expenditure reductions.
the factors generally described in item 1a-risk factors in this 2019 annual report on form 10-k and any additional risks described in our other filings with the sec.
│  item 7a.                                                                                                       │
quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk