item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. the following discussion contains "forward-looking statements" that reflect our future plans, estimates, beliefs, and expected performance. actual results and the timing of events may differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors. see item 1a. "risk factors" and "cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements."
overview we operate in two business segments: (i) the upstream segment, which is engaged in the acquisition, development, exploration and exploitation of unconventional, onshore oil and natural gas reserves in the permian basin in west texas and (ii) through our subsidiary, rattler, the midstream operations segment, which is focused on ownership, operation, development and acquisition of the midstream infrastructure assets in the midland and delaware basins of the permian basin.
upstream operations in our upstream segment, our activities are primarily directed at the horizontal development of the wolfcamp and spraberry formations in the midland basin and the wolfcamp and bone spring formations in the delaware basin. we intend to continue to develop our reserves and increase production through development drilling and exploitation and exploration activities on our multi-year inventory of identified potential drilling locations and through acquisitions that meet our strategic and financial objectives, targeting oil-weighted reserves.
in addition, our publicly traded subsidiary viper owns mineral interests underlying approximately 814,224 gross acres and 24,304 net royalty acres in the permian basin and eagle ford shale. approximately 50% of these net royalty acres are operated by us. we own viper's general partner and, together with one of our subsidiaries, approximately 58% of the limited partner interest in viper, represented by common units and class b units. we, as the holder of the class b units in viper and viper's general partner, as the holder of the general partner interest, are entitled to receive cash preferred distributions equal to 8% per annum on the outstanding amount of their respective capital contributions payable quarterly.
midstream operations in our midstream operations segment, rattler's crude oil infrastructure assets consist of gathering pipelines and metering facilities, which collectively gather crude oil for its customers. rattler's facilities gather crude oil from horizontal and vertical wells in our reward, spanish trail, pecos and fivestones areas within the permian basin. rattler's natural gas gathering and compression system consists of gathering pipelines, compression and metering facilities, which collectively service the production from our pecos area assets within the permian basin. rattler's water sourcing and distribution assets consists of water wells, frac pits, pipelines and water treatment facilities, which collectively gather and distribute water from permian basin aquifers to the drilling and completion sites through buried pipelines and temporary surface pipelines. rattler's gathering and disposal system spans approximately 474 miles and consists of gathering pipelines along with produced water disposal, or pwd, wells and facilities which collectively gather and dispose of produced water from operations throughout our permian basin acreage.
we have entered into multiple fee-based commercial agreements with rattler, each with an initial term ending in 2034, utilizing rattler's infrastructure assets or its planned infrastructure assets to provide an array of essential services critical to our upstream operations in the delaware and midland basins. our agreements with rattler include substantial acreage dedications.
2019 transactions and recent developments rattler midstream lp rattler is a publicly traded delaware limited partnership, the common units of which are listed on the nasdaq global select market under the symbol "rtlr". rattler was formed by us in july 2018 to own, operate, develop and acquire midstream infrastructure assets in the midland and delaware basins of the permian basin. rattler midstream gp llc, or rattler's general partner, a wholly-owned subsidiary of us, serves as the general partner of rattler. as of december 31, 2019, we owned approximately 71% of rattler's total units outstanding.
in may 2019, rattler completed its initial public offering, which we refer to as the rattler offering. prior to the completion of the rattler offering, we owned all of the general and limited partner interests in rattler. the rattler offering consisted of an aggregate of 43,700,000 common units representing approximately 29% of the limited partner interests in rattler at a price to the public of $17.50 per common unit, which included 5,700,000 common units issued pursuant to an option to purchase additional common units granted to the underwriters on the same terms which closed on may 30, 2019. rattler received net proceeds of approximately $720 million from the sale of these common units, after deducting offering expenses and underwriting discounts and commissions.
in connection with the completion of the rattler offering, rattler (i) issued 107,815,152 class b units representing an aggregate 71% voting limited partner interest in rattler in exchange for a $1 million cash contribution from us, (ii) issued a general partner interest in rattler to rattler's general partner, in exchange for a $1 million cash contribution from rattler's general partner, and (iii) caused rattler llc to make a distribution of approximately $727 million to us. we, as the beneficial holder of the class b units, and rattler's general partner, as the holder of the general partner interest, are entitled to receive cash preferred distributions equal to 8% per annum on the outstanding amount of their respective $1 million capital contributions, payable quarterly.
stock repurchase program in may 2019, our board of directors approved a stock repurchase program to acquire up to $2 billion of our outstanding common stock through december 31, 2020. this repurchase program is another component of our capital return program that includes the quarterly dividend discussed above. we anticipate that the repurchase program will be funded primarily by free cash flow generated from operations and liquidity events such as the sale of assets. purchases under the repurchase program may be made from time to time in open market or privately negotiated transactions, and are subject to market conditions, applicable legal requirements, contractual obligations and other factors. the repurchase program does not require us to acquire any specific number of shares. this repurchase program may be suspended from time to time, modified, extended or discontinued by the board of directors at any time. during the year ended december 31, 2019, we repurchased approximately $598 million of common stock under our repurchase program. as of december 31, 2019, $1.4 billion remains available for use to repurchase shares under our common stock repurchase program.
divestiture of certain conventional and non-core assets acquired from energen on may 23, 2019, we completed our divestiture of 6,589 net acres of certain non-core permian assets, which we acquired in the energen merger, for an aggregate sale price of $37 million. this divestiture did not result in a gain or loss because it did not have a significant effect on our reserve base or depreciation, depletion and amortization rate.
on july 1, 2019, we completed our divestiture of 103,750 net acres of certain conventional and non-core permian assets, which we acquired in the energen merger, for an aggregate sale price of $285 million. this divestiture did not result in a gain or loss because it did not have a significant effect on our reserve base or depreciation, depletion and amortization rate.
viper's equity offering on march 1, 2019, viper completed an underwritten public offering of 10,925,000 common units, which included 1,425,000 common units issued pursuant to an option to purchase additional common units granted to the underwriters. following this offering, we owned approximately 54% of viper's total units then outstanding. viper received net proceeds from this offering of approximately $341 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses. viper used the net proceeds to purchase units of viper llc. viper llc in turn used the net proceeds to repay a portion of the outstanding borrowings under its revolving credit facility and finance acquisitions during the period.
drop-down on october 1, 2019, we completed a transaction to divest certain mineral and royalty interests to viper for 18.3 million of viper's newly-issued class b units, 18.3 million newly-issued units of viper llc with a fair value of $497 million and $190 million in cash, after giving effect to closing adjustments for net title benefits, which we refer to as the drop-down. the mineral and royalty interests divested in the drop-down represent approximately 5,490 net royalty acres across the midland and delaware basins, of which over 95% are operated by us, and have an average net royalty interest of approximately 3.2%.
increase in the borrowing base under viper llc's revolving credit facility in connection with viper llc's fall redetermination in november 2019, the borrowing base under viper llc's revolving credit facility was increased from $725 million to $775 million.
viper's notes offering on october 16, 2019, viper completed an offering, which we refer to as the viper notes offering, of $500 million in aggregate principal amount of its 5.375% senior notes due 2027, which we refer to as the viper notes. viper received net proceeds of approximately $490 million from the viper notes offering. viper loaned the gross proceeds to viper llc. viper llc used the proceeds from the viper notes offering to pay down borrowings under its revolving credit facility.
december 2019 notes offering on december 5, 2019, we issued $1.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of 2.875% senior notes due 2024, which we refer to as the 2024 notes, $800 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.250% senior notes due 2026, which we refer to as the 2026 notes, and $1.2 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.500% senior notes due 2029, which we refer to as the 2029 notes and, together with the 2024 notes and the 2026 notes, the december 2019 notes. the 2024 notes will mature on december 1, 2024, the 2026 notes will mature on december 1, 2026 and the 2029 notes will mature on december 1, 2029. interest will accrue and be payable semi-annually, in arrears on june 1 and december 1 of each year, commencing on june 1, 2020. the december 2019 notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by diamondback o&g llc.
on december 20, 2019, we redeemed all of our then outstanding 4.750% senior notes due 2024, which we refer to as the 4.750% senior notes, with a portion of our net proceeds from the issuance of the december 2019 notes.
operational update our development program is focused entirely within the permian basin, where we continue to focus on long-lateral multi-well pad development. our horizontal development consists of multiple targeted intervals, primarily within the wolfcamp and spraberry formations in the midland basin and the wolfcamp and bone springs formations in the delaware basin.
in the midland basin, we continued to have positive results across our core development areas located within midland, martin, howard, glasscock and andrews counties, where development has primarily focused on drilling long-lateral, multi-well pads targeting the spraberry and wolfcamp formations.
in the delaware basin, we have now drilled and completed a significant number of wells in pecos, reeves and ward counties targeting the wolfcamp a, which we believe has been de-risked across a significant portion of our total acreage position and remains our primary development target. in 2020, we expect to focus development on these areas.
we continue to focus on low cost operations and best in class execution. to combat potential fluctuation in service costs, we have looked to lock in pricing for dedicated activity levels and will continue to seek opportunities to control additional well cost where possible. our 2020 drilling and completion budget accounts for capital costs that we believe cover potential increases in our service costs during the year.
in 2020, we remain focused on navigating our industry challenges by staying disciplined, improving our industry-leading cost structure, growing production, increasing environmental transparency and returning more cash to our stockholders as evidenced by our quarterly dividend increase beginning with the fourth quarter of 2019.
2020 capital budget we have currently budgeted a 2020 total capital spend of $2.8 billion to $3.0 billion, consisting of $2.45 billion to $2.6 billion for horizontal drilling and completions including non-operated activity, $200 million to $225 million for midstream investments, excluding joint venture investments, and $150 million to $175 million for infrastructure and other expenditures, excluding the cost of any leasehold and mineral interest acquisitions. we expect to drill and complete 320 to 360 gross horizontal wells in 2020. should commodity prices weaken further or remain weak for an extended period of time, we intend to act responsibly and, consistent with our prior practices, reduce capital spending. if commodity prices strengthen, we intend to grow oil production within our 2020 budget and return cash to our stockholders or pay down indebtedness.
reserves and pricing ryder scott prepared estimates of our proved reserves at december 31, 2019 and 2018 (which include estimated proved reserves attributable to viper). the prices used to estimate proved reserves for all periods did not give effect to derivative transactions, were held constant throughout the life of the properties and have been adjusted for quality, transportation fees, geographical differentials, marketing bonuses or deductions and other factors affecting the price received at the wellhead.
unweighted arithmetic average first-day-of-the-month prices
in our midstream operations segment, our results are primarily driven by: the volumes of crude oil that rattler gathers, transports and delivers; natural gas that rattler gathers, compresses, transports and delivers; water that rattler sources, transports and delivers; and produced water that rattler gathers, transports and disposes of, and the fees rattler charges per unit of throughput for our midstream services.
commodity prices since our production, in our exploration and production business, consists primarily of oil, our revenues are more sensitive to fluctuations in oil prices than they are to fluctuations in natural gas or natural gas liquids prices. viper, as the owner of mineral interests, is also indirectly exposed to fluctuations in commodity prices. oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids prices have historically been volatile. lower commodity prices may not only decrease our revenues, but also potentially the amount of oil and natural gas that we can produce economically. lower oil and natural gas prices may also result in a reduction in the borrowing base under our credit agreement, which may be redetermined at the discretion of our lenders.
in our midstream operations business, we have indirect exposure to commodity price risk in that persistent low commodity prices may cause us or rattler's other customers to delay drilling or shut in production, which would reduce the volumes available for gathering and processing by our infrastructure assets. if we or rattler's other customers delay drilling or temporarily shut in production due to persistently low commodity prices or for any other reason, our revenue in the midstream operations segment could decrease, as rattler's commercial agreements do not contain minimum volume commitments.
the following table sets forth information related to commodity prices for the following periods:
principal components of our cost structure lease operating expenses. these are daily costs incurred to bring oil and natural gas out of the ground and to the market, together with the daily costs incurred to maintain our producing properties. such costs also include maintenance, repairs and workover expenses related to our oil and natural gas properties.
production and ad valorem taxes. production taxes are paid on produced oil and natural gas based on a percentage of revenues from products sold at fixed rates established by federal, state or local taxing authorities. where available, we benefit from tax credits and exemptions in our various taxing jurisdictions. we are also subject to ad valorem taxes in the counties where our production is located. ad valorem taxes are generally based on the valuation of our oil and gas properties.
general and administrative expenses. these are costs incurred for overhead, including payroll and benefits for our corporate staff, costs of maintaining our headquarters, costs of managing our production and development operations, franchise taxes, audit and other fees for professional services and legal compliance.
midstream services expense. these are costs incurred to operate and maintain our oil and natural gas gathering and transportation systems, natural gas lift, compression infrastructure and water transportation facilities.
depreciation, depletion and amortization. under the full cost accounting method, we capitalize costs within a cost center and then systematically expense those costs on a units of production basis based on proved oil and natural gas reserve quantities. we calculate depletion on the following types of costs: (i) all capitalized costs, other than the cost of investments in unproved properties and major development projects for which proved reserves cannot yet be assigned, less accumulated amortization; (ii) the estimated future expenditures to be incurred in developing proved reserves; and (iii) the estimated dismantlement and abandonment costs, net of estimated salvage values. depreciation of other property and equipment is computed using the straight line method over their estimated useful lives, which range from three to fifteen years.
interest income (expense). we have financed a portion of our working capital requirements, capital expenditures and acquisitions with borrowings under our revolving credit facility and our net proceeds from the issuance of the senior notes. we incur interest expense that is affected by both fluctuations in interest rates and our financing decisions. this amount reflects interest paid to our lender plus the amortization of deferred financing costs (including origination and amendment fees), commitment fees and annual agency fees net of interest received on our cash and cash equivalents.
gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net. we utilize commodity derivative financial instruments to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in the price of crude oil. this amount represents (i) the recognition of the change in the fair value of open non-hedge derivative contracts as commodity prices change and commodity derivative contracts expire or new ones are entered into, and (ii) our gains and losses on the settlement of these commodity derivative instruments.
deferred tax assets (liabilities). we use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences of (1) temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of existing assets and liabilities and (2) operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. deferred income tax assets and liabilities are based on enacted tax rates applicable to the future period when those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. the effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period the rate change is enacted. a valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
results of operations for a discussion of the results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2018 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2017 refer to part ii, item 7. management's discussion and analysis in our 2018 form 10-k, which was filed with the sec on february 25, 2019, which discussion is incorporated in this report by reference from such prior report on form 10-k. the following table sets forth selected historical operating data for the periods indicated:
(1)   hedged prices reflect the effect of our commodity derivative transactions on our average sales prices. our calculation of such effects include realized gains and losses on cash settlements for commodity derivatives, which we do not designate for hedge accounting.
oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas revenues. our oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas revenues increased by approximately $1.8 billion, or 82%, to $3.9 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019 from $2.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2018. our revenues are a function of oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas production volumes sold and average sales prices received for those volumes. average daily production sold increased by 152,533 boe/d to 282,972 boe/d during the year ended december 31, 2019 from 130,439 boe/d during the year ended december 31, 2018. the total increase in revenue of approximately $1.8 billion is attributable to higher oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas production volumes, partially offset by lower average sales prices for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018. the increase in production volumes were due to a combination of increased drilling activity and growth through acquisitions. our
our midstream services revenue represents fees charged to our joint interest owners and third parties for the transportation of oil and natural gas along with water gathering and related disposal facilities. these assets complement our operations in areas where we have significant production.
lease operating expenses for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018 increased by $285 million, or $0.43 per boe. in both cases, lease operating expenses increased primarily due to increased power generation costs as a result of reduced electrical availability as well as increased production and the higher cost of the central basin platform assets which were divested during 2019. we are actively working to mitigate this issue and expect these costs to decrease in the future.
in general, production taxes and ad valorem taxes are directly related to commodity price changes; however, texas ad valorem taxes are based upon prior year commodity prices, among other factors, whereas production taxes are based upon current year commodity prices. production taxes for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018 increased by $80 million due to increased overall production from acquisitions and well completions. production taxes per boe for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018 decreased by $0.40 primarily due to a higher percentage increase in production volumes as compared to production taxes. ad valorem taxes for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018 increased by $35 million due to the addition of acquired and completed wells from the latter half of 2019.
midstream services expense represents costs incurred to operate and maintain our oil and natural gas gathering and transportation systems, natural gas lift, compression infrastructure and water transportation facilities. midstream services expense for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018, increased by $19 million primarily due to increased volume and build out of the rattler systems.
general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018 increased by $39 million primarily due to an increase in salaries and benefits as a result of increased head count.
net interest expense for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018, increased by $85 million. this increase was primarily due to increased average borrowings under our credit facility partially offset by a lower interest rate during the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2018 as well as an increase in interest expense of $2 million related to our drillco agreement.
we are required to recognize all derivative instruments on the balance sheet as either assets or liabilities measured at fair value. we have not designated our derivative instruments as hedges for accounting purposes. as a result, we mark our derivative instruments to fair value and recognize the cash and non-cash changes in fair value on derivative instruments in our consolidated statements of operations under the line item captioned "gain (loss) on derivative instruments, net."
the change in our income tax provision was primarily due to the decrease in pre-tax income for the year ended december 31, 2019 and the change in the deferred income tax benefit resulting from estimated deferred taxes recognized as a result of viper's change in tax status for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018.
liquidity and capital resources historically, our primary sources of liquidity have been proceeds from our public equity offerings, borrowings under our revolving credit facility, proceeds from the issuance of the senior notes and cash flows from operations. our primary use of capital has been for the acquisition, development and exploration of oil and natural gas properties. as we pursue reserves and production growth, we regularly consider which capital resources, including equity and debt financings, are available to meet our future financial obligations, planned capital expenditure activities and liquidity requirements. our future ability to grow proved reserves and production will be highly dependent on the capital resources available to us.
liquidity and cash flow our cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 are presented below:
net cash provided by operating activities      $2,734                  $1,565
net cash used in investing activities          (3,888     )            (3,503     )
net cash provided by financing activities       1,062                   2,041
operating activities net cash provided by operating activities was $2.7 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019 as compared to $1.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2018. the increase in operating cash flows is primarily the result of an increase in our oil and natural gas revenues due to an increase in production during the year ended december 31, 2019, partially offset by lower average sales prices.
our operating cash flow is sensitive to many variables, the most significant of which is the volatility of prices for the oil and natural gas we produce. prices for these commodities are determined primarily by prevailing market conditions. regional
and worldwide economic activity, weather and other substantially variable factors influence market conditions for these products. these factors are beyond our control and are difficult to predict. see "-sources of our revenue" and item 1a. "risk factors" above.
investing activities the purchase and development of oil and natural gas properties accounted for the majority of our cash outlays for investing activities. we used cash for investing activities of $3.9 billion and $3.5 billion during the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
during the year ended december 31, 2019, we spent (a) $2.7 billion on capital expenditures in conjunction with our drilling program, in which we drilled 330 gross (296 net) horizontal wells and completed 317 gross (289 net) operated horizontal wells, (b) $244 million on additions to midstream assets, (c) $333 million for the acquisition of mineral interests, (d) $443 million on leasehold acquisitions, (e) $5 million for the purchase of other property and equipment, (f) $1 million on investment in real estate and (g) $485 million on equity method investments.
during the year ended december 31, 2018, we spent (a) $1.5 billion on capital expenditures in conjunction with our drilling program, in which we drilled 189 gross (168 net) horizontal wells and completed 176 gross (155 net) operated horizontal wells, (b) $204 million on additions to midstream assets, (c) $440 million for the acquisition of mineral interests, (d) $1.4 billion on leasehold acquisitions, (e) $7 million for the purchase of other property and equipment and (f) $111 million on investment in real estate.
our investing activities for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 are summarized in the following table:
additions to midstream assets                         (244     )              (204     )
acquisition of leasehold interests                    (443     )            (1,371     )
acquisition of mineral interests                      (333     )              (440     )
equity investments                                    (485     )                 -
net cash used in investing activities              $(3,888     )           $(3,503     )
financing activities references in this section to "us, "we" or "our" shall mean diamondback energy, inc. and diamondback o&g llc, collectively, unless otherwise specified.
net cash provided by financing activities for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018 was $1.1 billion and $2.0 billion, respectively.
during the year ended december 31, 2019, the amount provided by financing activities was primarily attributable to $341 million in net proceeds from viper's public offering completed on march 1, 2019, $720 million in net proceeds from the rattler offering, $39 million in proceeds from joint ventures and $2.2 billion in proceeds from the december 2019 notes, net of repayments, partially offset by $1.4 billion of repayments, net of borrowings under our credit facility, $44 million of premium on debt extinguishment, $122 million of distributions to non-controlling interest, $13 million of share repurchases for tax withholdings, $593 million of share repurchases as part of our stock repurchase program and $112 million of dividends to stockholders.
during the year ended december 31, 2018, the amount provided by financing activities was primarily attributable to the issuance of $1.1 billion of new senior notes, $1.4 billion of borrowings, net of repayments under our credit facility, $559 million of repayments under energen's credit facility and an aggregate of $305 million of net proceeds from viper's public offerings, partially offset by $98 million of distributions to non-controlling interest and $37 million of dividends to stockholders.
4.750% senior notes on october 28, 2016, we issued $500.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.750% senior notes due 2024 under an indenture among us, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and wells fargo, as the trustee. on september 25, 2018, we issued $750 million aggregate principal amount of new 4.750% senior notes as additional notes under, and subject to the terms of the same indenture governing the 4.750% senior notes. we received approximately $741 million in net proceeds, after deducting the initial purchasers' discount and our estimated offering expenses, but disregarding accrued interest, from the issuance of the 4.750% senior notes. we used a portion of the net proceeds from the issuance of the 4.750% senior notes to repay a portion of the outstanding borrowings our revolving credit facility and the balance for general corporate purposes, including funding a portion of the cash consideration for the acquisition of certain assets from ajax resources llc.
on december 20, 2019, we redeemed all of the outstanding 4.750% senior notes, which we refer to as the redemption date. the redemption payment, which we refer to the redemption payment, included $1.25 billion of outstanding principal at a redemption price of 103.563% of the principal amount of the 4.750% senior notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest on the outstanding principal amount to the redemption date. on december 5, 2019, the indenture governing the 4.750% senior notes was fully satisfied and discharged and the guarantors were released from their guarantees of the 4.750% senior notes. the 4.750% senior notes, which bore interest at 4.750% per year, were scheduled to mature on november 1, 2024. on the redemption date, the redemption price will be paid to the holders of the 4.750% senior notes. we funded the redemption payment with a portion of our net proceeds from the issuance of the december 2019 notes.
the 4.750% senior notes, bore interest at a rate of 4.750% per annum, payable semi-annually, in arrears on may 1 and november 1 of each year, commencing on may 1, 2017, and would have matured on november 1, 2024. all of our restricted subsidiaries that guaranteed our revolving credit facility guaranteed the 4.750% senior notes; provided, however, that the 4.750% senior notes were not guaranteed by viper, viper's general partner, viper llc, rattler, rattler's general partner or rattler llc.
2025 senior notes on december 20, 2016, we issued $500.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.375% senior notes due 2025, which we refer to as the exiting 2025 notes, under an indenture among us, the subsidiary guarantors party thereto and wells fargo, as the trustee, which we refer to as the 2025 indenture. on january 29, 2018, we issued $300.0 million aggregate principal amount of new 5.375% senior notes due 2025 as additional notes under the 2025 indenture, which we refer to as the new 2025 notes and, together with the existing 2025 notes, as the 2025 senior notes. we received approximately $308.4 million in net proceeds, after deducting the initial purchaser's discount and our estimated offering expenses, but disregarding accrued interest, from the issuance of the new 2025 notes. we used the net proceeds from the issuance of the new 2025 notes to repay a portion of the outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility.
the 2025 senior notes bear interest at a rate of 5.375% per annum, payable semi-annually, in arrears on may 31 and november 30 of each year and will mature on may 31, 2025. all of our existing and future restricted subsidiaries that guarantee our revolving credit facility guarantee the 2025 senior notes. currently, the 2025 senior notes are not guaranteed by any of our subsidiaries other than diamondback o&g llc and will not be guaranteed by any of our future unrestricted subsidiaries.
for additional information regarding the 2025 senior notes, see note 10-debt included in notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this form 10-k.
december 2019 notes offering on december 5, 2019, we issued $1.0 billion in aggregate principal amount of 2.875% senior notes due 2024, $800 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.250% senior notes due 2026 and $1.2 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.500% senior notes due 2029. the 2024 notes will mature on december 1, 2024, the 2026 notes will mature on december 1, 2026 and the 2029 notes will mature on december 1, 2029. interest will accrue and be payable semi-annually, in arrears on june 1 and december 1 of each year, commencing on june 1, 2020. the december 2019 notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by diamondback o&g llc and are not guaranteed by any of our other subsidiaries.
the december 2019 notes were issued under an indenture, dated as of december 5, 2019, among us and wells fargo bank, as the trustee, as supplemented by the first supplemental indenture dated as of december 5, 2019, which we refer to as the december 2019 notes indenture. the december 2019 notes indenture contains certain covenants that, subject to certain exceptions and qualifications, among other things, limit our ability and the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to incur liens
securing funded indebtedness and on our ability to consolidate, merge or sell, convey, transfer or lease all or substantially all of our assets.
for additional information regarding the december 2019 notes, see note 10-debt included in notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this form 10-k.
second amended and restated credit facility we and diamondback o&g llc, as borrower, entered into the second amended and restated credit agreement, dated november 1, 2013, as amended, with a syndicate of banks, including wells fargo, as administrative agent, and its affiliate wells fargo securities, llc, as sole book runner and lead arranger. on june 28, 2019, the credit agreement was amended pursuant to an eleventh amendment, which implemented certain changes to the credit facility for the period on and after the date on which our unsecured debt achieves an investment grade rating from two rating agencies and certain other conditions in the credit agreement are satisfied (the "investment grade changeover date"). at december 31, 2019, the maximum credit amount available under the credit agreement is $2.0 billion. as of december 31, 2019, we had approximately $13 million of outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility and $1.99 billion available for future borrowings under our revolving credit facility.
diamondback o&g llc is the borrower under the credit agreement, and as of december 31, 2019, the credit agreement is guaranteed by diamondback energy, inc. none of our other subsidiaries are guarantors under our revolving credit facility. on december 5, 2019, diamondback o&g llc delivered a letter notifying the administrative agent under the credit agreement that as of such date, each of the guarantors, other than diamondback energy, inc., ceased to be a guarantor under the credit agreement.
the outstanding borrowings under the credit agreement bear interest at a per annum rate elected by us that is equal to an alternate base rate (which is equal to the greatest of the prime rate, the federal funds effective rate plus 0.50% and 3-month libor plus 1.0%) or libor, in each case plus the applicable margin. the applicable margin ranges from 0.125% to 1.0% per annum and from 1.125% to 2.0% per annum in the case of libor, in each case, depending on the pricing level, which in turn depends on the rating agencies' rating of our unsecured debt. we are obligated to pay a quarterly commitment fee ranging from 0.125% to 0.350% per year on the unused portion of the commitment, based on the pricing level, which in turn depends on the rating agencies' rating of our unsecured debt.
loan principal may be optionally prepaid from time to time without premium or penalty (other than customary libor breakage). loan principal is required to be repaid (a) to the extent the loan amount exceeds the commitment due to any termination or reduction of the aggregate maximum credit amount and (b) at the maturity date of november 1, 2022.
the credit agreement contains a financial covenant that requires us to maintain a total net debt to capitalization ratio (as defined in the credit agreement) of no more than 65%. our non-guarantor restricted subsidiaries may incur debt for borrowed money in an aggregate principal amount up to 15% of consolidated net tangible assets (as defined in the credit agreement) and we and our restricted subsidiaries may incur liens if the aggregate amount of debt secured by such liens does not exceed 15% of consolidated net tangible assets.
as of december 31, 2019, we were in compliance with all financial covenants under our revolving credit facility, as then in effect. the lenders may accelerate all of the indebtedness under our revolving credit facility upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any event of default. the credit agreement contains customary events of default, including non-payment, breach of covenants, materially incorrect representations, cross-default, bankruptcy and change of control.
energen notes at the effective time of the merger, energen became our wholly owned subsidiary and remained the issuer of an aggregate principal amount of $530 million in notes, which we refer to as the energen notes, issued under an indenture dated september 1, 1996 with the bank of new york as trustee, which we refer to as the energen indenture. as of december 31, 2019, the energen notes consist of: (a) $399 million aggregate principal amount of 4.625% senior notes due on september 1, 2021, (2) $108 million of 7.125% notes due on february 15, 2028, (3) $21 million of 7.32% notes due on july 28, 2022, and (4) $11 million of 7.35% notes due on july 28, 2027.
the energen notes are the senior unsecured obligations of energen and, post-merger, energen, as our wholly owned subsidiary, continues to be the sole issuer and obligor under the energen notes. the energen notes rank equally in right of payment with all other senior unsecured indebtedness of energen if any, and are effectively subordinated to energen's senior secured indebtedness, if any, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such indebtedness. neither we nor any of our subsidiaries guarantee the energen notes.
for additional information regarding the energen notes, see note 10-debt included in notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this form 10-k.
viper's facility-wells fargo bank on july 20, 2018, viper llc, as borrower, entered into an amended and restated credit agreement with viper, as guarantor, wells fargo, as administrative agent, and the other lenders. the credit agreement, as amended, which we refer to as the viper credit agreement, provides for a revolving credit facility in the maximum credit amount of $2 billion and a borrowing base based on viper llc's oil and natural gas reserves and other factors (the "borrowing base") of $775 million, subject to scheduled semi-annual and other elective borrowing base redeterminations. the borrowing base is scheduled to be re-determined semi-annually with effective dates of may 1st and november 1st. in addition, viper llc and wells fargo each may request up to three interim redeterminations of the borrowing base during any 12-month period. in connection with viper's fall redetermination in november 2019, the borrowing base under the viper credit agreement was increased to $775 million. as of december 31, 2019, the borrowing base was $775 million, and viper llc had $97 million of outstanding borrowings and $678 million available for future borrowings under the viper credit agreement. neither we nor any of our other subsidiaries guarantee the viper credit agreement.
the outstanding borrowings under the viper credit agreement bear interest at a per annum rate elected by viper llc that is equal to an alternate base rate (which is equal to the greatest of the prime rate, the federal funds effective rate plus 0.5% and 3-month libor plus 1.0%) or libor, in each case plus the applicable margin. the applicable margin ranges from 0.75% to 1.75% per annum in the case of the alternate base rate and from 1.75% to 2.75% per annum in the case of libor, in each case depending on the amount of loans and letters of credit outstanding in relation to the commitment, which is defined as the lesser of the maximum credit amount and the borrowing base. viper llc is obligated to pay a quarterly commitment fee ranging from 0.375% to 0.500% per year on the unused portion of the commitment, which fee is also dependent on the amount of loans and letters of credit outstanding in relation to the commitment. loan principal may be optionally prepaid from time to time without premium or penalty (other than customary libor breakage), and is required to be repaid (i) to the extent the loan amount exceeds the commitment or the borrowing base, whether due to a borrowing base redetermination or otherwise (in some cases subject to a cure period), (ii) in an amount equal to the net cash proceeds from the sale of property when a borrowing base deficiency or event of default exists under the credit agreement and (iii) at the maturity date of november 1, 2022. the loan is secured by substantially all of the assets of viper and viper llc.
the viper credit agreement contains various affirmative, negative and financial maintenance covenants. these covenants, among other things, limit additional indebtedness, purchases of margin stock, additional liens, sales of assets, mergers and consolidations, dividends and distributions, transactions with affiliates and entering into certain swap agreements and require the maintenance of the financial ratios described below.
financial covenant                                                                 required ratio ratio of total net debt to ebitdax, as defined in the viper credit agreement       not greater than 4.0 to 1.0
ratio of current assets to liabilities, as defined in the viper credit agreement   not less than 1.0 to 1.0
the covenant prohibiting additional indebtedness allows for the issuance of unsecured debt of up to $1.0 billion in the form of senior unsecured notes and, in connection with any such issuance, the reduction of the borrowing base by 25% of the stated principal amount of each such issuance. the covenant limiting dividends and distributions includes an exception allowing viper llc to make distributions if no default, event of default or borrowing base deficiency exists.
as of december 31, 2019, viper and viper llc were in compliance with all financial covenants under the viper credit agreement, as then in effect. the lenders may accelerate all of the indebtedness under the viper credit agreement upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any event of default. the viper credit agreement contains customary events of default, including non-payment, breach of covenants, materially incorrect representations, cross-default, bankruptcy and change of control.
viper's notes on october 16, 2019, viper completed an offering in which it issued its 5.375% senior notes due 2027 in aggregate principal amount of $500 million. viper received gross proceeds of $500 million from the such offering, which it loaned to viper llc. viper llc paid the expenses of the offering, resulting in net proceeds of the offering of $490 million, which viper llc used to pay down borrowings under the viper credit agreement.
viper llc guarantees the viper notes pursuant to the viper indenture. neither we nor any of our other subsidiaries guarantee the viper notes.
the viper indenture contains certain covenants that, subject to certain exceptions and qualifications, among other things, limit viper's ability and the ability of its restricted subsidiaries to incur or guarantee additional indebtedness or issue certain redeemable or preferred equity, make certain investments, declare or pay dividends or make distributions on equity interests or redeem, repurchase or retire equity interests or subordinated indebtedness, transfer or sell assets, agree to payment restrictions affecting its restricted subsidiaries, consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets, enter into transactions with affiliates, incur liens and designate certain of its subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries. these covenants are subject to numerous exceptions, some of which are material. certain of these covenants are subject to termination upon the occurrence of certain events.
rattler's credit agreement in connection with the rattler offering, rattler, as parent, and rattler llc, as borrower, entered into a credit agreement, dated may 28, 2019, with wells fargo bank, as administrative agent, and a syndicate of banks, as lenders party thereto, which we refer to as the rattler credit agreement.
the rattler credit agreement provides for a revolving credit facility in the maximum credit amount of $600 million. loan principal may be optionally prepaid from time to time without premium or penalty (other than customary libor breakage), and is required to be prepaid at the maturity date of may 28, 2024. the rattler credit agreement is guaranteed by rattler, tall city, rattler omog llc and rattler ajax processing llc and is secured by substantially all of the assets of rattler llc, rattler, tall city, rattler omog llc and rattler ajax processing llc. as of december 31, 2019, rattler llc had $424 million of outstanding borrowings and $176 million available for future borrowings under the rattler credit agreement.
the outstanding borrowings under the rattler credit agreement bear interest at a per annum rate elected by rattler llc that is based on the prime rate or libor, in each case plus an applicable margin. the applicable margin ranges from 0.250% to 1.250% per annum for prime-based loans and 1.250% to 2.250% per annum for libor loans, in each case depending on the consolidated total leverage ratio (as defined in the rattler credit agreement). rattler llc is obligated to pay a quarterly commitment fee ranging from 0.250% to 0.375% per annum on the unused portion of the commitment, which fee is also dependent on the consolidated total leverage ratio.
the rattler credit agreement contains various affirmative and negative covenants. these covenants, among other things, limit additional indebtedness, additional liens, sales of assets, mergers and consolidations, distributions and other restricted payments, transactions with affiliates, and entering into certain swap agreements, in each case of rattler, rattler llc and their restricted subsidiaries. the covenants are subject to exceptions set forth in the rattler credit agreement, including an exception allowing rattler llc or rattler to issue unsecured debt securities and an exception allowing payment of distributions if no default or events of default exists.
the rattler credit agreement also contains financial maintenance covenants that require the maintenance of the financial ratios described below:
financial covenant                                                                                                                                                                              required ratio consolidated total leverage ratio                                                                                                                                                               not greater than 5.00 to 1.00 (or not greater than 5.50 to 1.00 for 3 fiscal quarters following certain acquisitions), but if the consolidated senior secured leverage ratio (as defined in the rattler credit agreement) is applicable, then not greater than 5.25 to 1.00)
consolidated senior secured leverage ratio commencing with the last day of any fiscal quarter in which the financial covenant election (as defined in the rattler credit agreement) is made     not greater than 3.50 to 1.00
consolidated interest coverage ratio (as defined in the rattler credit agreement)                                                                                                               not less than 2.50 to 1.00
for purposes of calculating the financial maintenance covenants prior to the fiscal quarter ending june 30, 2020, ebitda (as defined in the rattler credit agreement) will be annualized based on the actual ebitda for the preceding fiscal quarters starting with the fiscal quarter ending september 30, 2019.
as of december 31, 2019, rattler and rattler llc were in compliance with all financial covenants under the rattler credit agreement. the lenders may accelerate all of the indebtedness under the rattler credit agreement upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any event of default. the rattler credit agreement contains customary events of default, including non-payment, breach of covenants, materially incorrect representations, cross-default, bankruptcy and change in control.
capital requirements and sources of liquidity our board of directors approved a 2020 capital budget for drilling, midstream and infrastructure of $2.8 billion to $3.0 billion, representing an increase of 1% over our 2019 capital budget. we estimate that, of these expenditures, approximately:
   $2.45 billion to $2.6 billion will be spent on drilling and completing 320 to 360 gross (288 to 324 net) horizontal wells across our operated leasehold acreage in the northern midland and southern delaware basins, with an average lateral length of approximately 9,700 feet;
   $150 million to $175 million will be spent on infrastructure and other expenditures, excluding the cost of any leasehold and mineral interest acquisitions.
during the year ended december 31, 2019, our aggregate capital expenditures for drilling and infrastructure were $2.7 billion. we do not have a specific acquisition budget since the timing and size of acquisitions cannot be accurately forecasted. during the year ended december 31, 2019, we spent approximately $443 million in cash on acquisitions of leasehold interests and mineral acres.
in may 2019, our board of directors approved a stock repurchase program to acquire up to $2 billion of our outstanding common stock through december 31, 2020. we repurchased approximately $598 million of our common stock under this program during the year ended december 31, 2019, with approximately $1.4 billion remaining available for future repurchases under this program. we intend to continue to purchase shares under the repurchase program opportunistically with available funds primarily from cash flow from operations and liquidity events such as the sale of assets while maintaining sufficient liquidity to fund our capital expenditure programs.
the amount and timing of our capital expenditures are largely discretionary and within our control. we could choose to defer a portion of these planned capital expenditures depending on a variety of factors, including but not limited to the success of our drilling activities, prevailing and anticipated prices for oil and natural gas, the availability of necessary equipment, infrastructure and capital, the receipt and timing of required regulatory permits and approvals, seasonal conditions, drilling and acquisition costs and the level of participation by other interest owners. we are currently operating 23 drilling rigs including two rigs drilling produced water disposal wells and nine completion crews. we will continue monitoring commodity prices and overall market conditions and can adjust our rig cadence up or down in response to changes in commodity prices and overall market conditions.
based upon current oil and natural gas prices and production expectations for 2020, we believe that our cash flow from operations, cash on hand and borrowings under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund our operations through year-end 2020. however, future cash flows are subject to a number of variables, including the level of oil and natural gas production and prices, and significant additional capital expenditures will be required to more fully develop our properties. further, our 2020 capital expenditure budget does not allocate any funds for leasehold interest and property acquisitions.
we monitor and adjust our projected capital expenditures in response to the results of our drilling activities, changes in prices, availability of financing, drilling and acquisition costs, industry conditions, the timing of regulatory approvals, the availability of rigs, contractual obligations, internally generated cash flow and other factors both within and outside our control. if we require additional capital, we may seek such capital through traditional reserve base borrowings, joint venture partnerships, production payment financing, asset sales, offerings of debt and or equity securities or other means. we cannot assure you that the needed capital will be available on acceptable terms or at all. if we are unable to obtain funds when needed or on acceptable terms, we may be required to curtail our drilling programs, which could result in a loss of acreage through lease expirations. in addition, we may not be able to complete acquisitions that may be favorable to us or finance the capital expenditures necessary to replace our reserves. if there is a decline in commodity prices, our revenues, cash flows, results of operations, liquidity and reserves may be materially and adversely affected.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our contractual obligations and commitments as of december 31, 2019:
secured revolving credit facility(1)                                  $-                      $13             $-                    $-                          $13
commitment fees related to the secured revolving credit facility(2)   2                         5             -                     -                             7
viper's secured revolving credit facility(1)                          -                        97             -                     -                            97
commitment fees under viper's credit agreement(4)                                                             -                     -                             7
rattler's secured revolving credit facility(1)                        -                         -                   424             -                           424
commitment fees under rattler's credit agreement(5)                   -                         1                                   -
drilling commitments(7)                                               15                        -             -                     -                            15
(1)   includes the outstanding principal amount under the revolving credit facilities, the table does not include interest expense or other fees payable under this floating rate facility as we cannot predict the timing of future borrowings and repayments or interest rates to be charged.
(2)   includes only the minimum amount of commitment fees due which, as of december 31, 2019, includes a commitment fee equal to 0.125% per year of the unused portion of the borrowing base of the company's credit agreement.
(4)   includes only the minimum amount of commitment fees due which, as of december 31, 2019, includes a commitment fee equal to 0.375% per year of the unused portion of the borrowing base of viper's credit agreement.
(5)   includes only the minimum amount of commitment fees due which, as of december 31, 2019, includes a commitment fee equal to 0.250% per year of the unused portion of the borrowing base of rattler's credit agreement.
(6)   amounts represent our estimates of future asset retirement obligations. because these costs typically extend many years into the future, estimating these future costs requires management to make estimates and judgments that are subject to future revisions based upon numerous factors, including the rate of inflation, changing technology and the political and regulatory environment. see note 8-asset retirement obligations of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this form 10-k.
(7)   drilling commitments represent future minimum expenditure commitments for drilling rig services under contracts to which the company was a party on december 31, 2019.
(8)   operating lease obligations represent future commitments for building, equipment and vehicle leases.
the table above does not include estimated deficiency fees related to certain volume commitments that we have as they are based off future volume deliveries and differences from market pricing which we cannot predict.
critical accounting policies the discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states. below, we have provided expanded discussion of our more significant accounting policies, estimates and judgments. we believe these accounting policies reflect our more significant estimates and assumptions used in preparation of our financial statements. see note 2-summary of significant accounting policies of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this form 10-k.
use of estimates certain amounts included in or affecting our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures must be estimated by our management, requiring certain assumptions to be made with respect to values or conditions that cannot be known with certainty at the time the consolidated financial statements are prepared. these estimates and assumptions affect the amounts we report for assets and liabilities and our disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements. actual results could differ from those estimates.
we evaluate these estimates on an ongoing basis, using historical experience, consultation with experts and other methods we consider reasonable in the particular circumstances. nevertheless, actual results may differ significantly from our estimates. any effects on our business, financial position or results of operations resulting from revisions to these estimates are recorded in the period in which the facts that give rise to the revision become known. significant items subject to such estimates and assumptions include estimates of proved oil and gas reserves and related present value estimates of future net cash flows therefrom, the carrying value of oil and natural gas properties, asset retirement obligations, the fair value determination of acquired assets and liabilities, equity-based compensation, fair value estimates of commodity derivatives and estimates of income taxes.
method of accounting for oil and natural gas properties we account for our oil and natural gas producing activities using the full cost method of accounting. accordingly, all costs incurred in the acquisition, exploration and development of proved oil and natural gas properties, including the costs of abandoned properties, dry holes, geophysical costs and annual lease rentals are capitalized. we also capitalize direct operating costs for services performed with internally owned drilling and well servicing equipment. internal costs capitalized to the full cost pool represent management's estimate of costs incurred directly related to exploration and development activities such as geological and other administrative costs associated with overseeing the exploration and development activities. all internal costs unrelated to drilling activities are expensed as incurred. sales or other dispositions of oil and natural gas properties are accounted for as adjustments to capitalized costs, with no gain or loss recorded unless the ratio of cost to proved reserves would significantly change. income from services provided to working interest owners of properties in which we also own an interest, to the extent they exceed related costs incurred, are accounted for as reductions of capitalized costs of oil and natural gas properties. depletion of evaluated oil and natural gas properties is computed on the units of production method, whereby capitalized costs plus estimated future development costs are amortized over total proved reserves.
costs associated with unevaluated properties are excluded from the full cost pool until we have made a determination as to the existence of proved reserves. we assess all items classified as unevaluated property on an annual basis for possible impairment. we assess properties on an individual basis or as a group if properties are individually insignificant. the assessment includes consideration of the following factors, among others: intent to drill; remaining lease term; geological and geophysical evaluations; drilling results and activity; the assignment of proved reserves; and the economic viability of development if proved reserves are assigned. during any period in which these factors indicate an impairment, the cumulative drilling costs incurred to date for such property and all or a portion of the associated leasehold costs are transferred to the full cost pool and are then subject to amortization.
oil and natural gas reserve quantities and standardized measure of future net revenue our independent engineers and technical staff prepare our estimates of oil and natural gas reserves and associated future net revenues. the sec has defined proved reserves as the estimated quantities of oil and natural gas which geological and engineering data demonstrate with reasonable certainty to be recoverable in future years from known reservoirs under existing economic and operating conditions. the process of estimating oil and natural gas reserves is complex, requiring significant decisions in the evaluation of available geological, geophysical, engineering and economic data. the data for a given property may also change substantially over time as a result of numerous factors, including additional development activity, evolving production history and a continual reassessment of the viability of production under changing economic conditions. as a result, material revisions to existing reserve estimates occur from time to time. although every reasonable effort is made to ensure that reserve estimates reported represent the most accurate assessments possible, the subjective decisions and variances in available data for various properties increase the likelihood of significant changes in these estimates. if such changes are material, they could significantly affect future amortization of capitalized costs and result in impairment of assets that may be material.
there are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of proved oil and natural gas reserves. oil and natural gas reserve engineering is a subjective process of estimating underground accumulations of oil and natural gas that cannot be precisely measured and the accuracy of any reserve estimate is a function of the quality of available data and of engineering and geological interpretation and judgment. results of drilling, testing and production subsequent to the date of the estimate may justify revision of such estimate. accordingly, reserve estimates are often different from the quantities of oil and natural gas that are ultimately recovered.
revenue recognition revenue from contracts with customers sales of oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids are recognized at the point control of the product is transferred to the customer. virtually all of the pricing provisions in our contracts are tied to a market index, with certain adjustments based on, among other factors, whether a well delivers to a gathering or transmission line, the quality of the oil or natural gas and the prevailing supply and demand conditions. as a result, the price of the oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids fluctuates to remain competitive with other available oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids supplies.
oil sales our oil sales contracts are generally structured where it delivers oil to the purchaser at a contractually agreed-upon delivery point at which the purchaser takes custody, title and risk of loss of the product. under this arrangement, we or a third party transports the product to the delivery point and receives a specified index price from the purchaser with no deduction. in this scenario, we recognize revenue when control transfers to the purchaser at the delivery point based on the price received from the purchaser. oil revenues are recorded net of any third-party transportation fees and other applicable differentials in our consolidated statements of operations.
natural gas and natural gas liquids sales under our natural gas processing contracts, it delivers natural gas to a midstream processing entity at the wellhead, battery facilities or the inlet of the midstream processing entity's system. the midstream processing entity gathers and processes the natural gas and remits proceeds to us for the resulting sales of natural gas liquids and residue gas. in these scenarios, we evaluate whether it is the principal or the agent in the transaction. for those contracts where we have concluded it is the principal and the ultimate third party is its customer, we recognize revenue on a gross basis, with transportation, gathering, processing, treating and compression fees presented as an expense in our consolidated statements of operations.
in certain natural gas processing agreements, we may elect to take its residue gas and/or natural gas liquids in-kind at the tailgate of the midstream entity's processing plant and subsequently market the product. through the marketing process, we deliver product to the ultimate third-party purchaser at a contractually agreed-upon delivery point and receives a specified index price from the purchaser. in this scenario, we recognize revenue when control transfers to the purchaser at the delivery point based on the index price received from the purchaser. the gathering, processing, treating and compression fees attributable to the gas processing contract, as well as any transportation fees incurred to deliver the product to the purchaser, are presented as transportation, gathering, processing, treating and compression expense in our consolidated statements of operations.
midstream revenue substantially all revenues from gathering, compression, water handling, disposal and treatment operations are derived from intersegment transactions for services rattler provides to exploration and production operations. the portion of such fees shown in our consolidated financial statements represent amounts charged to interest owners in our operated wells, as well as fees charged to other third parties for water handling and treatment services provided by rattler or usage of rattler's gathering and compression systems. for gathering and compression revenue, rattler satisfies its performance obligations and recognizes revenue when low pressure volumes are delivered to a specified delivery point. revenue is recognized based on the per mmbtu gathering fee or a per barrel gathering fee charged by rattler in accordance with the gathering and compression agreement. for water handling and treatment revenue, rattler satisfies its performance obligations and recognizes revenue when the water volumes have been delivered to the fracwater meter for a specified well pad and the wastewater volumes have been metered downstream of our facilities. for services contracted through third party providers, rattler's performance obligation is satisfied when the service performed by the third party provider has been completed. revenue is recognized based on the per barrel water delivery or a wastewater gathering and disposal fee charged by rattler in accordance with the water services agreement.
the majority of our midstream revenue agreements have a term greater than one year, and as such we have utilized the practical expedient in asc 606, which states that we are not required to disclose the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations if the variable consideration is allocated entirely to a wholly unsatisfied performance obligation. under our revenue agreements, each delivery generally represents a separate performance obligation; therefore, future volumes delivered are wholly unsatisfied and disclosure of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations is not required.
the remainder of our midstream revenue agreements, which relate to agreements with third parties, are short-term in nature with a term of one year or less. we have utilized an additional practical expedient in asc 606 which exempts it from disclosure of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations if the performance obligation is part of an agreement that has an original expected duration of one year or less.
contract balances under our product sales contracts, we have the right to invoice our customers once the performance obligations have been satisfied, at which point payment is unconditional. accordingly, our product sales contracts do not give rise to contract assets or liabilities under asc 606.
impairment we use the full cost method of accounting for our oil and natural gas properties. under this method, all acquisition, exploration and development costs, including certain internal costs, are capitalized and amortized on a composite unit of production method based on proved oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas reserves. internal costs capitalized to the full cost pool represent management's estimate of costs incurred directly related to exploration and development activities such as geological and other administrative costs associated with overseeing the exploration and development activities. all internal costs not directly associated with exploration and development activities were charged to expense as they were incurred. costs associated with unevaluated properties are excluded from the full cost pool until we have made a determination as to the existence of proved reserves. the inclusion of our unevaluated costs into the amortization base is expected to be completed within three to five years. sales of oil and natural gas properties, whether or not being amortized currently, are accounted for as adjustments of capitalized costs, with no gain or loss recognized, unless such adjustments would significantly alter the relationship between capitalized costs and proved reserves of oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas.
under this method of accounting, we are required to perform a ceiling test each quarter. the test determines a limit, or ceiling, on the book value of the proved oil and natural gas properties. net capitalized costs are limited to the lower of unamortized cost net of deferred income taxes, or the cost center ceiling. the cost center ceiling is defined as the sum of (a) estimated future net revenues, discounted at 10% per annum, from proved reserves, based on the trailing 12-month unweighted average of the first-day-of-the-month price, adjusted for any contract provisions and excluding the estimated abandonment costs for properties with asset retirement obligations recorded on the balance sheet, (b) the cost of properties not being amortized, if any, and (c) the lower of cost or market value of unproved properties included in the cost being amortized, including related deferred taxes for differences between the book and tax basis of the oil and natural gas properties. if the net book value, including related deferred taxes, exceeds the ceiling, an impairment or non-cash writedown is required.
asset retirement obligations we measure the future cost to retire our tangible long-lived assets and recognize such cost as a liability for legal obligations associated with the retirement of long-lived assets that result from the acquisition, construction or normal operation of a long-lived asset. the fair value of a liability for an asset's retirement obligation is recorded in the period in which it is incurred if a reasonable estimate of fair value can be made and the corresponding cost is capitalized as part of the carrying amount of the related long-lived asset. the liability is accreted to its then present value each period, and the capitalized cost is depreciated over the useful life of the related asset. if the liability is settled for an amount other than the recorded amount, the difference is recorded in oil and natural gas properties.
our asset retirement obligations primarily relate to the future plugging and abandonment of wells and related facilities. estimating the future restoration and removal costs is difficult and requires management to make estimates and judgments because most of the removal obligations are many years in the future and asset removal technologies and costs are constantly changing, as are regulatory, political, environmental, safety and public relations considerations. we estimate the future plugging and abandonment costs of wells, the ultimate productive life of the properties, a risk-adjusted discount rate and an inflation factor in order to determine the current present value of this obligation. to the extent future revisions to these assumptions impact the present value of the existing asset retirement obligation liability, a corresponding adjustment is made to the oil and natural gas property balance.
derivatives from time to time, we have used energy derivatives for the purpose of mitigating the risk resulting from fluctuations in the market price of crude oil and natural gas. we recognize all of our derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities at fair value. the accounting for changes in the fair value (i.e., gains or losses) of a derivative instrument depends on whether it has been designated and qualifies as part of a hedging relationship and further on the type of hedging relationship. none of our derivatives were designated as hedging instruments during the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018. for derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments, changes in the fair value of these instruments are recognized in earnings during the period of change.
accounting for equity-based compensation we grant various types of equity-based awards including stock options and restricted stock units. these plans and related accounting policies are defined and described more fully in note 12-equity-based compensation of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in the form 10-k. stock compensation awards are measured at fair value on the date of grant and are expensed, net of estimated forfeitures, over the required service period.
income taxes we use the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes, under which deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences of (1) temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of existing assets and liabilities and (2) operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. deferred income tax assets and liabilities are based on enacted tax rates applicable to the future period when those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. the effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in income in the period the rate change is enacted. a valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
inflation inflation in the united states has been relatively low in recent years and did not have a material impact on results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018. although the impact of inflation has been insignificant in recent years, it is still a factor in the united states economy and we tend to experience inflationary pressure on the cost of oilfield services and equipment as increasing oil and gas prices increase drilling activity in our areas of operations.
off-balance sheet arrangements we had no off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2019. please read note 18-commitments and contingencies included in notes to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this form 10-k, for a discussion of our commitments and contingencies, some of which are not recognized in the balance sheets under gaap.