management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a)
the consolidated financial statements of general electric company combine the industrial manufacturing and services businesses of ge with the financial services businesses of ge capital and are prepared in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap). certain columns and rows within tables may not add due to the use of rounded numbers. percentages presented in this report are calculated from the underlying numbers in millions. discussions throughout this md&a are based on continuing operations unless otherwise noted. the md&a should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements. for purposes of the financial statement display of sales and costs of sales in our consolidated statement of earnings (loss), "goods" is required by sec regulations to include all sales of tangible products, and "services" must include all other sales, including other services activities. in our md&a section of this report, we refer to sales under product services agreements and sales of both goods (such as spare parts and equipment upgrades) and related services (such as monitoring, maintenance and repairs) as sales of "services," which is an important part of our operations.
we believe investors will gain a better understanding of our company if they understand how we measure and talk about our results. because of the diversity in our businesses, we present our financial statements in a three-column format, which allows investors to see our ge industrial operations separately from our financial services operations. we believe that this provides useful information to investors. when used in this report, unless otherwise indicated by the context, we use these terms to mean the following:
•   consolidated - the adding together of ge and ge capital, giving effect to the elimination of transactions between the two. we present consolidated results in the left-side column of our consolidated statements of earnings (loss), financial position and cash flows.
•   ge - the adding together of all affiliates except ge capital, whose continuing operations are presented on a one-line basis, giving effect to the elimination of transactions among such affiliates. as ge presents the continuing operations of ge capital on a one-line basis, any intercompany profits resulting from transactions between ge and ge capital are eliminated at the ge level. we present the results of ge in the center column of our consolidated statements of earnings (loss), financial position and cash flows.
•   ge capital - the adding together of all affiliates of ge capital giving effect to the elimination of transactions among such affiliates. we present the results of ge capital in the right-side column of our consolidated statements of earnings (loss), financial position and cash flows.
•   ge industrial - ge excluding the continuing operations of ge capital. we believe that this provides investors with a view as to the results of our industrial businesses and corporate items.
•   industrial segment - the sum of our four industrial reportable segments, without giving effect to the elimination of transactions among such segments or between these segments and our financial services segment. this provides investors with a view as to the results of our industrial segments, without inter-segment eliminations and corporate items.
this document contains "forward-looking statements" - for details about the uncertainties that could cause our actual results to be materially different than those expressed in our forward-looking statements, see the risk factors and forward-looking statements sections.
2019 significant developments. in october 2019, we announced changes to the u.s. ge pension plan and the u.s. ge supplementary plan. as a result of these actions, we recognized a pre-tax increase in non-operating benefit costs of $0.6 billion in the fourth quarter of 2019. see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
we performed this year's premium deficiency testing in the aggregate across our run-off insurance portfolio in the third quarter of 2019. as a result of our testing, we identified a premium deficiency resulting in a $1.0 billion pre-tax ($0.8 billion after-tax) charge to earnings. see the other items - insurance section within md&a and note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
in the third quarter of 2019, we completed a tender offer to purchase $4.8 billion of ge senior unsecured debt. the total cash consideration paid for these purchases was $5.0 billion, resulting in a pre-tax loss of $0.3 billion (including fees and other costs associated with the tender). see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
in september 2019, we sold a total of 144.1 million shares in baker hughes for $3.0 billion in cash (net of certain deal related costs) which reduced our ownership interest from 50.2% to 36.8%. as a result, we have deconsolidated our baker hughes segment and reclassified its results to discontinued operations for all periods presented, and recorded a loss of $8.7 billion ($8.2 billion after-tax) in discontinued operations. see notes 2 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
in the second and third quarters of 2019, we recognized non-cash pre-tax impairment charges of $0.7 billion and $0.7 billion related to goodwill at our grid solutions equipment and services reporting unit and at our hydro reporting unit, respectively, both within our renewable energy segment. these charges were recorded within earnings from continuing operations at corporate. see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
ge 2019 form 10-k md&amp;a   consolidated results in february 2019, we completed the spin-off and subsequent merger of our transportation segment with wabtec corporation, a u.s. rail equipment manufacturer. as a result, we reclassified our transportation segment to discontinued operations in the first quarter of 2019, for all periods presented, and recorded a gain of $3.5 billion ($2.5 billion after-tax) in discontinued operations. total proceeds from the sale of the business, including the sale of wabtec common stock during 2019 were $6.2 billion. see notes 2 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
also in february 2019, we announced an agreement to sell our biopharma business within our healthcare segment to danaher corporation for total consideration of approximately $21.4 billion subject to certain adjustments. correspondingly, we classified biopharma as a business held for sale. we expect to complete the sale in the first quarter of 2020, subject to regulatory approval, providing us flexibility and optionality with respect to our remaining healthcare businesses. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
summary of 2019 results. consolidated revenues were $95.2 billion, down $1.8 billion (2%) for the year primarily driven by decreased corporate revenues of $1.0 billion, largely attributable to the sale of our current business in november 2018 and decreased ge capital revenues of $0.8 billion. the overall foreign currency impact on consolidated revenues was a decrease of $1.4 billion. industrial segment organic revenues* increased $4.6 billion (5.5%) driven by our aviation, renewable energy and healthcare segments, partially offset by our power segment.
continuing earnings per share was $(0.01). excluding non-operating benefit costs, gains (losses) on business dispositions, restructuring and other charges, goodwill impairments, unrealized gains (losses) on investments, biopharma deal taxes, debt extinguishment costs, u.s. tax reform enactment and an insurance premium deficiency test charge, adjusted earnings per share* was $0.65.
for the year ended december 31, 2019, ge industrial profit was $1.8 billion and profit margins were 2.1%, up $22.4 billion, driven by decreased non-cash goodwill impairment charges of $20.6 billion, decreased restructuring and other costs of $1.5 billion and decreased interest and other financial charges of $0.3 billion, partially offset by increased non-operating benefit costs of $0.1 billion. industrial segment profit increased $0.8 billion (8%) primarily due to higher results within our power, healthcare and aviation segments, partially offset by the performance of our renewable energy segment. industrial segment organic profit* increased $1.0 billion (11%).
ge cash flows from operating activities (cfoa) from continuing operations was $4.6 billion and $0.7 billion for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. ge cfoa increased primarily due to no ge pension plan contributions in 2019 compared to $6.0 billion in 2018 and lower net disbursements for equipment project costs, partially offset by higher cash used for working capital compared to 2018. ge industrial free cash flows (fcf)* were $2.3 billion and $4.3 billion for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. the decrease was primarily due to higher cash used for working capital compared to 2018, partially offset by lower net disbursements for equipment project costs compared to 2018. see the capital resources and liquidity - statement of cash flows section for further information.
orders are contractual commitments with customers to provide specified goods or services for an agreed upon price. backlog is unfilled customer orders for products and product services (expected life of contract sales for product services).
for the year ended december 31, 2019, orders decreased $4.5 billion (5%) on a reported basis and increased $0.6 billion (1%) organically driven by an increase in services orders of $1.5 billion primarily at aviation, partially offset by renewable energy, and a decrease in equipment orders of $0.9 billion, primarily at power and aviation, partially offset by renewable energy.
for the year ended december 31, 2018, orders decreased $0.5 billion (1%) on a reported basis and increased $2.9 billion (3%) organically driven by an increase in equipment orders of $2.5 billion, primarily at aviation, partially offset by power and renewable energy, and an increase in services orders of $0.5 billion, primarily at aviation and renewable energy, partially offset by power.
*non-gaap financial measure ge 2019 form 10-k md&amp;a   consolidated results remaining performance obligation (rpo), a defined term under gaap, is backlog excluding any purchase order that provides the customer with the ability to cancel or terminate without incurring a substantive penalty, even if the likelihood of cancellation is remote based on historical experience. we plan to continue reporting backlog as we believe that it is a useful metric for investors, given its relevance to total orders. see note 26 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
remaining performance obligation         $48.5            $196.9          $245.4
adjustments to reported backlog of $159.1 billion as of december 31, 2019 are largely driven by adjustments of $149.5 billion in our aviation segment: (1) backlog includes engine contracts for which we have received purchase orders that are cancelable. we have included these in backlog as our historical experience has shown no net cancellations, as any canceled engines are typically moved by the airframer to other program customers; (2) our services backlog includes contracts that are cancelable without substantive penalty, primarily time and materials contracts; (3) backlog includes engines contracted under long-term service agreements, even if the engines have not yet been put into service. these adjustments to reported backlog are expected to be satisfied beyond one year.
corporate items and industrial eliminations       0.9           2.3           2.5
ge capital revenues                              $8.7          $9.6          $9.1
for the year ended december 31, 2019, consolidated revenues decreased $1.8 billion (2%) primarily driven by decreased corporate revenues of $1.0 billion, largely attributable to the sale of our current business in november 2018, and decreased ge capital revenues of $0.8 billion. the overall foreign currency impact on consolidated revenues was a decrease of $1.4 billion.
industrial segment revenues remained flat as a decrease at power was offset by increases at aviation, renewable energy and healthcare. this was driven by the net effects of dispositions of $3.3 billion, primarily attributable to the sales of industrial solutions, value-based care and distributed power in 2018 and the effects of a stronger u.s. dollar of $1.4 billion, partially offset by the net effects of acquisitions of $0.1 billion. industrial segment organic revenues* (excluding the effects of acquisitions, dispositions and foreign currency) increased $4.6 billion (5.5%).
ge capital revenues decreased $0.8 billion (8%), primarily due to volume declines and lower gains, partially offset by lower impairments.
for the year ended december 31, 2018, consolidated revenues decreased $2.3 billion (2%), primarily driven by decreased industrial segment revenues of $3.0 billion, partially offset by increased ge capital revenues of $0.5 billion. the overall foreign currency impact on consolidated revenues was $0.5 billion.
industrial segment revenues decreased $3.0 billion (3%) as a decrease at power was partially offset by increases at healthcare and aviation. this decrease was driven in part by the net effects of dispositions of $3.5 billion, partially offset by the effects of a weaker u.s. dollar of $0.5 billion. industrial segment organic revenues* remained flat.
ge capital revenues increased $0.5 billion (5%) primarily due to lower impairments and volume growth, partially offset by lower gains.
for the year ended december 31, 2019, consolidated continuing losses decreased $21.4 billion, due to decreased ge goodwill impairment charges of $20.6 billion, increased ge industrial segment profit of $0.8 billion, decreased corporate items and eliminations of $0.6 billion and decreased ge interest and other financial charges of $0.3 billion, partially offset by increased provision for ge industrial income taxes of $0.8 billion and increased ge non-operating benefit costs of $0.1 billion.
ge industrial segment profit increased $0.8 billion (8%) with higher profit at power, aviation and healthcare partially offset by lower profit at renewable energy. industrial segment profit was also driven in part by the net effects of dispositions of $0.3 billion, primarily associated with the sales of industrial solutions, value-based care and distributed power in 2018, offset by the effects of a weaker u.s. dollar of $0.1 billion. excluding the effects of acquisitions, dispositions and foreign currency translation, industrial segment organic profit* increased $1.0 billion (11%). corporate items and eliminations decreased $0.6 billion primarily attributable to decreased restructuring and other costs of $1.6 billion, increased net unrealized gains on investments of $0.8 billion, partially offset by decreased net gains from disposed or held for sale businesses of $1.4 billion and increased adjusted corporate operating costs* of $0.4 billion.
*non-gaap financial measure ge 2019 form 10-k md&amp;a   consolidated results ge capital continuing losses were flat primarily due to a $1.0 billion pre-tax charge identified through the completion of our annual insurance premium deficiency review, lower gains, lower tax benefits and volume declines, offset by lower impairments, lower excess interest costs and tax law changes. gains were $0.7 billion and $0.8 billion in 2019 and 2018, respectively, which primarily related to sales of ge capital aviation services (gecas) aircraft and engines resulting in gains of $0.4 billion and $0.3 billion in 2019 and 2018, respectively, as well as the sale of equity method investments resulting in gains of $0.2 billion in 2019 at energy financial services (efs) and the sale of efs' debt origination business and equity investments resulting in gains of $0.4 billion in 2018.
for the year ended december 31, 2018, consolidated continuing losses increased $12.7 billion driven by increased ge goodwill impairment charges of $21.0 billion, decreased ge industrial segment profit of $1.8 billion and increased ge non-operating benefit costs of $0.3 billion, partially offset by decreased ge capital losses of $6.3 billion, decreased provision for ge industrial income taxes of $3.0 billion, decreased corporate items and eliminations of $1.0 billion and decreased ge interest and other financial charges of $0.1 billion.
ge industrial segment profit decreased $1.8 billion (16%) with decreases at power and renewable energy, partially offset by higher earnings at aviation and healthcare. industrial segment profit was also driven in part by the net effects of dispositions of $0.4 billion, primarily associated with the absence of water following its sale in the third quarter of 2017 and industrial solutions following its sale in the second quarter of 2018. excluding the effects of acquisitions, dispositions and foreign currency translation, industrial segment organic profit* decreased $1.4 billion. corporate items and eliminations decreased $1.0 billion primarily attributable to higher net gains from disposed or held for sale businesses of $0.4 billion, decreased adjusted corporate operating costs* of $0.4 billion and decreased restructuring and other costs of $0.1 billion.
ge capital continuing losses decreased $6.3 billion (93%) primarily due to the nonrecurrence of the 2017 charges associated with the ge capital insurance premium deficiency review and efs strategic actions, partially offset by the nonrecurrence of 2017 tax benefits.
geographic information. our global activities span all geographic regions and primarily encompass manufacturing for local and export markets, import and sale of products produced in other regions, leasing of aircraft, sourcing for our plants domiciled in other global regions and provisioning of financial services within these regional economies. thus, when countries or regions experience currency and/or economic stress, we often have increased exposure to certain risks, but also often have new opportunities that include, among other things, expansion of industrial activities through purchases of companies or assets at reduced prices and lower u.s. debt financing costs.
financial results of our non-u.s. activities reported in u.s. dollars are affected by currency exchange. we use a number of techniques to manage the effects of currency exchange, including selective borrowings in local currencies and selective hedging of significant cross-currency transactions. such principal currencies are the euro, the pound sterling, the brazilian real and the chinese renminbi.
revenues are classified according to the region to which products and services are sold. for purposes of this analysis, the u.s. is presented separately from the remainder of the americas.
*non-gaap financial measure ge 2019 form 10-k md&amp;a   consolidated results aviation and gecas 737 max. aviation develops, produces, and sells leap aircraft engines through cfm international (cfm), a company jointly owned by ge and safran aircraft engines, a subsidiary of the safran group of france. the leap-1b engine is the exclusive engine for the boeing 737 max. in march 2019, global regulatory authorities ordered a temporary fleet grounding of the boeing 737 max. during the second quarter of 2019, boeing announced a temporary reduction in the 737 max production rate, and cfm reduced its production rate for the leap-1b to meet boeing's revised aircraft build rate. in december 2019, boeing announced that it would temporarily suspend production of the 737 max beginning in january 2020. cfm is working closely with boeing to align production rates for 2020 and ensure a successful reentry into service, with a strong commitment to safety while navigating near-term industry disruption. as a result of the 737 max grounding, ge cfoa was adversely affected by approximately $1.4 billion for the year ended december 31, 2019, which primarily represents the growth in receivables, net of progress collections, and lower collections on new purchase orders. within aviation, this effect was more than offset by: higher commercial aftermarket earnings and higher long-term service agreement billings of $0.6 billion; cash receipts from contract modifications of $0.3 billion; a new spare parts distribution deal for a legacy engine program of $0.3 billion; and lower customer allowance payments of $0.4 billion. other aviation working capital cash flows, excluding the impact of the 737 max grounding, largely offset. any impact to ge cfoa in 2020 is dependent on the timing of the 737 max return to service and engine production rates.
at december 31, 2019, gecas owned 29 737 max aircraft, 26 of which are contracted for lease to airlines that remain obligated to make contractual rental payments. in addition, gecas has made pre-delivery payments to boeing related to 144 of these aircraft on order and has made financing commitments to acquire a further 18 aircraft under purchase and leaseback contracts with airlines.
as of december 31, 2019, we have approximately $2.5 billion of net assets ($4.8 billion of assets and $2.3 billion of liabilities) related to the 737 max program that primarily comprise accounts receivable, pre-delivery payments and owned aircraft subject to lease offset by progress collections. no impairment charges were incurred related to the 737 max aircraft and related balances in 2019 as we continue to believe these assets are fully recoverable. we continue to monitor these developments with our airline customers, lessees and boeing.
leap continues to be a strong engine program for us, and we delivered 1,736 leap engines for boeing and airbus platforms in the year.
segment operations. segment revenues include sales of products and services by the segment. industrial segment profit is determined based on performance measures used by our chief operating decision maker (codm), who is our chief executive officer (ceo), to assess the performance of each business in a given period. in connection with that assessment, the ceo may exclude matters, such as charges for impairments, restructuring, rationalization and other similar expenses, acquisition costs and other related charges, certain gains and losses from acquisitions or dispositions, and certain litigation settlements. see the ge corporate items and eliminations section within md&a for additional information about costs excluded from segment profit.
segment profit excludes results reported as discontinued operations and the portion of earnings or loss attributable to noncontrolling interests of consolidated subsidiaries, and as such only includes the portion of earnings or loss attributable to our share of the consolidated earnings or loss of consolidated subsidiaries.
interest and other financial charges, income taxes and non-operating benefit costs are excluded in determining segment profit for the industrial segments. interest and other financial charges, income taxes, non-operating benefit costs and ge capital preferred stock dividends are included in determining segment profit (which we sometimes refer to as net earnings) for the capital segment. other income is included in segment profit for the industrial segments.
certain corporate costs, such as those related to shared services, employee benefits, and information technology, are allocated to our segments based on usage. a portion of the remaining corporate costs is allocated based on each segment's relative net cost of operations.
ge 2019 form 10-k md&amp;a   segment operations summary of reportable segments (in millions)                                                      2019              2018            2017
capital                                                                                          8,741             9,551           9,070
corporate items and eliminations                                                                  (305   )           673             433
total industrial segment profit                                                                 10,436             9,647          11,479
capital                                                                                           (530   )          (489   )      (6,765   )
total segment profit                                                                             9,906             9,158           4,714
corporate items and eliminations                                                                (2,212   )        (2,837   )      (3,798   )
ge interest and other financial charges                                                         (2,115   )        (2,415   )      (2,538   )
ge non-operating benefit costs                                                                  (2,828   )        (2,740   )      (2,409   )
ge benefit (provision) for income taxes                                                         (1,309   )          (467   )      (3,493   )
less net earnings (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests, discontinued operations          60                 1             (81   )
earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes and noncontrolling interests         (5,395   )        (1,364   )        (231   )
power products & services. power serves power generation, industrial, government and other customers worldwide with products and services related to energy production. our products and technologies harness resources such as oil, gas, fossil, diesel, nuclear and water to produce electric power and include gas and steam turbines, full balance of plant, upgrade and service solutions, as well as data-leveraging software.
in 2019, we reorganized the businesses within our power segment into gas power and power portfolio, and we completed the reorganization of our grid solutions equipment and services business into our renewable energy segment and our grid solutions software and power digital businesses into corporate for all periods presented. power portfolio's 2018 and 2017 results also include our former industrial solutions and distributed power businesses which were sold in june 2018 and november 2018, respectively.
gas power - offers a wide spectrum of heavy-duty and aeroderivative gas turbines for utilities, independent power producers and numerous industrial applications, ranging from small, mobile power to utility scale power plants. gas power also delivers maintenance, service and upgrade solutions across total plant assets and over their operational lifecycle. our gas turbine installed base was approximately 7,700 units as of december 31, 2019.
power portfolio - offers steam power technology for fossil and nuclear applications including boilers, generators, steam turbines and air quality control systems (aqcs) to help efficiently produce power and provide performance over the life of a power plant. power portfolio also applies the science and systems of power conversion to provide motors, generators, automation and control equipment and drives for energy intensive industries such as marine, oil and gas, renewable energy, mining, rail, metals, test systems and water. it also offers advanced reactor technologies solutions, including reactors, fuels and support services for boiling water reactors, through joint ventures with hitachi and toshiba for nuclear fleets.
competition & regulation. worldwide competition for power generation products and services is intense. demand for power generation is global, and as a result, is sensitive to the economic and political environments of each country in which we do business. our products and services sold to end customers are often subject to many regulatory requirements and performance standards under different federal, state, foreign and energy industry standards.
significant trends & developments. the power market as well as its operating environment continue to be challenging. over the past several quarters, our outlook for power was driven by the significant overcapacity in the industry, increased price pressure from competition on servicing the installed base, and the uncertain timing of deal closures due to financing and the complexities of working in emerging markets. market factors such as increasing energy efficiency and renewable energy penetration, the growth in global supply of liquefied natural gas, as well as the cost-competitiveness of different sources of power generation continue to impact how we evaluate long-term market demand.
md&amp;a   segment operations we have and will continue to take actions to right size our business for the current market conditions and our long-term outlook, including restructuring our operations to dispose of non-core businesses, resizing our remaining businesses to better align with market demand and driving these businesses with an operational rigor and discipline that is focused on our customers' lifecycle experience. we are building a cost structure to support an average 25 to 30 gigawatt new unit gas turbine market; however, actual orders in a given year can vary. as a result of these actions and overall market conditions, we believe the business is showing early signs of stabilization. we expect incremental improvements in 2020 with further acceleration in 2021 and beyond.
we continue to invest in new product development, such as our ha-turbines, including upgrades, as these are critical to our customers and the long-term strategy of the business.
(in units)                                     2019                                            2018                                                                    2019                                            2018
(a) heavy-duty gas turbines and aeroderivatives are subsets of ge gas turbines. (b) ha-turbines are a subset of heavy-duty gas turbines.(c) gigawatts reported associated with financial orders in the periods presented.
power portfolio              5.5           8.9          12.3
segment profit(b)              $0.4         $(0.8    )      $1.9
segment profit margin           2.1   %      (3.6   )%       6.4   %
(a) power segment revenues represent 21% and 19% of total industrial segment revenues and total segment revenues, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2019.
(b) power segment profit represents 4% of total industrial segment profit for the year ended december 31, 2019.
ge 2019 form 10-k md&amp;a   segment operations for the year ended december 31, 2019, segment orders were down $5.7 billion (25%), segment revenues were down $3.5 billion (16%) and segment profit was up $1.2 billion.
backlog as of december 31, 2019 increased $0.3 billion from december 31, 2018, primarily due to an increase in services backlog of $1.4 billion attributable to gas power, partially offset by a decrease in equipment backlog of $1.1 billion from both gas power and power portfolio.
orders decreased $2.5 billion (13%) organically mainly due to a decrease in steam orders at power portfolio, partially offset by 20 more heavy duty gas turbine orders.
revenues decreased $0.2 billion (1%) organically* primarily due to a decrease in services revenue at power portfolio.
profit increased $1.4 billion organically* due to improved variable cost productivity driven by the absence of significant warranty and project cost updates, as well as liquidated damages recognized in 2018.
for the year ended december 31, 2018, segment orders were down $7.4 billion (25%), segment revenues were down $7.3 billion (25%) and segment profit was down $2.7 billion.
backlog as of december 31, 2018 decreased $4.7 billion (5%) primarily due to a reduction in services backlog of $4.2 billion attributable to gas power and due to the absence of our distributed power and industrial solutions businesses in power portfolio.
revenues decreased $4.5 billion (17%) organically*. equipment revenues decreased primarily at gas power, due to lower unit sales, including 60 fewer gas turbines, 26 fewer heat recovery steam generators and 23 fewer aeroderivative units. services revenues also decreased primarily due to 27 fewer agp upgrades.
profit decreased $2.4 billion organically* due to negative variable cost productivity driven by warranty, project cost updates as well as liquidated damages, and various assumption updates for unfavorable pricing, lower utilization, and cost updates on our long-term service agreements recognized by gas power.
renewable energy products & services. renewable energy engineers and manufactures energy equipment and projects, grid solutions and digital services that create industry-leading value for our customers globally. combining onshore and offshore wind, blades, hydro and grid solutions, as well as hybrid renewables and digital services offerings, we have installed more than 400 gigawatts of clean renewable energy equipment and more than 90 percent of utilities worldwide with our grid solutions.
onshore wind - delivers technology and services for the onshore wind power industry by providing smart turbines that are uniquely situated for a variety of wind environments. wind services help customers improve availability and value of their assets over the lifetime of the fleet. the digital wind farm is a site level solution, creating a dynamic, connected and adaptable ecosystem that improves our customers' fleet operations. our onshore wind turbine installed base was approximately 45,000 units as of december 31, 2019.
offshore wind - leads the industry in offshore wind power technologies to be used in offshore wind farm development with the haliade x-12mw prototype, the most powerful offshore wind turbine in the world.
grid solutions equipment and services (grid) - equips power utilities and industries worldwide to bring power reliably and efficiently from the point of generation to end customers through offering products, such as high voltage equipment, power electronics, automation and protection equipment, and servicing the generation, transmission, distribution, oil and gas, telecommunication, mining and water industries. in the second quarter of 2019, we completed the reorganization of our grid business into our renewable energy segment for all periods presented.
hydro - represents more than 25 percent of the total installed hydropower capacity worldwide through a portfolio of solutions and services, including the design, management, construction, installation, maintenance and operation of both large hydropower plants and small hydropower solutions, as well as offering a comprehensive asset management program to hydro power plant operators.
competition & regulation. while many factors, including government incentives and specific market rules, affect how renewable energy can deliver outcomes for customers in a given region, renewable energy is increasingly able to compete with fossil fuels in terms of levelized cost of electricity. however, continued competitive pressure from other wind and hydro turbine manufacturers as well as from other energy sources, such as solar photovoltaic, reinforced by a general move to electricity auction mechanisms, have increased price pressure and the need for innovation.
we continue to invest in exploring new ways of further improving the efficiency and flexibility of our hydropower technology with digital solutions and in generating wind turbine product improvements, including larger rotors, taller towers and higher nameplate ratings that continue to drive down the cost of wind energy. as industry models continue to evolve, our digital strategy and investments in technical innovation will position us to add value for customers looking for clean, renewable energy.
significant trends & developments. renewable energy is in a rapid transition period and now competing in the marketplace against existing and new conventional energy sources. wind energy is currently the second-largest contributor to renewable capacity growth with hydropower projected to remain the largest renewable electricity source through 2023.
*non-gaap financial measure ge 2019 form 10-k md&amp;a   segment operations | renewable energy during 2019, the onshore wind market in the u.s. continued to see the positive impact from the production tax credit (ptc) cycle and customer preference shifting to larger, more efficient units to drive down costs and compete with other power generation options. despite the competitive nature of the market, onshore wind order pricing stabilized in 2019 due to demand caused by the progressive phase-down of ptcs in the u.s. starting in 2020 and auction stabilization in international markets. the phase-down of ptcs in the u.s. has recently been extended by a year such that certain projects completed through 2024 could qualify for these credits and we expect to continue high levels of production for 2020 deliveries at onshore wind. we will continue to closely monitor our execution during this period including risks of delivery delays due to customer site readiness issues and possible project postponements.
we expect additional opportunities to repower existing wind turbines. repowering allows customers to increase the annual energy output of their installed base, provides more competitively priced energy and extends the life of their assets. the repower market remains robust, and we expect continued strong demand in 2020 and beyond.
the grid market continues to be challenging as we have experienced current year order declines in the high voltage direct current (hvdc) and high voltage (hv) product lines. given price pressure, the need for grid flexibility to accommodate more renewable energy, and the diversification of energy players, the hydropower industry continues to maximize value with new small-scale and pumped storage projects to support both wind and solar expansion. the grid and hydro businesses are executing their turnaround plans and we are expecting improvements in contribution margin in 2020.
new product introductions continue to be important to our customers who are demonstrating the willingness to adopt the new technology of larger turbines that decrease the levelized cost of energy. we continue to focus on cost reduction initiatives of our products, in-sourcing blade production and developing larger, more efficient turbines like the haliade-x (offshore wind) and cypress (onshore wind). during 2019, we signed our largest cypress order to date, and were selected as the preferred supplier for two offshore wind projects in the u.s. and united kingdom (u.k.), an important commercial milestone for the haliade-x. in october 2019, the prototype for the haliade-x was successfully installed with final certification expected by the middle of 2020.
(in units)                 2019   2018             2019         2018
ge 2019 form 10-k md&amp;a   segment operations | renewable energy
segment profit(b)             $(0.7    )      $0.3          $0.7
segment profit margin          (4.3   )%       2.0   %       5.1   %
(a)   renewable energy segment revenues represent 18% and 16% of total industrial segment revenues and total segment revenues, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2019.
(b)   renewable energy segment profit represents (6)% of total industrial segment profit for the year ended december 31, 2019.
for the year ended december 31, 2019, segment orders were up $1.6 billion (10%), segment revenues were up $1.0 billion (7%) and segment profit was down $1.0 billion.
orders increased $1.9 billion (12%) organically due to increased demand in domestic and international onshore wind markets, partially offset by lower repower unit orders and lower orders at grid and hydro.
revenues increased $1.6 billion (11%) organically*. equipment revenues increased due to 933 more wind turbine units shipped, or 40% more megawatts, than in the prior year, partially offset by decreases in offshore wind due to the nonrecurrence of a project completed in the prior year and due to lower hvdc and automated control systems (acs) project revenues and hv product shipments at grid. services revenues increased primarily due to an increase in repower units pricing and volume at onshore wind.
profit decreased $1.0 billion organically* due to $0.3 billion higher losses in grid, hydro and offshore wind resulting from no longer allocating losses to noncontrolling interest holders following the buy-out of those joint venture interests from alstom in the fourth quarter of 2018. the lower profit was also due to $0.2 billion related to project execution challenges, primarily on legacy contracts as well as price pressure and execution challenges at grid, increased research and development spend, depreciation on capitalized expenditures for haliade-x and cypress and the impact of u.s.-china tariffs.
for the year ended december 31, 2018, segment orders were down $0.1 billion (1%), segment revenues were flat and segment profit was down $0.4 billion (60%).
backlog increased $1.2 billion (5%) primarily driven by onshore wind due to increased demand associated with u.s. ptcs, partially offset by a decrease in grid acs and hvdc and non-repeat of a 6mw turbine order in offshore wind.
revenues were flat organically*. services volume increased due to a larger installed base and more repower units than in the prior year. equipment volume decreased driven by lower grid acs and hvdc activity.
profit decreased $0.4 billion (60%) organically* due to pricing pressure, unfavorable business mix as well as liquidated damages related to partner execution and project delays, and higher losses in hydro and offshore as we began fully consolidating these entities in the fourth quarter, partially offset by materials deflation and positive base cost productivity.
aviation products & services. aviation designs and produces commercial and military aircraft engines, integrated digital components, electric power and mechanical aircraft systems. we also provide aftermarket services to support our products.
commercial - manufactures jet engines for commercial airframes. our commercial engines power aircraft in all categories; regional, narrowbody and widebody. we also produce and market engines through joint ventures with safran group of france and united technologies corporation. commercial provides maintenance, component repair and overhaul services (mro), including sales of replacement parts. our commercial engine installed base was approximately 37,800 units as of december 31, 2019.
military - manufactures jet engines for military airframes. our military engines power a wide variety of military aircraft including fighters, bombers, tankers, helicopters and surveillance aircraft, as well as marine applications. we provide maintenance, component repair and overhaul services, including sales of replacement parts. our military engine installed base was approximately 26,600 units as of december 31, 2019.
systems & other - provides engines components, systems and services for commercial and military segments. this includes engines and components for business and general aviation segments, along with avionics systems, aviation electric power systems, flight efficiency and intelligent operation services, aircraft structures and avio aero. additionally, we provide a wide variety of products and services including additive machines from concept laser and arcam ebm, additive materials (including metal powders from ap&c), and additive engineering services through our consultancy brand addworkstm.
*non-gaap financial measure ge 2019 form 10-k md&amp;a   segment operations competition & regulation. the global businesses for aircraft jet engines, maintenance component repair and overhaul services (including parts sales) are highly competitive. both u.s. and non-u.s. markets are important to the growth and success of the business. product development cycles are long and product quality and efficiency are critical to success. research and development expenditures are important in this business, as are focused intellectual property strategies and protection of key aircraft engine design, manufacture, repair and product upgrade technologies. aircraft engine orders and systems tend to follow civil air travel and demand and military procurement cycles.
our product, services and activities are subject to a number of regulators such as the u.s. federal aviation administration (faa), european aviation safety agency (easa) and other regulatory bodies.
significant trends & developments. global passenger air travel continued to grow (measured in revenue passenger kilometers (rpk)) at 4.2%* in the current year. oil prices remained stable, and global traffic growth was broad-based across global regions. we expect this trend to drive continued demand in the installed base of commercial engines and increased focus on newer, more fuel-efficient aircraft. industry-load factors for airlines remain at all-time high levels above 80%*. air freight volume decreased, particularly in international markets driven by economic conditions and slowing global trade.
as it relates to the military environment, the u.s. department of defense has increased its budget and foreign governments have increased spending to upgrade and modernize their existing fleets, creating future opportunities. military shipments grew to 717 engines in 2019 from 674 engines in 2018. in 2019, the united states army awarded aviation a contract for its t901 engine as the replacement engine for the army's apache and black hawk helicopters, and in 2018 the united states air force selected boeing as the contractor to produce 351 new advanced t-7a red hawk trainer aircraft powered by aviation's f404 engine.
the installed base continues to grow with new product launches. we announced record commercial wins at the paris air show in june 2019, some of which contributed to backlog growth of 22% from december 31, 2018. we continue to expect future orders as a result of these wins. in 2018, we shipped the first passport engines, powering the bombardier global 7000 business jet. we are also continuing development on the advanced turbo prop program and the ge9x engine, incorporating the latest technologies for application in the widebody aircraft space.
total engineering, comprised of both company and customer funded spending, remained consistent with 2018. company funded research and development spend has decreased compared to prior year. however, customer funded engineering efforts, primarily in our military business, continue to increase. our digital initiatives, including analytics on flight operations, technical operations, and advanced manufacturing, are enabling our customers, internal operations and suppliers to reduce costs, cycle time and improve quality.
leap continues to be a strong engine program for us, and we delivered 1,736 leap engines for boeing and airbus platforms in the year.
refer to the aviation and gecas 737 max discussion in consolidated results for information regarding the company's exposure related to the temporary fleet grounding of the boeing 737 max.
(in units, except where noted)         2019                      2018                                                2019                                   2018
military engines                        801                       751                                                 717                                    674
(b) commercial externally shipped spares and spares used in time &amp; material shop visits in millions of dollars per day.
military                     4.4           4.1           4.0
systems &amp; other          4.3           3.7           3.3
segment profit(b)              $6.8          $6.5          $5.4
segment profit margin          20.7   %      21.2   %      19.9   %
(a)   aviation segment revenues represent 38% and 34% of total industrial segment revenues and total segment revenues, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2019.
(b)   aviation segment profit represents 65% of total industrial segment profit for the year ended december 31, 2019.
for the year ended december 31, 2019, segment orders were up $1.2 billion (3%), segment revenues were up $2.3 billion (8%) and segment profit was up $0.4 billion (5%).
orders increased $1.4 billion (4%) organically primarily driven by $1.9 billion of orders in the fourth quarter of 2019 for our newly formed aeroderivatives joint venture between ge power and baker hughes. excluding the aeroderivatives orders, total orders decreased $0.9 billion mainly due to a decline in leap engine orders as a result of the 737 max grounding, partially offset by services orders with continued strength in materials.
revenues increased $2.6 billion (9%) organically*. equipment revenues increased primarily due to 43 more military engine shipments and 38 more commercial units, including 618 more leap units, versus the prior year, partially offset by lower legacy commercial output in the cfm product line. services revenues also increased primarily due to increased price, a higher commercial spare parts shipment rate and increased revenues on long-term service agreements.
profit increased $0.4 billion (6%) organically* mainly due to services increased volume and increased price on commercial spare parts, and increased profitability on long-term service agreements. profit also increased due to higher volume of commercial spares engines, including leap 1-b spare engines sold to our gecas business to have an appropriate level of spare engines available in the market to meet customer needs in anticipation of the boeing 737 max aircraft recertification, partially offset by continued negative mix from commercial engines, primarily the cfm to leap engine transition and passport engine shipments. additionally, we recorded a charge during the year related to the uncertainty of collection for an airline customer in a challenging financial position.
for the year ended december 31, 2018, segment orders were up $6.4 billion (22%), segment revenues were up $3.6 billion (13%) and segment profit was up $1.1 billion (20%).
orders increased $6.4 billion (22%) organically mainly due to an increase in commercial and military equipment orders of $4.7 billion.
revenues increased $3.5 billion (13%) organically*. services revenues increased primarily due to a higher commercial spares shipment rate, as well as increased price. equipment revenues increased primarily due to 57 more military engine shipments and 195 more commercial units, including 659 more leap units, versus the prior year, partially offset by lower legacy commercial output in the cfm and ge90 product lines.
profit increased $1.1 billion (21%) organically* mainly due to increased price, increased volume, higher spare engine shipments and product and base cost productivity. these increases were partially offset by an unfavorable business mix driven by negative leap margin as well as higher overhaul shop costs due to increased volume and mix.
*non-gaap financial measure ge 2019 form 10-k md&amp;a   segment operations healthcare products & services. healthcare provides essential healthcare technologies to developed and emerging markets and has expertise in medical imaging, digital solutions, patient monitoring and diagnostics, drug discovery, biopharmaceutical manufacturing technologies and performance improvement solutions that are the building blocks of precision health. products and services are sold worldwide primarily to hospitals, medical facilities, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, and to the life science research market.
healthcare systems - develops, manufactures, markets and services a broad suite of products and solutions used in the diagnosis, treatment and monitoring of patients that is encompassed in imaging, ultrasound, life care solutions and enterprise software and solutions. imaging includes magnetic resonance, computed tomography, molecular imaging, x-ray systems and complementary software and services, for use in general diagnostics, women's health and image-guided therapies. ultrasound includes high-frequency soundwave systems, and complementary software and services, for use in diagnostics tailored to a wide range of clinical settings. life care solutions (lcs) includes clinical monitoring and acute care systems, and complementary software and services, for use in intensive care, anesthesia delivery, diagnostic cardiology and perinatal care. enterprise software & solutions (ess) includes enterprise digital, consulting and healthcare technology management offerings designed to improve efficiency in healthcare delivery and expand global access to advanced health care.
life sciences - delivers products, services and manufacturing solutions for drug discovery, the biopharmaceutical industry, and cellular and gene therapy technologies, so that scientists and specialists can discover new ways to predict, diagnose and treat disease. it also researches, manufactures and markets innovative imaging agents used during medical scanning procedures to highlight organs, tissue and functions inside the human body, to aid physicians in the early detection, diagnosis and management of disease through advanced in-vivo diagnostics.
competition & regulation. healthcare competes with a variety of u.s. and non-u.s. manufacturers and services providers. customers require products and services that allow them to provide better access to healthcare, improve the affordability of care and improve the quality of patient outcomes. technology and solution innovation to provide products that meet these customer requirements and competitive pricing are among the key factors affecting competition for these products and services. new technologies and solutions could make our products and services obsolete unless we continue to develop new and improved offerings.
significant trends & developments. in february 2019, we announced an agreement to sell our biopharma business to danaher corporation for total consideration of approximately $21.4 billion subject to certain adjustments. in the first quarter of 2019, we classified biopharma as a business held for sale. we expect to complete the sale in the first quarter of 2020, subject to regulatory approval, providing us flexibility and optionality with respect to our remaining healthcare businesses.
effective january 1, 2019, the healthcare equipment finance (hef) financing business within our capital segment was transferred to our healthcare segment and is presented within healthcare systems.
the global healthcare market has continued to expand, driven by macro trends relating to growing and aging populations, increasing chronic and lifestyle-related disease, accelerating demand for healthcare in emerging markets, increasing demand for biologic drugs and insulin, and increasing use of diagnostic imaging. technological innovation that makes it possible to address an increasing number of diseases, conditions and patients in a more cost-effective manner has also driven growth across each of our global markets.
the china market was a source of growth in 2018 in both the public market and private markets. dynamics related to tariffs tempered this growth in 2019. the impact of tariffs on certain types of medical equipment and components that we import from china resulted in increased product costs. we continue to take mitigating actions including moving our sourcing and manufacturing for these parts outside of china. in the u.s., the underlying market remains stable, with a trend toward customers looking for more complete solutions that offer greater capacity and productivity. however, the market continues to face uncertainties driven by the increasing cost of providing healthcare that has led to a trend of increasing hospital and provider consolidation.
the healthcare systems equipment market continues to expand at low single-digit rates or better, while demand continues for services on new equipment as well as on our existing installed base. however, there is short-term variation driven by market-specific political and economic cycles. growth in emerging markets is driven by long-term trends of expanding demand and access to healthcare. developed markets are expected to remain steady in the near term driven by macro trends in the healthcare industry.
the life sciences market, which encompasses bioprocess and pharmaceutical diagnostics, continues to be strong. the bioprocess market is growing at a high single-digit rate, driven by growth in biologic drugs. the pharmaceutical diagnostics business is positioned in the contrast agent and nuclear tracer markets. this market is expected to grow, driven by continued diagnostic imaging procedure growth and increasing contrast and tracer-enhancement of these same procedures, as these products help to increase the precision of the diagnostic information provided to clinicians.
ge 2019 form 10-k md&amp;a   segment operations we continue focusing on creating new products and solutions as well as expanding uses of existing offerings that are tailored to the different needs of our global customers. we strive to introduce technology innovation that enables our customers to improve their patient and operational outcomes as they diagnose, treat and monitor an increasing number of medical conditions and patients. ge senographe pristina with dueta was named to time magazine's list of 2019's best inventions for its patient-assisted mammography exam feature. additionally, we launched revolution maxima ct, the latest addition to the ge revolution family of intelligent ct scanners during the quarter. designed to maximize productivity in the ct workflow, revolution maxima offers a variety of applications and services to improve efficiency, including its new, ai-based auto positioning solution (cleared for sale in all planned major worldwide markets in january 2020).
healthcare systems         $14.6         $14.9         $14.5
segment profit(b)              $3.9          $3.7          $3.5
segment profit margin          19.5   %      18.7   %      18.3   %
(a)   healthcare segment revenues represent 23% and 21% of total industrial segment revenues and total segment revenues, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2019.
(b)   healthcare segment profit represents 37% of total industrial segment profit for the year ended december 31, 2019.
for the year ended december 31, 2019, segment orders were up $0.3 billion (1%), segment revenues were up $0.2 billion (1%) and segment profit was up $0.2 billion (5%).
backlog as of december 31, 2019 increased $1.0 billion (6%) primarily due to an increase in equipment backlog of $0.7 billion primarily driven by healthcare systems.
revenues increased $0.7 billion (3%) organically* due to higher volume in life sciences, driven by biopharma and pharmaceutical diagnostics, as well as higher volume in healthcare systems.
profit increased $0.3 billion (7%) organically* primarily driven by volume growth and cost productivity due to cost reduction actions, including sourcing and logistic initiatives, design engineering and restructuring actions. these increases were partially offset by inflation, the impact of u.s.-china tariffs, and investments in programs including digital product innovations and healthcare systems new product introductions.
*non-gaap financial measure ge 2019 form 10-k md&amp;a   segment operations for the year ended december 31, 2018, segment orders were up $0.5 billion (2%), segment revenues were up $0.8 billion (4%) and segment profit was up $0.2 billion (6%).
orders increased $0.6 billion (3%) organically, primarily due to life sciences up 8%, while healthcare systems was up 1%.
revenues increased $0.9 billion (5%) organically* due to higher volume in healthcare systems, attributable to global growth in imaging and ultrasound in both developed regions such as the u.s. and europe as well as developing regions such as china and emerging markets. volume also increased in life sciences, driven by bioprocess and pharmaceutical diagnostics, partially offset by price pressure at healthcare systems.
profit increased $0.3 billion (8%) organically*, primarily driven by volume growth and cost productivity due to cost reduction actions, including sourcing and logistic initiatives, design engineering and restructuring actions. these increases were partially offset by price pressure at healthcare systems, inflation, investments in programs including digital product innovations and healthcare systems new product introductions and the nonrecurrence of a small gain on the disposition of a non-strategic operation in life sciences.
capital products & services. capital is the financial services division of ge focused on customers and markets aligned with ge's industrial businesses across developed and emerging markets. we provide financial products and services around the globe that build on ge's industry specific expertise in aviation, power, renewables, healthcare and other activities to capitalize on market-specific opportunities. while there are customer benefits and knowledge sharing advantages linking ge's industrial and capital businesses, the financial and operational relationships are maintained with arms-length terms as though the businesses were independent.
ge capital aviation services (gecas) - is an aviation lessor and financier with over 50 years of experience. gecas provides a wide range of assets including narrow- or widebody aircraft, regional jets, turboprops, freighters, engines, helicopters, financing and materials. gecas offers a broad array of financing products and services on these assets including operating leases, sale-leasebacks, asset trading and servicing, and airframe parts management. gecas owns, services or has on order more than 1,700 aircraft and serves approximately 225 customers in 75 countries from a network of 20 offices around the world.
energy financial services (efs) - a global energy investor that provides financial solutions and underwriting capabilities for power and renewable energy to meet rising demand and sustainability imperatives.
industrial finance (if) - its working capital solutions (wcs) business provides working capital services to ge and through december 31, 2018, it also provided healthcare equipment financing.
insurance - refer to the other items - insurance section within md&a for a detailed business description.
competition & regulation. the businesses in which we engage are highly competitive and are subject to competition from various types of financial institutions including banks, equity investors, leasing companies, finance companies associated with manufacturers and insurance and reinsurance companies. for our gecas operations, competition is based on lease rate financing terms, aircraft delivery dates, condition and availability, as well as available capital demand for financing. for our efs operations, competition is primarily based on deal structure and terms. as we compete globally, efs' success is sensitive to project execution and merchant electricity prices, as well as the economic and political environment of each country in which we do business.
the businesses in which we engage are subject to a variety of u.s. federal and state laws and regulations. our insurance operations are regulated by the insurance departments in the states in which they are domiciled or licensed, with the kansas insurance department (kid) being our primary state regulator.
significant trends & developments. in 2018, we announced plans to take actions to make ge capital smaller and more focused, including a substantial reduction in the size of ge capital's efs and if businesses. with respect to this announcement, we completed $15 billion of asset reductions during 2018 and approximately $12 billion of asset reductions during 2019, including approximately $8 billion during the fourth quarter of 2019. in august 2019, we announced that we entered into a definitive agreement for apollo global management, llc and athene holding ltd. to purchase pk airfinance, an aviation lending business, from gecas and we completed the sale of a substantial portion of the business for a small premium in the fourth quarter of 2019. we expect to complete the sale of the remaining assets in the first half of 2020. we continue to evaluate strategic options to accelerate the further reduction in the size of ge capital, some of which could have a material financial charge depending on the timing, negotiated terms and conditions of any ultimate arrangements.
ge capital received $1.5 billion and $2.5 billion in capital contributions from ge in the second quarter and fourth quarter of 2019, respectively.
we annually perform premium deficiency testing in the aggregate across our run-off insurance portfolio. we performed this year's testing in the third quarter of 2019, and, as a result, identified a premium deficiency resulting in a $1.0 billion pre-tax ($0.8 billion after-tax) charge to earnings. see the other items - insurance section within md&a and note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
ge capital made capital contributions to its insurance subsidiaries of $2.0 billion and $1.9 billion in the first quarters of 2020 and 2019, respectively, and expects to provide further capital contributions of approximately $7 billion through 2024. see the capital resources and liquidity section within md&a for further information.
*non-gaap financial measure ge 2019 form 10-k md&amp;a   segment operations effective january 1, 2019, the hef business was transferred from our capital segment to our healthcare segment.
refer to the aviation and gecas 737 max discussion in consolidated results within md&a for information regarding the company's exposure related to the temporary fleet grounding of the boeing 737 max.
total segment assets             $117.5          $119.3
ge capital debt to equity ratio   3.86:1   5.74:1
total segment profit               $(0.5   )     $(0.5   )     $(6.8   )
(a)   capital segment revenues represent 9% of total segment revenues for the year ended december 31, 2019.
(b)   other continuing operations primarily comprised excess interest costs from debt previously allocated to assets that have been sold as part of the ge capital exit plan, preferred stock dividend costs and interest costs not allocated to ge capital segments, which are driven by ge capital's interest allocation process. interest costs are allocated to ge capital segments based on the tenor of their assets using the market rate at the time of origination, which differs from the asset profile when the debt was originated. as a result, actual interest expense is higher than interest expense allocated to the remaining ge capital segments. substantially all preferred stock dividend costs will become a ge obligation in january 2021. see note 16 to the consolidated financial statements for further information. the excess interest costs from debt previously allocated to assets that have been sold are expected to run off by 2020. in addition, we anticipate unallocated interest costs to gradually decline as debt matures and/or is refinanced.
for the year ended december 31, 2019, segment revenues decreased $0.8 billion (8%) and segment losses were flat.
capital revenues decreased primarily due to volume declines and lower gains, partially offset by lower impairments. capital losses were flat primarily due to a $1.0 billion pre-tax charge identified through the completion of our annual insurance premium deficiency review, lower gains, lower tax benefits and volume declines, offset by lower impairments, lower excess interest costs and tax law changes. gains were $0.7 billion and $0.8 billion in 2019 and 2018, respectively, which primarily related to sales of certain gecas aircraft and engines resulting in gains of $0.4 billion and $0.3 billion in 2019 and 2018, respectively, as well as the sale of equity method investments resulting in gains of $0.2 billion in 2019 at efs and the sale of efs' debt origination business and equity investments resulting in gains of $0.4 billion in 2018.
md&amp;a   segment operations for the year ended december 31, 2018, segment revenues increased $0.5 billion (5%) and segment losses decreased $6.3 billion (93%).
capital revenues increased primarily due to lower impairments and volume growth, partially offset by lower gains. capital losses decreased primarily due to the nonrecurrence of the 2017 charges associated with the ge capital insurance premium deficiency review and efs strategic actions, partially offset by the nonrecurrence of 2017 tax benefits.
corporate items and eliminations. corporate items and eliminations is a caption used in the segment operations - summary of reportable segments table to reconcile the aggregated results of our segments to the consolidated results of the company. the corporate items and eliminations amounts related to revenues and earnings include the results of disposed businesses, certain amounts not included in industrial operating segment results because they are excluded from measurement of their operating performance for internal and external purposes and the elimination of inter-segment activities. in addition, the corporate items and eliminations amounts related to earnings include certain costs of our principal retirement plans, restructuring and other costs reported in corporate, and the unallocated portion of certain corporate costs (such as research and development spending and costs related to our global growth organization).
corporate items and eliminations includes the results of our lighting segment and ge digital business for all periods presented.
total corporate items and eliminations                                $(305   )          $673            $433
operating profit (cost)
gains (losses) on disposals and held for sale businesses                 $4            $1,370            $926
restructuring and other charges                                      (1,315   )        (2,952   )      (3,023   )
unrealized gains (losses)(a)                                            793                 -               -
adjusted total corporate operating costs (non-gaap)                  (1,693   )        (1,255   )      (1,701   )
total corporate items and eliminations (gaap)                       $(3,698   )      $(24,973   )     $(4,963   )
less: gains (losses), impairments and restructuring &amp; other      (2,004   )       (23,719   )      (3,262   )
adjusted total corporate operating costs (non-gaap)                 $(1,693   )       $(1,255   )     $(1,701   )
(a) related to mark-to-market impact on our baker hughes shares for 2019. see notes 2, 3 and 19 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
environmental, health &amp; safety (ehs) and other items   (258        )   $169            $297
adjusted total corporate operating costs (non-gaap)        $(1,693     )   $(1,255     )   $(1,701     )
adjusted total corporate operating costs* excludes gains (losses) on disposals and held for sale businesses, restructuring and other charges, unrealized gains (losses) and goodwill impairments. we believe that adjusting corporate costs to exclude the effects of items that are not closely associated with ongoing corporate operations provides management and investors with a meaningful measure that increases the period-to-period comparability of our ongoing corporate costs.
for the year ended december 31, 2019, revenues decreased by $1.0 billion, primarily as the result of the sale of our current business in april 2019.
corporate costs decreased by $21.3 billion primarily as the result of $20.6 billion lower goodwill impairment charges (see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements). corporate costs also decreased due to $0.8 billion of higher net unrealized gains primarily due to our mark-to-market impact on our baker hughes shares in 2019 and $1.6 billion of lower restructuring costs in 2019. these decreases were partially offset by $1.4 billion of lower net gains from disposed or held for sale businesses, which was primarily related to a $0.7 billion gain from the sale of our value-based care business in 2018, a $0.7 billion gain from the sale of our distributed power business in 2018, $0.3 billion gain from the sale of our industrial solutions business in 2018 and a $0.2 billion gain from the sale of our pivotal software investment in 2018. these realized gains were partially offset by $0.3 billion of lower held for sale losses in 2019 primarily related to our lighting and aviation segments and a $0.2 billion gain from the sale of our digital servicemax business in 2019.
adjusted total corporate operating costs* increased by $0.4 billion in 2019 primarily as a result of a $0.2 billion increase in costs associated with existing environmental, health and safety matters in 2019 and $0.2 billion due to the non-recurrence of gains associated with the sale of intangible assets in 2018. in addition, there was $0.1 billion of higher intercompany profit eliminations primarily as the result of $0.2 billion higher volume of spare leap 1-b engines sold from our aviation segment to our gecas business to provide an appropriate level of spare engines available in the market to meet customer needs in anticipation of the boeing 737 max aircraft recertification. these increases were partially offset by $0.1 billion of lower costs due to restructuring and cost out actions in our functions and operating businesses.
*non-gaap financial measure ge 2019 form 10-k md&amp;a   corporate items and eliminations for the year ended december 31, 2018, revenues increased by $0.2 billion, primarily as a result of a $0.4 billion decrease in inter-segment eliminations partially offset by a $0.1 billion decrease in corporate revenues primarily related to our current & lighting segment.
corporate costs increased by $20.0 billion, primarily as a result of $21.0 billion of higher goodwill impairment charges (see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements). these increases were partially offset by $0.4 billion of higher net gains from disposed or held for sale businesses, which is primarily related to the $0.7 billion gain from the sale of our distributed power business in 2018, a $0.7 billion gain from the sale of our value-based care business in 2018, a $0.3 billion gain from the sale of our industrial solutions business in 2018, a $0.2 billion gain from the sale of our pivotal software investment in 2018 and $0.4 billion of lower held for sales losses in 2018 primarily related to our lighting and aviation segments. these realized gains were partially offset by a $1.9 billion gain from the sale of our water business in 2017. corporate costs further decreased due to $0.1 billion of lower restructuring and other charges.
adjusted total corporate operating costs* decreased by $0.4 billion primarily as the result of $0.6 billion of lower costs due to restructuring and cost out actions in our functions and operating businesses. these decreases were partly offset by $0.1 billion of higher intercompany profit eliminations and $0.1 billion of higher ehs and other items in 2018.
restructuring. restructuring actions are essential to our cost improvement efforts for both existing operations and those recently acquired. restructuring and other charges relate primarily to workforce reductions, facility exit costs associated with the consolidation of sales, service and manufacturing facilities, the integration of acquisitions, and certain other asset write-downs such as those associated with product line exits. we continue to closely monitor the economic environment and expect to undertake further restructuring actions to more closely align our cost structure with earnings goals.
workforce reductions                                                   $0.8          $0.9          $1.0
plant closures &amp; associated costs and other asset write-downs       0.3           1.4           1.5
acquisition/disposition net charges                                     0.2           0.6           0.5
total restructuring and other charges                                  $1.3          $3.0          $3.0
total restructuring and other charges             $1.3          $3.0          $3.0
total restructuring and other charges by business      $1.3          $3.0          $3.0
cash expenditures for restructuring and other charges were approximately $1.2 billion, $1.5 billion and $1.5 billion for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
costs and gains not included in segment results. as discussed in the segment operations section within md&a, certain amounts are not included in industrial segment results because they are excluded from measurement of their operating performance for internal and external purposes. these costs relate primarily to goodwill impairment charges, restructuring and acquisition and disposition activities.
costs       gains (losses)
corporate items and eliminations       0.6              1.1              1.5              0.8              (0.3   )          (0.7   )
*non-gaap financial measure ge 2019 form 10-k md&amp;a   other consolidated information other consolidated information interest and other financial charges (in billions)      2019          2018          2017
ge capital                                               2.5           3.0           3.1
the decrease in ge interest and other financial charges for the year ended december 31, 2019 was driven primarily by lower expenses on sales of ge current and long-term receivables as well as the reversal of $0.1 billion of accrued interest on tax liabilities due to the completion of the 2012-2013 internal revenue service (irs) audit in june 2019, partially offset by the $0.3 billion loss resulting from the completion of a tender offer to purchase ge senior notes (including fees and other costs associated with the tender). the primary components of ge interest and other financial charges are interest on short- and long-term borrowings and financing costs on sales of receivables. total ge interest and other financial charges of $1.3 billion and $1.5 billion were recorded at corporate and $0.8 billion and $0.9 billion were recorded by ge segments for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
the decrease in ge capital interest and other financial charges for the year ended december 31, 2019 were primarily due to lower average borrowings balances due to maturities and lower net interest on assumed debt resulting from an increase in intercompany loans to ge which bear the right of offset (see the borrowings section of capital resources and liquidity within md&a for an explanation of assumed debt and right-of-offset loans), partially offset by an increase in average interest rates due to changes in market rates. ge capital average borrowings were $61.8 billion, $78.7 billion and $103.8 billion in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the ge capital average composite effective interest rate (including interest allocated to discontinued operations) was 4.2%, 3.9% and 3.1% in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
postretirement benefit plans. the employee retirement income security act (erisa) determines minimum pension funding requirements in the u.s. we made $6.0 billion in contributions to the ge pension plan in 2018. on an erisa basis, our preliminary estimate is that the ge pension plan was approximately 93% funded at january 1, 2020. the erisa funded status is higher than the gaap funded status (81% funded) primarily because the erisa prescribed interest rate is calculated using an average interest rate. as a result, the erisa interest rate is higher than the year-end gaap discount rate. the higher erisa interest rate lowers pension liabilities for erisa funding purposes. our 2018 contributions satisfied our minimum erisa funding requirement of $1.5 billion and the remaining $4.5 billion was a voluntary contribution to the plan. this voluntary contribution is sufficient to satisfy our minimum erisa funding requirement for 2019 and 2020. in october 2019, we announced our intent to contribute approximately $4 to $5 billion to the ge pension plan in 2020. we expect this amount to equal our estimated future minimum erisa funding requirements at least through 2022.
we expect 2020 postretirement benefit plans cost to be about $3.2 billion, which is a decrease of approximately $0.6 billion from 2019.
we expect to contribute in 2020 approximately $0.5 billion and $0.4 billion to our other pension plans and principal retiree benefit plans, respectively.
the funded status of our postretirement benefit plans and future effects on operating results depend on economic conditions, interest rates and investment performance. see the critical accounting estimates section within md&a and note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our benefit plans, pension actions and the effects of this activity on our financial statements.
provision (benefit) for income taxes      $0.7          $0.1          $(2.8   )
for the year ended december 31, 2019, the consolidated income tax provision was $0.7 billion. the increase in the tax provision for 2019 was primarily due to tax expense associated with the preparatory internal restructuring for the planned biopharma sale and the effect of higher pre-tax income excluding non-deductible impairment charges, partially offset by the benefit from the completion of the irs audit of the 2012-2013 consolidated u.s. income tax returns.
in june 2019, the irs completed the audit of our consolidated u.s. income tax returns for 2012-2013, which resulted in a decrease in our balance of unrecognized tax benefits (i.e., the aggregate tax effect of differences between tax return positions and the benefits recognized in our financial statements). the company recognized a resulting non-cash continuing operations tax benefit of $0.4 billion plus an additional net interest benefit of $0.1 billion. of these amounts, ge recorded $0.4 billion of tax benefits and $0.1 billion of net interest benefits, and ge capital recorded insignificant amounts of tax and net interest benefits. ge capital also recorded a non-cash benefit in discontinued operations of $0.3 billion of tax benefits and an insignificant amount of net interest benefits. see notes 2 and 15 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
ge 2019 form 10-k md&amp;a   other consolidated information for the year ended december 31, 2018, the consolidated income tax provision was $0.1 billion. the effective tax rate was negative for 2018 reflecting a tax expense on a consolidated pre-tax loss. the increase in the consolidated provision for income taxes for 2018 was primarily attributable to the decrease in benefit from global operations including an increase in valuation allowances on non-u.s. deferred tax assets and the decrease in pre-tax loss (excluding non-deductible goodwill impairments) with a tax benefit above the average tax rate. partially offsetting this increase was the decrease in the consolidated provision for income taxes attributable to an insignificant charge in 2018 to adjust the provisional estimate of the impact of the 2017 enactment of u.s. tax reform compared to the $4.5 billion charge in 2017 for the estimated impact of enactment.
absent the effects of u.s. tax reform and non-u.s. losses without a tax benefit, our consolidated income tax provision is generally reduced because of the benefits of lower-taxed global operations. the benefit from non-u.s. rates below the u.s. statutory rate was significant prior to the decrease in the u.s. statutory rate to 21% beginning in 2018. while reduced, there is still generally a benefit as certain non-u.s. income is subject to local country tax rates that are below the new u.s. statutory tax rate.
the rate of tax on our profitable non-u.s. earnings is below the u.s. statutory tax rate because we have significant business operations subject to tax in countries where the tax on that income is lower than the u.s. statutory rate and because ge funds certain non-u.s. operations through foreign companies that are subject to low foreign taxes. most of these earnings have been reinvested in active non-u.s. business operations and as of december 31, 2019, we have not decided to repatriate these earnings to the u.s. given u.s. tax reform, substantially all of our prior unrepatriated earnings were subject to u.s. tax and accordingly we expect to have the ability to repatriate available non-u.s. cash without additional u.s. federal tax cost and any foreign withholding taxes on a repatriation to the u.s. would potentially be partially offset by a u.s. foreign tax credit.
a substantial portion of the benefit for lower-taxed non-u.s. earnings related to business operations subject to tax in countries where the tax on that income is lower than the u.s. statutory rate is derived from our gecas aircraft leasing operations located in ireland where the earnings are taxed at 12.5%, from our power operations located in switzerland where the earnings are taxed at between 9% and 18.6%, and our healthcare operations in europe where tax deductions are allowed for certain intangible assets and earnings are taxed below the historic u.s. statutory rate.
the rate of tax on non-u.s. operations is increased, however, because we also incur losses in foreign jurisdictions where it is not likely that the losses can be utilized and no tax benefit is provided for those losses and valuation allowances against loss carryforwards are provided when it is no longer likely that the losses can be utilized. in addition, as part of u.s. tax reform, the u.s. has enacted a tax on "base eroding" payments from the u.s. we are continuing to undertake restructuring actions to mitigate the impact from this provision. the u.s. has also enacted a minimum tax on foreign earnings (global intangible low tax income). because we have tangible assets outside the u.s. and pay significant foreign taxes, we generally do not expect a significant increase in tax liability from this new u.s. minimum tax. overall, these newly enacted provisions increase the rate of tax on our non-u.s. operations.
benefit/(expense) from global operations (in billions)                     2019          2018          2017
benefit/(expense) of foreign tax rate difference on non-u.s. earnings        $-         $(0.3   )      $0.5
benefit of audit resolutions                                                0.1           0.2             -
total benefit/(expense)                                                   $(1.0   )     $(1.0   )      $3.4
the amounts reported above exclude the impact of u.s. tax reform which is reported as a separate line in the reconciliation of the u.s. federal statutory income tax rate to the actual tax rate in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements.
for the year ended december 31, 2019, the increase in expense from global operations reflects the tax expense associated with the preparatory internal restructuring for the planned biopharma sale and an increase in valuation allowances on non-u.s. deferred tax assets offset by a benefit from change in foreign rate and by a tax benefit from additional guidance on provisions enacted as part of u.s. tax reform.
for the year ended december 31, 2018, the decrease in benefit from lower-taxed global operations reflects the lower u.s. statutory tax rate and losses without tax benefit. the decrease in other benefits reflects increases in incremental valuation allowances on non-u.s. deferred tax assets and for 2018 newly enacted taxes on non-u.s. earnings and the nonrecurrence of 2017 benefits associated with repatriation of foreign earnings.
a more detailed analysis of differences between the u.s. federal statutory rate and the consolidated effective rate, as well as other information about our income tax provisions, is provided in the critical accounting estimates section within md&a and note 15 to the consolidated financial statements. the nature of business activities and associated income taxes differ for ge and for ge capital; therefore, a separate analysis of each is presented in the paragraphs that follow.
ge 2019 form 10-k md&amp;a   other consolidated information ge effective tax rate (excluding ge capital earnings) (dollars in billions)      2019          2018           2017
ge etr, excluding ge capital earnings*                                           72.7   %      (2.3   )%     271.0   %
ge provision for income taxes                                                    $1.3          $0.5           $3.5
for the year ended december 31, 2019, the ge provision for income taxes increased compared to 2018 primarily due to tax expense associated with the preparatory internal restructuring for the planned biopharma sale and the effect of higher pre-tax income excluding non-deductible impairment charges, partially offset by the benefit from the completion of the irs audit of the 2012-2013 consolidated u.s. income tax returns.
for the year ended december 31, 2018, the ge provision for income taxes decreased compared to 2017 because of the nonrecurrence of the $4.9 billion charge for the provisional charge associated with the enactment of u.s. tax reform. excluding the 2017 charge associated with u.s. tax reform, the ge tax provision increased by $1.9 billion. the increase was primarily due to the decrease in benefit from global operations including an increase in valuation allowances on non-u.s. deferred tax assets partially offset by the effect of lower pretax income excluding non-deductible impairment charges.
ge capital effective tax rate (dollars in billions)      2019          2018          2017
ge capital etr                                           89.3   %      99.7   %      49.9   %
ge capital provision (benefit) for income taxes         $(0.6   )     $(0.4   )     $(6.3   )
for the year ended december 31, 2019, the increase in the tax benefit at ge capital from a benefit of $0.4 billion in 2018 to a benefit of $0.6 billion in 2019 is primarily due to a benefit from additional guidance on the transition tax on historic foreign earnings enacted as part of u.s. tax reform, compared to a charge associated with the enactment of u.s. tax reform during 2018.
for the year ended december 31, 2018,  the decrease in the tax benefit at ge capital from a benefit of $6.3 billion in 2017 to a benefit of $0.4 billion in 2018 is primarily due to the decrease in the pre-tax loss with a tax benefit above the average tax rate including the nonrecurrence of the one-time charge to revalue insurance reserves.
research and development. we conduct research and development (r&d) activities to continually enhance our existing products and services, develop new products and services to meet our customers' changing needs and requirements, and address new market opportunities. r&d expenses are classified in cost of goods and services sold in our consolidated statement of earnings (loss). in addition, r&d funding from customers, principally the u.s. government, is recorded as an offset to such costs.
ge funded                        customer and partner funded(b)                                   total r&amp;d
(a) includes global research center and digital.
(b) customer funded is principally u.s. government funded in our aviation segment. r&d funded through consolidated partnerships was immaterial for all periods presented.
discontinued operations. discontinued operations primarily include our baker hughes and transportation segments, our mortgage portfolio in poland, residual assets and liabilities related to our exited u.s. mortgage business (wmc), as discussed in notes 2 and 23 to the consolidated financial statements, and trailing liabilities associated with the sale of our ge capital businesses.
in september 2019, we sold a total of 144.1 million shares in baker hughes for $3.0 billion in cash (net of certain deal related costs) which reduced our ownership interest from 50.2% to 36.8%. as a result, we have deconsolidated our baker hughes segment and reclassified its results to discontinued operations for all periods presented. in addition, as disclosed in prior filings, including our 2018 form 10-k, we expected to record a significant loss upon deconsolidation. in 2019, we recorded a loss of $8.7 billion ($8.2 billion after-tax) in discontinued operations.
in february 2019, as a result of the spin-off and subsequent merger of our transportation business with wabtec, we reclassified our transportation segment to discontinued operations for all periods presented. in the first quarter of 2019, we recorded a gain of $3.5 billion ($2.5 billion after-tax) in discontinued operations. see notes 2 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
*non-gaap financial measure ge 2019 form 10-k md&amp;a   other consolidated information in june 2019, ge capital recorded $0.3 billion of tax benefits and an insignificant amount of net interest benefits due to a decrease in our balance of unrecognized tax benefits. see the consolidated income tax section above and note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
in january 2019, we announced an agreement in principle with the united states to settle the investigation by the u.s. department of justice (doj) regarding potential violations of the financial institutions reform, recovery and enforcement act of 1989 (firrea) by wmc and ge capital, and in april 2019, the parties entered into a definitive settlement agreement. under the agreement, which concludes this investigation, ge, without admitting liability or wrongdoing, paid the united states a civil penalty of $1.5 billion. see note 23 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
the mortgage portfolio in poland (bank bph) comprises floating rate residential mortgages, with approximately 86% of the portfolio indexed to or denominated in foreign currencies (primarily swiss francs) and the remaining 14% denominated in the local currency in poland. at december 31, 2019, the total portfolio had a carrying value of $2.5 billion with a 1.4% 90-day delinquency rate and an average loan to value ratio of approximately 65%. the portfolio is recorded at fair value less cost to sell and includes a $0.3 billion impairment, which reflects our best estimate of the effects of potential legislative relief to borrowers and of ongoing litigation in poland related to foreign currency-denominated mortgages. future adverse developments in the potential for legislative relief or in litigation across the polish banking industry could result in further impairment or other losses related to these loans in future reporting periods. see note 23 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
financial information for discontinued operations (in billions)      2019          2018   2017
see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for further information for our businesses in discontinued operations.
capital resources and liquidity financial policy. we intend to maintain a disciplined financial policy, targeting a sustainable long-term credit rating in the single-a range with a ge industrial net debt*-to-ebitda ratio of less than 2.5x and a dividend in line with our peers over time, as well as a less than 4-to-1 debt-to-equity ratio for ge capital. both ge and ge capital are on track to meet their respective leverage goals in 2020. in addition to net debt*-to-ebitda, we also evaluate other measures, including gross debt-to-ebitda, and we will ultimately size our deleveraging actions across a range of measures to ensure we are operating the company based on a strong balance sheet. we will evaluate additional potential actions based on deleveraging impact, economics, risk mitigation and target capital structure while also monitoring key risks.
liquidity policy. we maintain a strong focus on liquidity and define our liquidity risk tolerance based on sources and uses to maintain a sufficient liquidity position to meet our obligations under both normal and stressed conditions. at both ge and ge capital, we manage our liquidity to provide access to sufficient funding to meet our business needs and financial obligations, as well as capital allocation and growth objectives, throughout business cycles.
consolidated liquidity.  following is a summary of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at december 31, 2019.
ge capital                     18.8   non-u.s.                      21.4
cash held in non-u.s. entities has generally been reinvested in active foreign business operations; however, substantially all of our unrepatriated earnings were subject to u.s. federal tax and, if there is a change in reinvestment, we would expect to be able to repatriate available cash (excluding amounts held in countries with currency controls) without additional federal tax cost. any foreign withholding tax on a repatriation to the u.s. would potentially be partially offset by a u.s. foreign tax credit.
following is an overview of the primary sources of liquidity for ge and ge capital. see the statement of cash flows section within md&a for information regarding ge and ge capital cash flow results.
ge liquidity. ge's primary sources of liquidity consist of cash and cash equivalents, free cash flows from our operating businesses, monetization of receivables, proceeds from announced dispositions, and short-term borrowing facilities. cash generation can be subject to variability based on many factors, including seasonality, receipt of down payments on large equipment orders, timing of billings on long-term contracts, the effects of changes in end markets and our ability to execute dispositions.
ge also has available short-term borrowing facilities to fund its operations, including a commercial paper program, revolving credit facilities and short-term intercompany loans from ge capital, which are generally repaid within the same quarter. see the borrowings section for details of our credit facilities and borrowing activity in our external short-term borrowing facilities.
*non-gaap financial measure ge 2019 form 10-k md&amp;a   capital resources and liquidity ge cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash totaled $17.6 billion at december 31, 2019, including $2.6 billion of cash held in countries with currency control restrictions and $0.5 billion of restricted use cash. cash held in countries with currency controls represents amounts held in countries which may restrict the transfer of funds to the u.s. or limit our ability to transfer funds to the u.s. without incurring substantial costs. restricted use cash represents amounts that are not available to fund operations, and primarily comprised collateral for receivables sold and funds restricted in connection with certain ongoing litigation matters.
ge realized a total of approximately $10.3 billion of disposition proceeds for the year ended december 31, 2019, comprising $4.7 billion in the third quarter of 2019, primarily from the sale of a portion of our stake in baker hughes and our remaining stake in wabtec, $2.2 billion in the second quarter of 2019 primarily from the sale of a portion of our stake in wabtec, and $3.4 billion in the first quarter of 2019 primarily from the completion of the merger of our transportation business with wabtec and the sale of our digital servicemax business.
in the first quarter of 2020, ge expects to receive approximately $20 billion of proceeds from the sale of our biopharma business within our healthcare segment, subject to regulatory approval. ge expects to use these proceeds as well as existing liquidity to repay the remaining $12.2 billion of intercompany loans from ge capital, to contribute approximately $4 to $5 billion to the ge pension plan, which will equal our future minimum erisa funding requirements through at least 2022, and to execute additional deleveraging actions of approximately $5 billion. additionally, ge expects to receive proceeds from an orderly sale of our remaining stake in baker hughes.
ge capital liquidity. ge capital's primary sources of liquidity consist of cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from asset sales and cash flows from our businesses. based on asset and liability management actions we have taken, ge capital does not plan to issue any incremental ge capital senior unsecured term debt until at least 2021. we expect to maintain an adequate liquidity position to fund our insurance obligations and debt maturities primarily as a result of cash flows from our businesses, ge repayments of intercompany loans and capital contributions from ge. see the segment operations - capital section within md&a for further information regarding allocation of ge capital interest expense to the ge capital businesses.
ge capital cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash totaled $18.8 billion at december 31, 2019, including $0.9 billion which was subject to regulatory restrictions, primarily in insurance entities.
ge capital generated proceeds of approximately $12 billion from asset reductions for the year ended december 31, 2019, including $3.6 billion from the sale of a substantial portion of the assets and liabilities of pk airfinance in the fourth quarter of 2019, exceeding our plan to execute total asset reductions of approximately $10 billion in 2019 and our overall $25 billion target, and completing our asset reduction plan. ge capital also received an additional capital contribution of $2.5 billion from ge in the fourth quarter of 2019, totaling $4.0 billion for 2019.
ge capital provided capital contributions to its insurance subsidiaries of $2.0 billion, $1.9 billion and $3.5 billion in the first quarters of 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively, and expects to provide further capital contributions of approximately $7 billion through 2024. these contributions are subject to ongoing monitoring by kid, and the total amount to be contributed could increase or decrease, or the timing could be accelerated, based upon the results of reserve adequacy testing or a decision by kid to modify the schedule of contributions set forth in january 2018. ge maintains specified capital levels at these insurance subsidiaries under capital maintenance agreements. going forward, we anticipate funding any capital needs for insurance through a combination of ge capital liquidity, ge capital asset sales, ge capital future earnings and capital contributions from ge.
borrowings. consolidated total borrowings were $90.9 billion and $103.6 billion at december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018, respectively. the reduction was driven primarily by completion of a tender offer to purchase ge long-term debt of $4.8 billion and net repayments of ge capital debt of $9.5 billion (including $9.3 billion of long-term debt maturities), partially offset by an increase of $0.8 billion in fair value adjustments for ge capital debt in fair value hedge relationships as a result of lower interest rates.
ge industrial net debt* was $47.9 billion and $55.1 billion at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. the reduction was driven primarily by the completion of a tender offer to purchase ge long-term debt of $4.8 billion in the third quarter of 2019 and total repayments of $1.5 billion of intercompany loans from ge capital, as well as a higher ending cash balance.
in 2015, senior unsecured notes and commercial paper were assumed by ge upon its merger with ge capital. under the conditions of the 2015 assumed debt agreement, ge capital agreed to continue making required principal and interest payments on behalf of ge, resulting in the establishment of an intercompany receivable and payable between ge and ge capital. in addition, ge capital has periodically made intercompany loans to ge with maturity terms that mirror the assumed debt. as these loans qualify for right-of-offset presentation, they reduce the assumed debt intercompany receivable and payable between ge and ge capital, as noted in the table below.
*non-gaap financial measure ge 2019 form 10-k md&amp;a   capital resources and liquidity the following table provides a reconciliation of total short- and long-term borrowings as reported on the respective ge and ge capital statements of financial position to borrowings adjusted for assumed debt and intercompany loans:
december 31, 2019 (in billions)                                          ge          ge capital       consolidated(a)
debt assumed by ge from ge capital                                    (31.4   )            31.4       -
intercompany loans with right of offset                                12.2               (12.2   )   -
total intercompany payable (receivable) between ge and ge capital     (19.1   )            19.1       -
total borrowings adjusted for assumed debt and intercompany loans     $32.9               $59.0       $90.9
(a)   included elimination of other ge borrowings from ge capital, primarily related to timing of cash settlements associated with ge receivables monetization programs.
when measuring the individual financial positions of ge and ge capital, assumed debt should be considered a ge capital debt obligation, and the intercompany loans with the right of offset mentioned above should be considered a ge debt obligation and a reduction of ge capital's total debt obligations. the following table illustrates the primary components of ge and ge capital borrowings, adjusted for assumed debt and intercompany loans.
ge (in billions)                       december 31, 2019          december 31,   ge capital (in billions)                        december 31, 2019         december 31, 2018
intercompany loans from ge capital                  12.2                  13.7   senior and subordinated notes assumed by ge                  31.4                      36.3
other ge capital borrowings(a)            3.4                       3.9
total ge capital total ge adjusted borrowings                       $32.9                 $39.7   adjusted borrowings                                         $59.0                     $65.5
(a) included $1.7 billion and $1.9 billion at december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018, respectively, of non-recourse borrowings of consolidated securitization entities where ge capital has securitized financial assets as an alternative source of funding.
the intercompany loans from ge capital to ge bear the right of offset against amounts owed by ge capital to ge under the assumed debt agreement and can be prepaid by ge at any time, in whole or in part, without premium or penalty. these loans are priced at market terms and have a collective weighted average interest rate of 3.5% and term of approximately 11.7 years at december 31, 2019. in 2019, ge repaid a total of $1.5 billion of intercompany loans from ge capital.
ge has in place committed credit lines which it may use from time to time to meet its short-term liquidity needs. the following table provides a summary of committed and available credit lines.
ge committed and available credit facilities (in billions)       december 31, 2019       december 31, 2018
unused back-up revolving credit facility                             $20.0                   $20.0
revolving credit facilities (exceeding one year)                      18.9                    23.9
bilateral revolving credit facilities (364-day)                        3.1                     3.6
total committed credit facilities                                    $42.0                   $47.5
less offset provisions                                                 6.7                     6.7
total net available credit facilities                                $35.3                   $40.8
included in our credit facilities is an unused $20.0 billion back-up revolving syndicated credit facility extended by 36 banks, expiring in 2021, and an unused $14.8 billion revolving syndicated credit facility extended by six banks, expiring on december 31, 2020. the commitments under these syndicated credit facilities may be reduced by up to $6.7 billion due to offset provisions for any bank that holds a commitment to lend under both facilities.
ge 2019 form 10-k md&amp;a   capital resources and liquidity the amount committed and available under the syndicated credit facility expiring on december 31, 2020 will periodically be reduced by the greater of specified contractual commitment reductions or calculated commitment reductions, which is determined based on any potential specified issuances of equity and incurrences of incremental debt by ge or its subsidiaries, as well as a portion of industrial business disposition proceeds. in the first quarter of 2019, the amount committed and available under this facility was reduced by the calculated commitment reduction of $5.0 billion to $14.8 billion. pursuant to an amendment entered into in the first quarter 2019, further commitment reductions (other than those related to incremental debt issuances or equity issuances) are deferred until the earlier of the closing of the biopharma transaction or september 30, 2020. if the biopharma transaction closes prior to june 30, 2020, the commitments under the facility are reduced by the greater of $7.4 billion or the calculated commitment reductions through the biopharma closing date (including all deferred reductions). if the biopharma transaction closes on or after june 30, 2020, the commitments under the facility are reduced by the greater of $9.9 billion or the calculated commitment reductions through the biopharma closing date (including all deferred reductions). the $20.0 billion syndicated back-up revolving credit facility expiring in 2021 does not contain any contractual commitment reduction features.
under the terms of an agreement between ge capital and ge, ge capital has the right to compel ge to borrow under all credit facilities except the syndicated facility expiring on december 31, 2020 and transfer the proceeds to ge capital as intercompany loans, which would be subject to the same terms and conditions as those between ge and the lending banks. ge capital has not exercised this right.
the following table provides a summary of the activity in the primary external sources of short-term borrowings for ge in the fourth quarters of 2019 and 2018.
(in billions)                                                ge commercial paper         revolving credit facilities         total
total average and maximum borrowings in the table above are calculated based on the daily outstanding balance of the sum of commercial paper and revolving credit facilities.
the reduction in total ge average and maximum short-term borrowings during the fourth quarter of 2019 compared to the fourth quarter of 2018 was driven by holding higher cash balances and improvements in our global funding and cash management operations.
in addition to its external liquidity sources, ge may from time to time enter into short-term intercompany loans from ge capital to utilize ge capital's excess cash as an efficient source of liquidity. these loans are repaid within the same quarter. no such loans were made in 2019. ge capital did not issue any commercial paper or draw on any revolving credit facilities in 2019.
credit ratings and conditions. we have relied, and may continue to rely, on the short- and long-term debt capital markets to fund, among other things, a significant portion of our operations. the cost and availability of debt financing is influenced by our credit ratings. moody's investors service (moody's), standard and poor's global ratings (s&p), and fitch ratings (fitch) currently issue ratings on ge and ge capital short- and long-term debt. the credit ratings of ge and ge capital as of the date of this filing are set forth in the table below.
moody's   s&amp;p   fitch ge outlook      stable    stable    negative short term   p-2       a-2       f2
ge capital outlook      stable    stable    negative short term   p-2       a-2       f2
there were no changes in ge or ge capital ratings from the end of the first quarter of 2019 through the date of this filing.
we are disclosing our credit ratings and any current quarter updates to these ratings to enhance understanding of our sources of liquidity and the effects of our ratings on our costs of funds. our ratings may be subject to a revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization, and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. for a description of some of the potential consequences of a reduction in our credit ratings, see the financial risks section of risk factors in this report.
ge 2019 form 10-k md&amp;a   capital resources and liquidity the following table provides a summary of the estimated potential liquidity impact in the event of further downgrades with regards to the most significant contractual credit ratings conditions of the company based on their proximity to our current ratings.
the timing within the quarter of the potential liquidity impact of these areas may differ, as described in the following sections which provide additional details regarding the significant credit rating conditions of the company.
debt conditions. substantially all of our debt agreements do not contain material credit rating covenants. if our short-term credit ratings were to fall below a-2/p-2/f2, it is possible that we would lose all or part of our access to the tier-2 commercial paper markets, which would reduce our borrowing capacity in those markets. this may result in increased utilization of our revolving credit facilities to fund our intra-quarter operations.
derivative conditions. swap, forward and option contracts are executed under standard master agreements that typically contain mutual downgrade provisions that provide the ability of the counterparty to require termination if the credit ratings of the applicable ge entity were to fall below specified ratings levels agreed upon with the counterparty, primarily bbb/baa2. our master agreements also typically contain provisions that provide termination rights upon the occurrence of certain other events, such as a bankruptcy or events of default by one of the parties. if an agreement was terminated under any of these circumstances, the termination amount payable would be determined on a net basis and could also take into account any collateral posted. the net amount of our derivative liability subject to such termination provisions, after consideration of collateral posted by us and outstanding interest payments was $0.2 billion at december 31, 2019. this excludes exposure related to embedded derivatives, which are not subject to these provisions.
in addition, certain of our derivatives, primarily interest rate swaps, are subject to additional cash margin posting requirements if our credit ratings were to fall below bbb/baa2. the amount of additional margin will vary based on, among other factors, market movements and changes in our positions. at december 31, 2019, the amount of additional margin that we could be required to post if we fell below these ratings levels was approximately $0.5 billion.
see note 21 to the consolidated financial statements for further information about our risk exposures, our use of derivatives, and the effects of this activity on our financial statements.
other conditions. where we provide servicing for third-party investors under certain of our receivable sales programs, ge is contractually permitted to commingle cash collected from customers on financing receivables sold to third-party investors with our own cash prior to payment to third-party investors, provided our short-term credit rating does not fall below a-2/p-2/f2. in the event any of our ratings were to fall below such levels, we may be required to segregate certain of these cash collections owed to third-party investors into restricted bank accounts and would lose the short-term liquidity benefit of commingling with respect to such collections. the financial impact to our intra-quarter liquidity would vary based on collections activity for a given quarter and may result in increased utilization of our revolving credit facilities. the loss of cash commingling would have resulted in an estimated maximum reduction of approximately $0.3 billion to ge intra-quarter liquidity during the fourth quarter of 2019.
in addition, we have relied, and may continue to rely, on securitization programs to provide alternative funding for sales of ge receivables to third-party investors. if any of our short-term credit ratings were to fall below a-2/p-2/f2, the timing or amount of liquidity generated by these programs could be adversely impacted. in the fourth quarter of 2019, the estimated maximum reduction to our ending liquidity had our credit ratings fallen below these levels was approximately $1.1 billion.
foreign exchange and interest rate risks. as a result of our global operations, we generate and incur a significant portion of our revenues and expenses in currencies other than the u.s. dollar. such principal currencies include the euro, the australian dollar, the brazilian real and the chinese renminbi, among others. the effects of foreign currency fluctuations on earnings, excluding the earnings impact of the underlying hedged item, was less than $0.1 billion, $0.3 billion, and $0.1 billion for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. this analysis excludes any offsetting effect from the forecasted future transactions that are economically hedged.
ge 2019 form 10-k md&amp;a   capital resources and liquidity exchange rate and interest rate risks are managed with a variety of techniques, including selective use of derivatives. we apply policies to manage each of these risks, including prohibitions on speculative activities. following is an analysis of the potential effects of changes in interest rates and currency exchange rates.
•   it is our policy to minimize exposure to interest rate changes and their impact to interest and other financial charges. we fund our financial investments using a combination of debt and hedging instruments so that the interest rates of our borrowings match the expected interest rate profile on our assets. it is our policy to minimize currency exposures and to conduct operations either within functional currencies or using the protection of hedge strategies. to test the effectiveness of our hedging actions, for interest rate risk we assumed that, on january 1, 2020, interest rates decreased by 100 basis points and the decrease remained in place for the next 12 months and for currency risk of assets and liabilities denominated in other than their functional currencies, we evaluated the effect of a 10% shift in exchange rates against the u.s. dollar. the analyses indicated that our 2019 consolidated net earnings would decline by less than $0.1 billion for interest rate risk and approximately $0.1 billion for foreign exchange risk.
libor reform. in connection with the potential transition away from the use of the london interbank offered rate (libor) as an interest rate benchmark, we are currently in the process of identifying and managing the potential impact to the company. the majority of the company's exposure to libor relates to debt securities issued by ge capital, for which contractual fallback language exists, as well as preferred stock issued by ge, substantially all of which converts to libor in january 2021. additionally, with respect to our derivatives portfolio, we will review industry-wide libor reform efforts and expect that such efforts will provide guidance on how to manage the transition from libor for derivatives.
statement of cash flows - overview from 2017 through 2019. we manage the cash flow performance of our industrial and financial services businesses separately. we therefore believe it is useful to report separate ge and ge capital columns in our statement of cash flows because it enables us and our investors to evaluate the cash from operating activities of our industrial businesses (the principal source of cash generation for our industrial businesses) separately from the cash flows of our financial services business, as well as to evaluate the cash flows between our industrial businesses and ge capital.
in preparing our statement of cash flows, we make certain adjustments to reflect cash flows that cannot otherwise be calculated by changes in our statement of financial position. these adjustments may include, but are not limited to, the effects of currency exchange, acquisitions and dispositions of businesses, businesses classified as held for sale, the timing of settlements to suppliers for property, plant and equipment, non-cash gains/losses and other balance sheet reclassifications.
all other operating activities reflect cash sources and uses as well as non-cash adjustments to net earnings (loss). see note 24 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding all other operating activities, all other investing activities and all other financing activities for both ge and ge capital.
the following investing and financing activities affected recognized assets or liabilities but did not result in cash receipts or payments in 2019: the ownership interest received and tax benefits receivable as a result of the spin-off and subsequent merger of our transportation segment with wabtec; our retained ownership interest in baker hughes; additional non-cash deferred purchase price received by ge capital related to sales of current receivables; and right-of-use assets obtained in operating leases. see notes 2, 4 and 7, respectively, to the consolidated financial statements.
see the intercompany transactions between ge and ge capital section within md&a and notes 4 and 25 to the consolidated financial statements for further information regarding certain transactions affecting our consolidated statement of cash flows.
ge cash flows from continuing operations. the most significant source of cash in ge cfoa is customer-related activities, the largest of which is collecting cash resulting from product or services sales. the most significant operating use of cash is to pay our suppliers, employees, tax authorities, contribute to post retirement plans and pay others for a wide range of material, services and taxes.
ge measures itself on a ge industrial free cash flows* basis. this metric includes ge cfoa plus investments in property, plant and equipment and additions to internal-use software; this metric excludes any dividends received from ge capital and any cash received from dispositions of property, plant and equipment. we believe that investors may also find it useful to compare ge's industrial free cash flows* performance without the effects of cash used for taxes related to business sales and contributions to the ge pension plan. we believe that this measure better allows management and investors to evaluate the capacity of our industrial operations to generate free cash flows.
*non-gaap financial measure ge 2019 form 10-k md&amp;a   capital resources and liquidity
add: gross additions to property, plant and equipment         (277        )           (455            )                (1,031     )              (395     )         (59                     )                (2,216      )
add: gross additions to internal-use software                 (46         )           (14             )                  (107     )               (79     )         (28                     )                  (274      )
less: taxes related to business sales                         -                       -                                     -                       -               (198                    )                  (198      )
add: gross additions to property, plant and equipment         (358        )                    (297       )            (1,070     )              (378     )                          (131           )        (2,234      )
add: gross additions to internal-use software                 (66         )                     (11       )               (73     )               (90     )                           (67           )          (306      )
less: taxes related to business sales                         -                                   -                         -                       -                                (180           )          (180      )
ge cash from operating activities was $4.6 billion in 2019 compared with $0.7 billion in 2018 (including $0.3 billion and $0.5 billion cash received for baker hughes class b shareholder dividends in 2019 and 2018, respectively). the $3.9 billion increase was primarily due to: the nonrecurrence of ge pension plan contributions of $6.0 billion in 2018 (which are excluded from ge industrial free cash flows*); a decrease in payments of equipment project cost accruals of $0.6 billion; a net decrease in payments of aviation-related customer allowance accruals of $0.4 billion; and an increase in cash generated from contract & other deferred assets of $0.1 billion, primarily due to higher billings on our long-term service agreements, partially offset by lower liquidations of deferred inventory.
these increases in cash were partially offset by: an increase in cash used for working capital of $2.6 billion; and an increase in cash paid for income taxes of $0.6 billion.
the increase in cash used for working capital was due to: an increase in cash used for current receivables of $2.9 billion, primarily driven by lower sales of receivables and receivables growth resulting from the 737 max grounding; a decrease in cash from accounts payable of $0.9 billion; and higher inventory build of $0.5 billion, mainly as a result of the expected timing of deliveries in 2020. these increases in cash used for working capital were partially offset by higher progress collections of $1.8 billion, mainly as a result of higher utilization of collections in 2018, including the impact of the timing of progress collections received in the fourth quarter of 2017.
as discussed in the aviation and gecas 737 max section within the consolidated results section of md&a, the 737 max grounding had an adverse net effect on ge cfoa of approximately $1.4 billion in 2019. within aviation, this effect was more than offset by: higher commercial aftermarket earnings and higher long-term service agreement billings of $0.6 billion; cash receipts from contract modifications of $0.3 billion; a new spare parts distribution deal for a legacy engine program of $0.3 billion; and lower customer allowance payments of $0.4 billion as discussed above. other aviation working capital cash flows, excluding the impact of the 737 max grounding, largely offset.
ge cash from investing activities was $4.1 billion in 2019 compared with $3.1 billion in 2018. the $0.9 billion increase was primarily due to: proceeds from the spin-off of our transportation business of $6.2 billion (including the secondary offerings of wabtec common stock shares in the second and third quarters of 2019), the sale of a portion of our stake in baker hughes of $3.0 billion and from other business dispositions in aviation, corporate and power (net of cash transferred) of $1.1 billion in 2019, compared with total proceeds of $6.0 billion in 2018, primarily from the sale of businesses at power and healthcare; a decrease in net cash paid for settlements of derivative hedges of $0.9 billion; the nonrecurrence of the purchase of an aviation technology joint venture of $0.6 billion in 2018; partially offset by the 2019 capital contribution to ge capital of $4.0 billion; business acquisitions of $0.4 billion, primarily related to the transfer of the hef business from ge capital to our healthcare segment in 2019; and an increase in cash used related to net settlements between our continuing operations and discontinued operations of $0.4 billion. cash used for additions to property, plant and equipment and internal-use software, which is a component of ge industrial free cash flows*, was $2.5 billion in both 2019 and 2018.
*non-gaap financial measure ge 2019 form 10-k md&amp;a   capital resources and liquidity ge cash used for financing activities was $7.7 billion in 2019 compared with cash from financing activities of $1.5 billion in 2018. the $9.1 billion increase in cash used was primarily due to: the nonrecurrence of intercompany loans from ge capital to ge of $6.5 billion in 2018 (including $6.0 billion to fund contributions to the ge pension plan); completion of a tender offer to purchase ge long-term debt of $4.8 billion in 2019; the nonrecurrence of dispositions of noncontrolling interests in baker hughes of $4.4 billion in 2018; the repayment of ge capital intercompany loans by ge of $1.5 billion in 2019; partially offset by a decrease in common dividends paid to shareholders of $3.8 billion; and the nonrecurrence of the acquisition of alstom's interest in grid technology, renewable energy, and global nuclear and french steam power joint ventures for $3.1 billion in 2018.
ge cash from operating activities was $0.7 billion in 2018 compared with $11.5 billion in 2017 (including $0.5 billion and $0.3 billion cash received for baker hughes class b shareholder dividends in 2018 and 2017, respectively). the $10.8 billion decrease was primarily due to: an increase in ge pension plan contributions (which are excluded from ge industrial free cash flows*) of $4.3 billion; the nonrecurrence of common dividends received from ge capital (which are excluded from ge industrial free cash flows*) of $4.0 billion in 2017; an increase in cash used for working capital of $3.4 billion; and an increase in payments of equipment project cost accruals of $0.7 billion.
these decreases in cash were partially offset by: a decrease in cash used for contract & other deferred assets of $1.2 billion, primarily due to the timing of revenue recognized relative to the timing of billings and collections on our long-term equipment agreements and lower cash used for deferred inventory; and a decrease in cash paid for income taxes of $0.8 billion.
the increase in cash used for working capital was due to: lower progress collections of $2.4 billion, mainly as a result of net utilization in 2018, including the impact of the timing of progress collections received in the fourth quarter of 2017; an increase in cash used for current receivables of $2.0 billion, primarily driven by lower sales of receivables; and higher inventory build of $0.7 billion, mainly as a result of expected deliveries in 2019. these increases in cash used for working capital were partially offset by an increase in cash from accounts payable of $1.6 billion, primarily driven by inventory build and improved payment terms.
ge cash from investing activities was $3.1 billion in 2018 compared with cash used for investing activities of $11.7 billion in 2017. the increase in cash of $14.9 billion was primarily due to: a decrease in cash used related to net settlements between our continuing operations and discontinued operations of $6.6 billion, primarily related to funding in the first half of 2017 in order to complete the baker hughes acquisition; an increase in proceeds from business dispositions (net of cash transferred) of $3.0 billion, primarily from the sale of businesses at power and healthcare; a decrease in cash used for business acquisitions (net of cash acquired) of $2.7 billion, primarily driven by the acquisitions of lm wind power and servicemax in 2017; lower cash used for additions to property, plant and equipment and internal-use software (which is a component of ge industrial free cash flows*) of $1.3 billion; and the provision of a promissory note to baker hughes in the third quarter of 2017 of $1.1 billion; partially offset by the purchase of an aviation technology joint venture of $0.6 billion in 2018.
ge cash from financing activities was $1.5 billion in 2018 compared with $1.9 billion in 2017. the $0.4 billion decrease was primarily due to: a decrease in net borrowings of $7.9 billion, mainly as a result of the issuance of long-term euro debt, primarily to fund acquisitions in 2017; and the acquisition of alstom's interest in grid technology, renewable energy, and global nuclear and french steam power joint ventures for $3.1 billion in 2018. these decreases in cash were partially offset by: a decrease in common dividends paid to shareholders of $4.2 billion; an increase in dispositions of noncontrolling interests in baker hughes of $4.1 billion; and a decrease in net repurchases of ge treasury shares of $2.5 billion.
ge cash flows from discontinued operations. ge cash used for operating activities of discontinued operations was an insignificant amount in 2019 compared with cash generated of $2.1 billion in 2018. the $2.1 billion decrease was primarily as a result of the dispositions of baker hughes in the third quarter of 2019 and our transportation segment in the first quarter of 2019, due to the nonrecurrence of operating cash generated in 2018, primarily in the fourth quarter.
ge cash used for investing activities of discontinued operations was $3.4 billion in 2019 compared with $0.7 billion in 2018. the $2.8 billion increase in cash used was primarily due to the deconsolidation of baker hughes cash of $3.1 billion as a result of the reduction in our ownership interest in the third quarter of 2019.
ge cash used for financing activities of discontinued operations was $0.4 billion in 2019 compared with $4.5 billion in 2018. the $4.1 billion decrease of cash used was primarily due to: the nonrecurrence of baker hughes share repurchases of $2.5 billion in 2018; and an increase in baker hughes borrowings of $0.3 billion in 2019 compared with net repayments of baker hughes borrowings of $1.1 billion in 2018.
ge cash from operating activities of discontinued operations was $2.1 billion in 2018 compared with cash used of $0.2 billion in 2017. the $2.2 billion increase in cash was primarily as a result of better operating performance at baker hughes.
ge cash used for investing activities of discontinued operations was $0.7 billion in 2018 compared with cash generated of $2.3 billion in 2017. the $3.0 billion increase in cash used was primarily due to: a decrease in net cash received from continuing operations of $6.6 billion, primarily related to funding in the first half of 2017 in order to complete the baker hughes acquisition; partially offset by the nonrecurrence of net cash paid for the baker hughes acquisition of $3.4 billion in 2017.
*non-gaap financial measure ge 2019 form 10-k md&amp;a   capital resources and liquidity ge cash used for financing activities of discontinued operations was $4.5 billion in 2018 compared with cash generated of $3.5 billion in 2017. the $8.0 billion increase in cash used was primarily due to: net repayments of baker hughes borrowings of $1.1 billion in 2018 compared with net new debt of $4.7 billion in 2017, including the issuance of long-term debt of $4.0 billion and a promissory note received from ge of $1.1 billion; and an increase in baker hughes share repurchases of $2.0 billion.
ge capital cash flows from continuing operations. ge capital cash from operating activities was $1.9 billion in 2019 compared with $1.6 billion in 2018. the increase of $0.3 billion was primarily due to: a net increase in cash collateral received and settlements paid from counterparties on derivative contracts of $2.0 billion; partially offset by a general decrease in cash generated from earnings (loss) from continuing operations.
ge capital cash from investing activities was $9.5 billion in 2019 compared with $11.8 billion in 2018. the decrease of $2.3 billion was primarily due to: lower collections of financing receivables of $6.6 billion; an increase of net purchases of investment securities of $4.2 billion; lower net sales of equity investments of $3.1 billion; and an increase in cash used related to net settlements between our continuing operations (primarily our corporate function) and businesses in discontinued operations (primarily wmc) of $2.4 billion; partially offset by the nonrecurrence of intercompany loans from ge capital to ge of $6.5 billion in 2018; an increase in cash related to our current receivables and supply chain finance programs with ge of $4.4 billion; higher proceeds from business dispositions $1.9 billion; and the repayment of ge capital intercompany loans by ge of $1.5 billion in 2019.
ge capital cash used for financing activities was $7.0 billion in 2019 compared with $23.9 billion in 2018. the decrease of $16.9 billion was primarily due to lower net repayments of borrowings of $11.4 billion; a capital contribution from ge to ge capital of $4.0 billion; and lower cash settlements on derivatives hedging foreign currency debt of $1.4 billion.
ge capital cash from operating activities was $1.6 billion in 2018 compared with $2.4 billion in 2017. the decrease of $0.8 billion was primarily due to: a net increase in cash collateral and settlements paid to counterparties on derivative contracts of $1.5 billion; partially offset by a general increase in cash generated from earnings (loss) from continuing operations.
ge capital cash from investing activities was $11.8 billion in 2018 compared with $8.2 billion in 2017. the increase of $3.5 billion was primarily due to: higher collections of financing receivables of $7.1 billion and proceeds from the sales of efs' debt origination business and efs equity investments of $6.1 billion in 2018; partially offset by a decrease in net investment securities of $4.6 billion: $2.5 billion in 2018 compared with $7.1 billion in 2017; an increase in net additions to property, plant and equipment of $1.6 billion; net proceeds from sales of discontinued operations of an insignificant amount in 2018 compared with $1.5 billion in 2017; an increase in net intercompany loans from ge capital to ge of $6.5 billion in 2018 compared with $5.9 billion in 2017 and a general reduction in funding related to discontinued operations.
ge capital cash used for financing activities was $23.9 billion in 2018 compared with $23.6 billion in 2017. the increase of $0.3 billion was primarily due to: higher net repayments of borrowings of $21.1 billion in 2018 compared with $19.0 billion in 2017 and a net increase in derivative cash settlements paid of $2.0 billion partially offset by no ge capital common dividends paid to ge in 2018 compared with $4.0 billion in 2017.
intercompany transactions between ge and ge capital. transactions between related companies are made on arm's length terms and are reported in the ge and ge capital columns of our financial statements, which we believe provide useful supplemental information to our consolidated financial statements. see note 25 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
sales of receivables. in order to manage short-term liquidity and credit exposure, ge may sell current customer receivables to ge capital and other third parties. these transactions are made on arm's length terms and any discount related to time value of money, is recognized within the respective ge industrial business in the period these receivables were sold to ge capital or third parties. see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
supply chain finance programs. ge facilitates voluntary supply chain finance programs with third parties which provide participating ge suppliers the opportunity to sell their ge receivables to third parties at the sole discretion of both the suppliers and the third parties. the terms of these programs do not alter ge's obligations to its suppliers which arise from independently negotiated contractual supply agreements. ge's obligation remains limited to making payment on its supplier invoices on the terms originally negotiated with its suppliers, regardless of whether the supplier sells its receivable to a third party. ge has guaranteed the program providers that its participating affiliates will pay their supplier invoices on the terms originally negotiated with their suppliers.
at december 31, 2019 and 2018, included in ge's accounts payable is $2.4 billion and $0.4 billion, respectively, of supplier invoices that are subject to the third-party programs. ge accounts for all payments made under the programs as reductions to cfoa. total ge supplier invoices paid through these third-party programs were $1.4 billion and an insignificant amount for the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
ge 2019 form 10-k md&amp;a   capital resources and liquidity previously, ge capital operated a supply chain finance program for suppliers to ge's industrial businesses. under that program, ge capital may settle ge's industrial businesses supplier invoices early in return for early pay discounts. in turn, ge settled invoices with ge capital in accordance with the original supplier payment terms. on february 28, 2019, ge capital sold the program platform to mufg union bank, n.a. (mufg) and is transitioning ge's suppliers to a mufg supply chain finance program. information for suppliers which have already transitioned from ge capital to mufg is included within the third-party supply chain finance program data presented above. for the year ended december 31, 2019, there was not a significant effect on ge cfoa related to the mufg transition.
the ge funded participation in the ge capital program will continue to be settled following the original invoice payment terms with an expectation that the transition be completed by the end of 2020. the ge liability associated with the funded participation in the program is presented as accounts payable and amounted to $2.1 billion and $4.4 billion at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
ge capital finance transactions. during the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, ge capital acquired from third parties 51 aircraft with a list price totaling $6.4 billion and 64 aircraft with a list price totaling $7.8 billion, respectively, that will be leased to others and are powered by engines manufactured by ge aviation and affiliates. ge capital also made payments to ge aviation and affiliates related to spare engines and engine parts of $0.7 billion and $0.4 billion, which included $0.6 billion and $0.2 billion to cfm international, during the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. additionally, ge capital had $2.0 billion and $1.2 billion of net book value of engines, originally manufactured by ge aviation and affiliates and subsequently leased back to ge aviation and affiliates at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
also, during the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, ge recognized equipment revenues of $1.6 billion and $1.0 billion, respectively, from customers within our power and renewable energy segments in which ge capital has been an investee or is committed to be an investee in the underlying projects.
for certain of these investments, in order to meet its underwriting criteria, ge capital may obtain a direct guarantee from ge related to the performance of the third party. ge guarantees include direct performance or payment guarantees, return on investment guarantees and asset value guarantees. as of december 31, 2019, ge had outstanding guarantees to ge capital on $0.9 billion of funded exposure and $1.0 billion of unfunded commitments, which included guarantees issued by industrial businesses. the recorded contingent liability for these guarantees was insignificant as of december 31, 2019 and is based on individual transaction level defaults, losses and/or returns.
contractual obligations. as defined by reporting regulations, our contractual obligations for estimated future payments as of december 31, 2019, follow.
insurance liabilities (note 12)                            39.7           2.4               4.1               4.1                29.0
other liabilities(c)                                       45.3          10.1               6.7               5.1                23.4
(a)   included all take-or-pay arrangements, capital expenditures, contractual commitments to purchase equipment that will be leased to others, software acquisition/license commitments, and other purchase commitments.
(b)   excluded funding commitments entered into in the ordinary course of business. see notes 23 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on these commitments and other guarantees.
(c)   included an estimate of future expected funding requirements related to our postretirement benefit plans and included liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits. because their future cash outflows are uncertain, the following non-current liabilities are excluded from the table above: derivatives, deferred income and other sundry items. see notes 13, 15 and 21 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on certain of these items.
(d)   included payments for other liabilities.
critical accounting estimates. accounting estimates and assumptions discussed in this section are those that we consider to be the most critical to an understanding of our financial statements because they involve significant judgments and uncertainties. see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on our most significant accounting policies.
revenue recognition on long-term services agreements. we have long-term service agreements with our customers predominately within our power and aviation segments that require us to maintain the customers' assets over the contract terms, which generally range from 5 to 25 years. however, contract modifications that extend or revise contracts are not uncommon. we recognize revenue as we perform under the arrangements using the percentage of completion method which is based on our costs incurred to date relative to our estimate of total expected costs. this requires us to make estimates of customer payments expected to be received over the contract term as well as the costs to perform required maintenance services.
ge 2019 form 10-k md&amp;a   critical accounting estimates customers generally pay us based on the utilization of the asset (per hour of usage for example) or upon the occurrence of a major event within the contract such as an overhaul. as a result, a significant estimate in determining expected revenues of a contract is estimating how customers will utilize their assets over the term of the agreement. the estimate of utilization, which can change over the contract life, impacts both the amount of customer payments we expect to receive and our estimate of future contract costs. customers' asset utilization will influence the timing and extent of overhauls and other service events over the life of the contract. we generally use a combination of both historical utilization trends as well as forward-looking information such as market conditions and potential asset retirements in developing our revenue estimates.
to develop our cost estimates, we consider the timing and extent of future maintenance and overhaul events, including the amount and cost of labor, spare parts and other resources required to perform the services. in developing our cost estimates, we utilize a combination of our historical cost experience and expected cost improvements. cost improvements are only included in future cost estimates after savings have been observed in actual results or proven effective through an extensive regulatory or engineering approval process.
we routinely review estimates under long-term services agreements and regularly revise them to adjust for changes in outlook. these revisions are based on objectively verifiable information that is available at the time of the review. contract modifications that change the rights and obligations, as well as the nature, timing and extent of future cash flows, are evaluated for potential price concessions, contract asset impairments and significant financing to determine if adjustments of earnings are required before effectively accounting for modified contract as a new contract.
we regularly assess expected billings adjustments and customer credit risk inherent in the carrying amounts of receivables and contract assets, including the risk that contractual penalties may not be sufficient to offset our accumulated investment in the event of customer termination. we gain insight into future utilization and cost trends, as well as credit risk, through our knowledge of the installed base of equipment and the close interaction with our customers that comes with supplying critical services and parts over extended periods. revisions may affect a long-term services agreement's total estimated profitability resulting in an adjustment of earnings.
on december 31, 2019, our net long-term service agreements balance of $5.1 billion represents approximately 2.9% of our total estimated life of contract billings of $176.7 billion. our contracts (on average) are approximately 22.2% complete based on costs incurred to date and our estimate of future costs. revisions to our estimates of future billings or costs that increase or decrease total estimated contract profitability by one percentage point would increase or decrease the long-term service agreements balance by $0.4 billion. cash billings collected on these contracts were $11.5 billion and $10.2 billion during the years ended december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
see notes 1 and 9 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
impairment of goodwill and other identified intangible assets. during 2019, and in order to improve alignment of our annual goodwill impairment testing and strategic planning process, we changed our annual testing date from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. we determine fair value for each of the reporting units using the market approach, when available and appropriate, or the income approach, or a combination of both. we assess the valuation methodology based upon the relevance and availability of the data at the time we perform the valuation. if multiple valuation methodologies are used, the results are weighted appropriately.
valuations using the market approach are derived from metrics of publicly traded companies or historically completed transactions of comparable businesses. the selection of comparable businesses is based on the markets in which the reporting units operate giving consideration to risk profiles, size, geography, and diversity of products and services. a market approach is limited to reporting units for which there are publicly traded companies that have the characteristics similar to our businesses.
under the income approach, fair value is determined based on the present value of estimated future cash flows, discounted at an appropriate risk-adjusted rate. we use our internal forecasts to estimate future cash flows and include an estimate of long-term future growth rates based on our most recent views of the long-term outlook for each business. actual results may differ from those assumed in our forecasts. we derive our discount rates using a capital asset pricing model and analyzing published rates for industries relevant to our reporting units to estimate the cost of equity financing. we use discount rates that are commensurate with the risks and uncertainty inherent in the respective businesses and in our internally developed forecasts. discount rates used in our annual reporting unit valuations ranged from 8.9% to 22.0%.
estimating the fair value of reporting units requires the use of significant judgments that are based on a number of factors including actual operating results, internal forecasts, market observable pricing multiples of similar businesses and comparable transactions, possible control premiums, determining the appropriate discount rate and long-term growth rate assumptions, and, if multiple approaches are being used, determining the appropriate weighting applied to each approach. it is reasonably possible that the judgments and estimates described above could change in future periods.
we review identified intangible assets with defined useful lives and subject to amortization for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be recoverable. determining whether an impairment loss has occurred requires the use of our internal forecast to estimate future cash flows and the useful life over which these cash flows will occur. to determine fair value, we use our internal cash flow estimates discounted at an appropriate discount rate.
see notes 1 and 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
ge 2019 form 10-k md&amp;a   critical accounting estimates insurance and investment contracts. refer to the other items - insurance section within md&a for further discussion of the accounting estimates and assumptions in our insurance reserves and their sensitivity to change. also see notes 1 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
pension assumptions. our defined benefit pension plans are accounted for on an actuarial basis, which requires the selection of various assumptions, including a discount rate, an expected return on assets, mortality rates of participants and expectation of mortality improvement. we evaluate these critical assumptions at least annually on a plan and country-specific basis. we periodically evaluate other assumptions involving demographic factors such as retirement age and turnover, and update them to reflect our experience and expectations for the future. actual results in any given year will often differ from actuarial assumptions because of economic and other factors.
projected benefit obligations are measured as the present value of expected payments. we discount those cash payments using the weighted average of market-observed yields for high-quality fixed-income securities with maturities that correspond to the payment of benefits. lower discount rates increase present values and generally increase subsequent-year pension expense; higher discount rates decrease present values and generally reduce subsequent-year pension expense.
our discount rates for principal pension plans at december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017 were 3.36%, 4.34% and 3.64%, respectively, reflecting market interest rates.
to determine the expected long-term rate of return on pension plan assets, we consider our asset allocation, as well as historical and expected returns on various categories of plan assets. in developing future long-term return expectations for our principal benefit plans' assets, we formulate views on the future economic environment, both in the u.s. and abroad. we evaluate general market trends and historical relationships among a number of key variables that impact asset class returns such as expected earnings growth, inflation, valuations, yields and spreads, using both internal and external sources. we also take into account expected volatility by asset class and diversification across classes to determine expected overall portfolio results given our asset allocation. assets in our principal pension plans earned 17.8% in 2019, and had annualized returns of 6.3%, 7.7% and 8.2% in the 5-, 10- and 25-year periods ended december 31, 2019, respectively. based on our analysis of future expectations of asset performance, past return results, and our asset allocation, we have assumed a 6.25% long-term expected return on those assets for cost recognition in 2020, as compared to 6.75% in 2019 and 2018.
the society of actuaries issued new base and improvement mortality tables in 2019 and we updated mortality assumptions in the u.s. accordingly. these changes in assumptions decreased the december 31, 2019 u.s. pension and retiree benefit plans' obligations by $0.5 billion.
changes in key assumptions for our principal pension plans would have the following effects.
•   discount rate - a 25 basis point decrease in discount rate would increase pension cost in the following year by about $0.2 billion and would increase the pension benefit obligation at year-end by about $2.3 billion.
•   expected return on assets - a 50 basis point decrease in the expected return on assets would increase pension cost in the following year by about $0.3 billion.
see other consolidated information - postretirement benefit plans section within md&a and note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
income taxes. our annual tax rate is based on our income, statutory tax rates and tax planning opportunities available to us in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and respective governmental taxing authorities. significant judgment is required in determining our tax expense and in evaluating our tax positions, including evaluating uncertainties. we review our tax positions quarterly and adjust the balances as new information becomes available. our income tax rate is significantly affected by the tax rate on our global operations. in addition to local country tax laws and regulations, this rate can depend on the extent earnings are indefinitely reinvested outside the u.s. historically u.s. taxes were due upon repatriation of foreign earnings. due to the enactment of u.s. tax reform, most repatriations of foreign earnings will be free of u.s. federal income tax but may incur withholding or state taxes. indefinite reinvestment is determined by management's judgment about and intentions concerning the future operations of the company. most of these earnings have been reinvested in active non-u.s. business operations. at december 31, 2019, we have not changed our indefinite reinvestment decision as a result of tax reform but will reassess this on an ongoing basis.
ge 2019 form 10-k md&amp;a   critical accounting estimates deferred income tax assets represent amounts available to reduce income taxes payable on taxable income in future years. such assets arise because of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, as well as from net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. we evaluate the recoverability of these future tax deductions and credits by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income from all sources, including reversal of taxable temporary differences, forecasted operating earnings and available tax planning strategies. these sources of income rely heavily on estimates. we use our historical experience and our short- and long-range business forecasts to provide insight. further, our global and diversified business portfolio gives us the opportunity to employ various prudent and feasible tax planning strategies to facilitate the recoverability of future deductions. amounts recorded for deferred tax assets related to non-u.s. net operating losses, net of valuation allowances, were $2.2 billion and $3.1 billion at december 31, 2019 and 2018, including $0.2 billion related to held for sale assets at december 31, 2019 and $0.2 billion and $0.5 billion at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, associated with losses reported in discontinued operations, primarily related to our legacy financial services businesses and for 2018, our baker hughes segment. such year-end 2019 amounts are expected to be fully recoverable within the applicable statutory expiration periods. to the extent we consider it more likely than not that a deferred tax asset will not be recovered, a valuation allowance is established.
see other consolidated information - income taxes section within md&a and note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
loss contingencies. loss contingencies are uncertain and unresolved matters that arise in the ordinary course of business and result from events or actions by others that have the potential to result in a future loss. such contingencies include, but are not limited to, environmental obligations, litigation, regulatory investigations and proceedings, product quality and losses resulting from other events and developments. when a loss is considered probable and reasonably estimable, we record a liability in the amount of our best estimate for the ultimate loss. when there appears to be a range of possible costs with equal likelihood, liabilities are based on the low-end of such range. however, the likelihood of a loss with respect to a particular contingency is often difficult to predict and determining a meaningful estimate of the loss or a range of loss may not be practicable based on the information available and the potential effect of future events and negotiations with or decisions by third parties that will determine the ultimate resolution of the contingency. moreover, it is not uncommon for such matters to be resolved over many years, during which time relevant developments and new information must be continuously evaluated to determine both the likelihood of potential loss and whether it is possible to reasonably estimate a range of possible loss. disclosure is provided for material loss contingencies when a loss is probable but a reasonable estimate cannot be made, and when it is reasonably possible that a loss will be incurred or when it is reasonably possible that the amount of a loss will exceed the recorded provision. we regularly review contingencies to determine whether the likelihood of loss has changed and to assess whether a reasonable estimate of the loss or range of loss can be made. see note 23 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
other items insurance. the run-off insurance operations of north american life and health (nalh) primarily include employers reassurance corporation (erac) and union fidelity life insurance company (uflic). erac was formerly part of employers reinsurance corporation (erc) until the sale of erc to swiss re in 2006. uflic was formerly part of genworth financial inc. (genworth) but was retained by ge after genworth's initial public offering in 2004.
erac primarily assumes long-term care insurance and life insurance from numerous cedents under various types of reinsurance treaties and stopped accepting new policies after 2008. uflic primarily assumes long-term care insurance, structured settlement annuities with and without life contingencies and variable annuities from genworth and has been closed to new business since 2004.
the vast majority of nalh's reinsurance exposures are long-duration arrangements that still involve substantial levels of premium collections and benefit payments even though erac and uflic have not entered into new reinsurance treaties in about a decade. these long-duration arrangements involve a number of direct writers and contain a range of risk transfer provisions and other contractual elements. in many instances, these arrangements do not transfer to erac or to uflic 100 percent of the risk embodied in the encompassed underlying policies issued by the direct writers. furthermore, we cede insurance risk to third-party reinsurers for a portion of our insurance contracts, primarily on long-term care insurance policies.
our run-off insurance liabilities and annuity benefits primarily comprise a liability for future policy benefits for those insurance contract claims not yet incurred and claim reserves for claims that have been incurred or are estimated to have been incurred but not yet reported. the insurance liabilities and annuity benefits amounted to $39.8 billion and $35.6 billion and primarily relate to individual long-term care insurance reserves of $21.0 billion and $20.0 billion and structured settlement annuities and life insurance reserves of $11.1 billion and $11.2 billion, at december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018, respectively. the increase in insurance liabilities and annuity benefits of $4.2 billion from december 31, 2018 to december 31, 2019, is primarily due to an adjustment of $3.4 billion resulting from an increase in unrealized gains on investment securities that would result in a premium deficiency should those gains be realized and a $1.0 billion adjustment arising from the annual premium deficiency testing completed in third quarter 2019, as discussed further below.
in addition to nalh, electric insurance company (eic) is a property and casualty insurance company primarily providing insurance to ge and its employees with net claim reserves of $0.3 billion at december 31, 2019.
ge 2019 form 10-k md&amp;a   other items we regularly monitor emerging experience in our run-off insurance operations and industry developments to identify trends that may help us refine our reserve assumptions and evaluate opportunities to reduce our insurance risk profile and improve the results of our run-off insurance operations. these opportunities may include the pursuit of future premium rate increases and benefit reductions on long-term care insurance contracts with our ceding companies; recapture and reinsurance transactions to reduce risk where economically justified; investment strategies to improve asset and liability matching and enhance investment portfolio yields; and managing our expense levels.
key portfolio characteristics long-term care insurance contracts. the long-term care insurance contracts we reinsure provide coverage at varying levels of benefits to policyholders and may include attributes that could result in claimants being on claim for longer periods or at higher daily claim costs, or alternatively limiting the premium paying period, compared to contracts with a lower level of benefits. for example, policyholders with a lifetime benefit period could receive coverage up to the specified daily maximum as long as the policyholder is claim eligible and receives care for covered services; inflation protection options increase the daily maximums to protect the policyholder from the rising cost of care with some options providing automatic annual increases of 3% to 5% or policyholder elected inflation-indexed increases for increased premium; joint life policies provide coverage for two lives which permit either life under a single contract to receive benefits at the same time or separately; and premium payment options may limit the period over which the policyholder pays premiums while still receiving coverage after premium payments cease, which may limit the impact of our benefit from future premium rate increases.
the erac long-term care insurance portfolio comprises more than two-thirds of our total long-term care insurance reserves and is assumed from approximately 30 ceding companies through various types of reinsurance and retrocession contracts having complex terms and conditions. compared to the overall long-term care insurance block, it has a lower average attained age with a larger number of policies (and covered lives, as over one-third of the policies are joint life policies), with lifetime benefit periods and/or with inflation protection options which may result in a higher potential for future claims.
the uflic long-term care insurance block comprises the remainder of our total long-term care insurance reserves and is more mature with policies that are more uniform, as it is assumed from a single ceding company, genworth, and has fewer policies with lifetime benefit periods, no joint life policies and slightly more policies with inflation protection options.
long-term care insurance policies allow the issuing insurance entity to increase premiums, or alternatively allow the policyholder the option to decrease benefits, with approval by state regulators, should actual experience emerge worse than what was projected when such policies were initially underwritten. as a reinsurer, we are unable to directly or unilaterally pursue long-term care insurance premium rate increases. however, we engage actively with our ceding company clients in pursuing allowed long-term care insurance premium rate increases. the amount of times that rate increases have occurred varies by ceding company.
as further described within the premium deficiency testing section below, we reconstructed our future claim cost projections in 2017 utilizing trends observed in our emerging experience for older claimant ages and later duration policies. also described within that section are key assumption changes in 2019.
presented in the table below are gaap and statutory reserve balances and key attributes of our long-term care insurance portfolio.
december 31, 2019 (dollars in billions, except where noted)                                      erac           uflic           total gross gaap future policy benefit reserves and claim reserves                                $15.2            $5.8           $21.0
gross statutory future policy benefit reserves and claim reserves(a)                         23.7             7.1            30.8
number of policies in force                                                               196,000          67,000         263,000
number of covered lives in force                                                          261,000          67,000         328,000
gross gaap future policy benefit reserve per policy (in actual dollars)                   $66,500         $56,000         $64,000
gross gaap future policy benefit reserve per covered life (in actual dollars)              50,000          56,000          51,000
gross statutory future policy benefit reserve per policy (in actual dollars)(a)           109,000          74,000         100,000
gross statutory future policy benefit reserve per covered life (in actual dollars)(a)      81,000          74,000          80,000
percentage of policies with:
lifetime benefit period                                                                        70   %          35   %          61   %
inflation protection option                                                                    81   %          91   %          84   %
(a)   statutory balances reflect recognition of the estimated remaining statutory increase in reserves of approximately $7 billion through 2023 under the permitted accounting practice discussed further below and in note 12 to our consolidated financial statements.
ge 2019 form 10-k md&amp;a   other items structured settlement annuities and life insurance contracts.we reinsure approximately 31,000 structured settlement annuities with an average attained age of 52. these structured settlement annuities were primarily underwritten on impaired lives (i.e., shorter-than-average life expectancies) at origination and have projected payments extending decades into the future. our primary risks associated with these contracts include mortality (i.e., life expectancy or longevity), mortality improvement (i.e., assumed rate that mortality is expected to reduce over time), which may extend the duration of payments on life contingent contracts beyond our estimates, and reinvestment risk (i.e., a low interest rate environment may reduce our ability to achieve our targeted investment margins). unlike long-term care insurance, structured settlement annuities offer no ability to require additional premiums or reduce benefits.
our life reinsurance business typically covers the mortality risk associated with various types of life insurance policies that we reinsure from approximately 150 ceding company relationships where we pay a benefit based on the death of a covered life. across our u.s. and canadian life insurance blocks, we reinsure approximately $100 billion of net amount at risk (i.e., difference between the death benefit and any accrued cash value) from approximately 2.2 million policies with an average attained age of 58. in 2019, our incurred claims were approximately $0.5 billion with an average individual claim of approximately $48,000. the largest product types covered are 20-year level term policies which represent approximately 40% of the net amount at risk and are anticipated to lapse (i.e., the length of time a policy will remain in force) over the next 2 to 4 years as the policies reach the end of their 20-year level premium period.
investment portfolio and other adjustments. our insurance liabilities and annuity benefits are primarily supported by investment securities of $38.0 billion and $32.9 billion and commercial mortgage loans of $1.9 billion and $1.7 billion at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively. additionally, we expect to purchase approximately $9 billion of new assets through 2024 in conjunction with expected capital contributions from ge capital to our insurance subsidiaries, of which $2.0 billion was received in the first quarter of 2020. our investment securities are classified as available-for-sale and comprise mainly investment-grade debt securities. the portfolio includes $5.7 billion of net unrealized gains that are recorded within other comprehensive income, net of applicable taxes and other adjustments.
in calculating our future policy benefit reserves, we are required to consider the impact of net unrealized gains and losses on our available-for-sale investment securities supporting our insurance contracts as if those unrealized amounts were realized. to the extent that the realization of gains would result in a premium deficiency, an adjustment is recorded to increase future policy benefit reserves with an after-tax offset to other comprehensive income. at december 31, 2019, the entire $5.7 billion balance of net unrealized gains on our investment securities required a related increase to future policy benefit reserves. this adjustment increased from $2.2 billion in 2018 to $5.7 billion in 2019 primarily from higher unrealized gains within the investment security portfolio supporting our insurance contracts in response to decreased market yields. see note 3 to our consolidated financial statements for further information about our investment securities.
we manage the investments in our run-off insurance operations under strict investment guidelines, including limitations on asset class concentration, single issuer exposures, asset-liability duration variances, and other factors to meet credit quality, yield, liquidity and diversification requirements associated with servicing our insurance liabilities under reasonable circumstances. investing in these assets exposes us to both credit risk (i.e., debtor's ability to make timely payments of principal and interest) and interest rate risk (i.e., market price, cash flow variability, and reinvestment risk due to changes in market interest rates). we regularly review investment securities for impairment using both quantitative and qualitative criteria.
additionally, our run-off insurance operations have approximately $0.7 billion of assets held by states or other regulatory bodies in statutorily required deposit accounts, and approximately $28.6 billion of assets held in trust accounts associated with reinsurance contracts in place between either erac or uflic as the reinsuring entity and a number of ceding insurers. assets in these reinsurance trusts are held by an independent trustee for the benefit of the ceding insurer, and are subject to various investment guidelines as set forth in the respective reinsurance contacts.
we have studied and analyzed various options, along with several external investment advisors, to improve our investment yield subject to maintaining our ability to satisfy insurance liabilities when due, as well as considering our risk-based capital requirements, regulatory constraints, and tolerance for surplus volatility. with the expected capital contributions from ge capital through 2024, we intend to add new asset classes to further diversify our portfolio, including private equity, senior secured loans and infrastructure debt, among others. we also hired a new chief investment officer in 2018 to oversee our entire investment process and will be adding further investment managers.
critical accounting estimates. our insurance reserves include the following key accounting estimates and assumptions described below.
future policy benefit reserves. future policy benefit reserves represent the present value of future policy benefits less the present value of future gross premiums based on actuarial assumptions including, but not limited to, morbidity (i.e., frequency and severity of claim, including claim termination rates and benefit utilization rates); morbidity improvement (i.e., assumed rate of improvement in morbidity in the future); mortality (i.e., life expectancy or longevity); mortality improvement (i.e., assumed rate that mortality is expected to reduce over time); policyholder persistency or lapses (i.e., the length of time a policy will remain in force); anticipated premium increases or benefit reductions associated with future in-force rate actions, including actions that are: (a) approved and not yet implemented, (b) filed but not yet approved, and (c) estimated on future filings through 2028, on long-term care insurance policies; and interest rates. assumptions are locked-in throughout the remaining life of a contract unless a premium deficiency develops.
ge 2019 form 10-k md&amp;a   other items claim reserves. claim reserves are established when a claim is incurred or is estimated to have been incurred and represents our best estimate of the present value of the ultimate obligations for future claim payments and claim adjustment expenses. key inputs include actual known facts about the claim, such as the benefits available and cause of disability of the claimant, as well as assumptions derived from our actual historical experience and expected future changes in experience factors. claim reserves are evaluated periodically for potential changes in loss estimates with the support of qualified actuaries, and any changes are recorded in earnings in the period in which they are determined.
reinsurance recoverables. we cede insurance risk to third-party reinsurers for a portion of our insurance contracts, primarily on long-term care insurance policies, and record receivables as we are not relieved from our primary obligation to policyholders or cedents. these receivables are estimated in a manner consistent with the future policy benefit reserves and claim reserves. reserves ceded to reinsurers, net of allowance, were $2.4 billion and $2.3 billion at december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018, respectively, and are included in the caption "other ge capital receivables" on our consolidated statement of financial position.
premium deficiency testing. we annually perform premium deficiency testing in the third quarter in the aggregate across our run-off insurance portfolio. the premium deficiency testing assesses the adequacy of future policy benefit reserves, net of unamortized capitalized acquisition costs, using current assumptions without provision for adverse deviation. a comprehensive review of premium deficiency assumptions is a complex process and depends on a number of factors, many of which are interdependent and require evaluation individually and in the aggregate across all insurance products. the vast majority of our run-off insurance operations consists of reinsurance from multiple ceding insurance entities pursuant to treaties having complex terms and conditions. premium deficiency testing relies on claim and policy information provided by these ceding entities and considers the reinsurance treaties and underlying policies. in order to utilize that information for purposes of completing experience studies covering all key assumptions, we perform detailed procedures to conform and validate the data received from the ceding entities. our long-term care insurance business includes coverage where credible claim experience for higher attained ages is still emerging, and to the extent future experience deviates from current expectations, new projections of claim costs extending over the expected life of the policies may be required. significant uncertainties exist in making projections for these long-term care insurance contracts, which requires that we consider a wide range of possible outcomes.
morbidity. morbidity assumptions used in estimating future policy benefit reserves are based on estimates of expected incidences of disability among policyholders and the costs associated with these policyholders asserting claims under their contracts, and these estimates account for any expected future morbidity improvement. for long-term care exposures, estimating expected future costs includes assessments of incidence (probability of a claim), utilization (amount of available benefits expected to be incurred) and continuance (how long the claim will last). prior to 2017, premium deficiency assumptions considered the risk of anti-selection by including issue age adjustments to morbidity based on an actuarial assumption that long-term care policies issued to younger individuals would exhibit lower expected incidences and claim costs than those issued to older policyholders. recent claim experience and the development of reconstructed claim cost curves indicated issue age differences had minimal impact on claim cost projections, and, accordingly, beginning in 2017, issue age adjustments were eliminated in developing morbidity assumptions. higher morbidity increases, while lower morbidity decreases, the present value of expected future benefit payments.
rate of change in morbidity. our annual premium deficiency testing incorporates our best estimates of projected future changes in the morbidity rates reflected in our base cost curves. these estimates draw upon a number of inputs, some of which are subjective, and all of which are interpreted and applied in the exercise of professional actuarial judgment in the context of the characteristics specific to our portfolios. this exercise of judgment considers factors such as the work performed by internal and external independent actuarial experts engaged to advise us in our annual testing, the observed actual experience in our portfolios measured against our base projections, industry developments, and other trends, including advances in the state of medical care and health-care technology development. with respect to industry developments, we take into account that there are differences between and among industry peers in portfolio characteristics (such as demographic features of the insured populations), the aggregate effect of improvement or deterioration as applied to base claim cost projections, the extent to which such base cost projections reflect the most current experience, and the accepted diversity of practice in actuarial professional judgment. we assess the potential for any change in morbidity with reference to our existing base claim cost projections, reconstructed in 2017. projected improvement or deterioration in morbidity can have a material impact on our future claim cost projections, both on a stand-alone basis and also by virtue of influencing other variables such as discount rate and premium rate increases.
mortality. mortality assumptions used in estimating future policy benefit reserves are based on published mortality tables as adjusted for the results of our experience studies and estimates of expected future mortality improvement. for life insurance products, higher mortality increases the present value of expected future benefit payments, while for annuity and long-term care insurance contracts, higher mortality decreases the present value of expected future benefit payments.
discount rate. interest rate assumptions used in estimating the present value of future policy benefit reserves are based on expected investment yields, net of related investment expenses and expected defaults. in estimating future yields, we consider the actual yields on our current investment securities held by our run-off insurance operations and the future rates at which we expect to reinvest any proceeds from investment security maturities, net of other operating cash flows, and the projected future capital contributions into our run-off insurance operations. lower future yields result in a lower discount rate and a higher present value of future policy benefit reserves.
ge 2019 form 10-k md&amp;a   other items future long-term care premium rate increases. as a reinsurer, we rely upon the primary insurers that issued the underlying policies to file proposed premium rate increases on those policies with the relevant state insurance regulators, as we have no ability to seek or to institute such premium rate increases. we consider recent experience of rate increase filings made by our ceding companies along with state insurance regulatory processes and precedents in establishing our current expectations. higher future premium rate increases lower the present value of future policy benefit reserves.
terminations. terminations refers to the rate at which the underlying policy is canceled due to either mortality, lapse (non-payment of premiums by a policyholder), or, in the case of long-term care insurance, benefit exhaustion. termination rate assumptions used in estimating the present value of future policy benefit reserves are based on the results of our experience studies and reflect actuarial judgment. lower termination rates increase, while higher termination rates decrease, the present value of expected future benefit payments.
in 2017, based on elevated claim experience for a portion of our long-term care insurance contracts, we initiated a comprehensive review of all premium deficiency testing assumptions across all insurance products, resulting in a reconstruction of our future claim cost projections for long-term care insurance products. our internal claim experience has been consistent with those reconstructed projections, although the extent of actual experience since 2017 to date is limited in the context of a long-tailed, multi-decade portfolio.
2019 premium deficiency testing. we annually perform premium deficiency testing in the aggregate across our run-off insurance portfolio.  we performed this year's testing in the third quarter of 2019, consistent with our historical practice prior to 2017 when we reconstructed our claim cost curves. these procedures included updating experience studies since our last test completed in the fourth quarter of 2018, independent actuarial analysis and review of industry benchmarks. as we experienced a premium deficiency in 2018, our 2019 premium deficiency testing started with a zero margin and, accordingly, any net adverse development would result in a future charge to earnings. using our most recent future policy benefit reserve assumptions, including changes to our assumptions related to discount rate and future premium rate increases, we identified a premium deficiency resulting in a $1.0 billion pre-tax charge to earnings in the third quarter 2019. the increase to future policy benefit reserves resulting from our 2019 testing was primarily attributable to the significant decline in market interest rates we observed this year, which has resulted in a lower discount rate and adversely impacted our reserve margin by $1.3 billion, and higher levels of projected long-term care premium rate increases due to larger rate filings by some ceding companies than previously planned, which favorably impacted our reserve margin by $0.3 billion.
our discount rate assumption for purposes of performing the premium deficiency assessment resulted in a weighted average rate of 5.74% compared to 6.04% in 2018. this decline in the discount rate from 2018 to 2019 reflected a lower reinvestment rate increasing to an expected long-term average investment yield over a longer period, lower prospective expected returns on higher yielding assets classes introduced with our 2018 strategic initiatives, and slightly lower actual yields on our investment security portfolio.
as noted above, our observed claim experience in the period since the 2017 reconstruction of our future long-term care claim cost projections has been consistent with those projections. based on the application of professional actuarial judgment to the factors discussed above, we have made no substantial change to our assumptions concerning morbidity, morbidity improvement, mortality, mortality improvement, or terminations in 2019.
as with all assumptions underlying our premium deficiency testing, we will continue to monitor these factors, which may result in future changes in our assumptions. see note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the results of our 2019 premium deficiency testing.
gaap reserve sensitivities. the results of our premium deficiency testing are sensitive to the assumptions described above. certain future adverse changes in our assumptions could result in the unlocking of reserves, resetting of actuarial assumptions to current assumptions, an increase to future policy benefit reserves and a charge to earnings. considering the results of the 2019 premium deficiency test which reset our margin to zero, any future net adverse changes in our assumptions will result in an increase to future policy benefit reserves. for example, adverse changes in key assumptions to our future policy benefits reserves, holding all other assumptions constant, would have the following effects as presented in the table below. any favorable changes to these assumptions could result in additional margin in our premium deficiency test and higher income over the remaining duration of the portfolio, including higher investment income. the assumptions within our future policy benefit reserves are subject to significant uncertainties, including those inherent in the complex nature of our reinsurance treaties. many of our assumptions are interdependent and require evaluation individually and in the aggregate across all insurance products. small changes in the amounts used in the sensitivities or the use of different factors could result in materially different outcomes from those reflected below.
ge 2019 form 10-k md&amp;a   other items
2018 assumption                                                                      2019 assumption                                                                                                                  hypothetical change in 2019 assumption   estimated increase to future policy benefit reserves(in billions, pre-tax)
long-term care insurance morbidity improvement           1.25% per year over 12 to 20 years                                                   1.25% per year over 12 to 20 years                                                                                                             25 basis point reduction                                                                     $0.7$3.7
no morbidity improvement long-term care insurance morbidity                       based on company experience                                                          based on company experience                                                                                                 5% increase in dollar amount of paid claims                                                                         $1.1
long-term care insurance mortality improvement           0.5% per year for 10 years with annual improvement graded to 0% over next 10 years   0.5% per year for 10 years with annual improvement graded to 0% over next 10 years   1.0% per year for 10 years with annual improvement graded to 0% over next 10 years                                                                         $0.4
long-term care insurance mortality                       based on company experience                                                          based on company experience                                                                 any change in termination assumptions that reduce total terminations by 10%                                                                         $1.0
long-term care insurance lapse rate                      varies by block, attained age and benefit period; average 0.5 - 1.15%                varies by block, attained age and benefit period; average 0.5 - 1.15%
long-term care insurance benefit exhaustion              based on company experience                                                          based on company experience long-term care insurance future premium rate increases   varies by block based on filing experience                                           varies by block based on filing experience                                                                     25% adverse change in premium rate increase success rate                                                                         $0.5
reinvestment rate                                        4.35%; grading to a long-term average investment yield of 6.0%                       3.05%; grading to a long-term average investment yield of 5.9%                                  25 basis point reduction; grading to long-term investment yield of 5.9%                                                               less than $0.1
structured settlement annuity mortality                  based on company experience                                                          based on company experience                                                                                                                    5% decrease in mortality                                                                         $0.1
life insurance mortality                                 based on company experience                                                          based on company experience                                                                                                                    5% increase in mortality                                                                         $0.3
statutory considerations. our run-off insurance subsidiaries are required to prepare statutory financial statements in accordance with statutory accounting practices. statutory accounting practices, not gaap, determine the required statutory capital levels of our insurance legal entities.
statutory accounting practices are set forth by the national association of insurance commissioners (naic) as well as state laws, regulation and general administrative rules and differ in certain respects from gaap. under statutory accounting practices, base formulaic reserve assumptions typically do not change unless approved by our primary regulator, kid. in addition to base reserves, statutory accounting practices require additional actuarial reserves (aar) be established based on results of asset adequacy testing reflecting moderately adverse conditions (i.e., assumptions include a provision for adverse deviation (pad) rather than current assumptions without a pad as required for premium deficiency testing under gaap). as a result, our statutory asset adequacy testing assumptions reflect less long-term care insurance morbidity improvement and for shorter durations, restrictions on future long-term care insurance premium rate increases, no life insurance mortality improvement and a lower discount rate. as a result, several of the sensitivities described in the table above would be less impactful on our statutory reserves.
the adverse impact on our statutory aar arising from our revised assumptions in 2017, including the collectability of reinsurance recoverables, is expected to require ge capital to contribute approximately $14.5 billion additional capital, to its run-off insurance operations in 2018-2024. for statutory accounting purposes, kid approved our request for a permitted accounting practice to recognize the 2017 aar increase over a seven-year period. ge capital provided capital contributions to its insurance subsidiaries of $2.0 billion, $1.9 billion and $3.5 billion in the first quarter of 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. ge capital expects to provide further capital contributions of approximately $7 billion through 2024, subject to ongoing monitoring by kid. ge is a party to capital maintenance agreements with erac and uflic whereby ge will maintain their minimum statutory capital levels at 300% of their year-end authorized control level risk-based capital requirements as defined from time to time by the naic.
if our future policy benefit reserves established under gaap are realized over the estimated remaining life of our run-off insurance obligations, we would expect the $14.5 billion of capital contributed to the run-off insurance operations over the 2018 to 2024 period to be considered statutory capital surplus at the end of the period with no additional charge to gaap earnings. however, should the more conservative statutory assumptions be realized, we would be required to record the difference between gaap assumptions and statutory assumptions as a charge to gaap earnings in the future periods.
ge 2019 form 10-k md&amp;a   other items see other items - new accounting standards within md&a and notes 1 and 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
new accounting standards. in august 2018, the financial accounting standards board (fasb) issued accounting standards update (asu) no. 2018-12, financial services - insurance (topic 944): targeted improvements to the accounting for long-duration contracts. in october 2019, the fasb affirmed its decision to defer the effective date to periods beginning after december 31, 2021, with an election to adopt early. we are evaluating the effect of the standard on our consolidated financial statements and anticipate that its adoption will significantly change the accounting for measurements of our long-duration insurance liabilities. the asu requires cash flow assumptions used in the measurement of various insurance liabilities to be reviewed at least annually and updated if actual experience or other evidence indicates previous assumptions need to be revised with any required changes recorded in earnings. under the current accounting guidance, the discount rate is based on expected investment yields, while under the asu the discount rate will be equivalent to the upper-medium grade (e.g., single a) fixed-income instrument yield reflecting the duration characteristics of the liability and is required to be updated in each reporting period with changes recorded in other comprehensive income. in measuring the insurance liabilities under the new standard, contracts shall not be grouped together from different issue years. these changes result in the elimination of premium deficiency testing and shadow adjustments. while we continue to evaluate the effect of the standard on our ongoing financial reporting, we anticipate that the adoption of the asu will materially affect our financial statements. as the asu is only applicable to the measurements of our long-duration insurance liabilities under gaap, it will not affect the accounting for our insurance reserves or the levels of capital and surplus under statutory accounting practices.
in june 2016, the fasb issued asu no. 2016-13, financial instruments - credit losses (topic 326): measurement of credit losses on financial instruments. the asu introduces a new accounting model, the current expected credit losses model (cecl), which requires earlier recognition of credit losses and additional disclosures related to credit risk. the cecl model utilizes a lifetime expected credit loss measurement objective for the recognition of credit losses for loans and other receivables at the time the financial asset is originated or acquired. the expected credit losses are adjusted each period for changes in expected lifetime credit losses. this model replaces the multiple existing impairment models in current gaap, which generally require that a loss be incurred before it is recognized. the new standard also applies to receivables arising from revenue transactions such as contract assets and accounts receivables, as well as reinsurance recoverables at ge capital's run-off insurance operations and is effective for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2019. the standard will be applied prospectively with an adjustment to retained earnings. as we finalize our process, we expect the adoption of the asu to have an effect of approximately $0.2 billion to retained earnings.
other. we own, or hold licenses to use, numerous patents. new patents are continuously being obtained through our research and development activities as existing patents expire. patented inventions are used both within the company and are licensed to others. ge is a trademark and service mark of general electric company.
because of the diversity of our products and services, as well as the wide geographic dispersion of our production facilities, we use numerous sources for the wide variety of raw materials needed for our operations. we have not been adversely affected by our inability to obtain raw materials.
non-gaap financial measures. we believe that presenting non-gaap financial measures provides management and investors useful measures to evaluate performance and trends of the total company and its businesses. this includes adjustments in recent periods to gaap financial measures to increase period-to-period comparability following actions to strengthen our overall financial position and how we manage our business.
in addition, management recognizes that certain non-gaap terms may be interpreted differently by other companies under different circumstances. in various sections of this report we have made reference to the following non-gaap financial measures in describing our (1) revenues, specifically ge industrial segment organic revenues; and ge industrial organic revenues, (2) profit, specifically ge industrial segment organic profit; adjusted ge industrial profit and profit margin; adjusted ge industrial organic profit and profit margin; adjusted earnings (loss); and adjusted earnings (loss) per share (eps), (3) taxes, specifically ge effective tax rates, excluding ge capital earnings; and reconciliation of u.s. federal statutory income tax rate to ge effective tax rate excluding ge capital earnings, (4) cash flows, specifically ge industrial free cash flows (fcf), and (5) debt balances, specifically ge industrial net debt. the reasons we use these non-gaap financial measures and the reconciliations to their most directly comparable gaap financial measures follow.
ge 2019 form 10-k md&amp;a   non-gaap financial measures ge industrial organic revenues, profit (loss) and profit margin by segment (non-gaap)
revenues                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           segment profit (loss)                                                                                                                                                                                   profit margin
(dollars in millions)                                                                               2019                                                                                            2018                                                              v%                                                                                                                            2019                                                                                            2018                                                              v%                                                                                            2019                                                            2018                                                           v pts power (gaap)                                                                                     $18,625                                                                                         $22,150                                                             (16                              )%                                                                                            $386                                                                                           $(808                               )                               f                                                                                             2.1                               %                            (3.6                              )%                          5.7pts less: acquisitions                                                                                    25                                                                                               -                                                                                                                                                                                              (1                               )                                                               -
less: business dispositions                                                                           10                                                                                           2,805                                                                                                                                                                                              (2                               )                                                             237
less: foreign currency effect                                                                       (508                               )                                                               -                                                                                                                                                                                              47                                                                                               -
power organic (non-gaap)                                                                         $19,098                                                                                         $19,345                                                              (1                              )%                                                                                            $342                                                                                         $(1,046                               )                               f                                                                                             1.8                               %                            (5.4                              )%                          7.2pts renewable energy (gaap)                                                                          $15,337                                                                                         $14,288                                                               7                               %                                                                                           $(666                               )                                                            $292                                                               u                                                                                            (4.3                              )%                             2.0                               %                        (6.3)pts less: acquisitions                                                                                     3                                                                                               -                                                                                                                                                                                               6                                                                                               -
less: business dispositions                                                                            -                                                                                               -                                                                                                                                                                                               -                                                                                              (2                               )
less: foreign currency effect                                                                       (532                               )                                                               -                                                                                                                                                                                              60                                                                                               -
renewable energy organic (non-gaap)                                                              $15,866                                                                                         $14,288                                                              11                               %                                                                                           $(731                               )                                                            $294                                                               u                                                                                            (4.6                              )%                             2.1                               %                        (6.7)pts aviation (gaap)                                                                                  $32,875                                                                                         $30,566                                                               8                               %                                                                                          $6,820                                                                                          $6,466                                                               5                               %                                                            20.7                               %                            21.2                               %                        (0.5)pts less: acquisitions                                                                                     -                                                                                               -                                                                                                                                                                                               -                                                                                               -
less: business dispositions                                                                           25                                                                                             317                                                                                                                                                                                               6                                                                                              39
less: foreign currency effect                                                                        (24                               )                                                               -                                                                                                                                                                                              30                                                                                               -
aviation organic (non-gaap)                                                                      $32,874                                                                                         $30,250                                                               9                               %                                                                                          $6,784                                                                                          $6,427                                                               6                               %                                                            20.6                               %                            21.2                               %                        (0.6)pts healthcare (gaap)                                                                                $19,942                                                                                         $19,784                                                               1                               %                                                                                          $3,896                                                                                          $3,698                                                               5                               %                                                            19.5                               %                            18.7                               %                          0.8pts less: acquisitions                                                                                    83                                                                                               -                                                                                                                                                                                             (19                               )                                                               -
less: business dispositions                                                                            2                                                                                             235                                                                                                                                                                                             (27                               )                                                              22
less: foreign currency effect                                                                       (359                               )                                                               -                                                                                                                                                                                              (1                               )                                                               -
healthcare organic (non-gaap)                                                                    $20,216                                                                                         $19,549                                                               3                               %                                                                                          $3,944                                                                                          $3,676                                                                                               %                                                            19.5                               %                            18.8                               %                          0.7pts ge industrial segment (gaap)                                                                     $86,778                                                                                         $86,789                                                               -                               %                                                                                         $10,436                                                                                          $9,647                                                                                               %                                                            12.0                               %                            11.1                               %                          0.9pts less: acquisitions                                                                                   111                                                                                               -                                                                                                                                                                                             (15                               )                                                               -
less: business dispositions(a)                                                                        38                                                                                           3,357                                                                                                                                                                                             (24                               )                                                             295
less: foreign currency effect(b)                                                                  (1,424                               )                                                               -                                                                                                                                                                                             136                                                                                               -
(a) dispositions impact in 2018 primarily related to our industrial solutions and distributed power businesses within our power segment, with revenues of $1,257 million and $1,274 million, respectively, and value-based care within our healthcare segment, with revenues of $222 million.
we believe these measures provide management and investors with a more complete understanding of underlying operating results and trends of established, ongoing operations by excluding the effect of acquisitions, dispositions and foreign currency, as these activities can obscure underlying trends. we also believe presenting organic revenues* and organic profit* separately for our industrial businesses provides management and investors with useful information about the trends of our industrial businesses and enables a more direct comparison to other non-financial companies.
when comparing revenues and profit growth between periods excluding the effects of acquisitions, business dispositions and currency exchange rates, those effects are different when comparing results for different periods. revenues and profit from acquisitions are considered inorganic from the date we complete an acquisition through the end of the fourth quarter following the acquisition and are therefore reflected as adjustments to reported revenues and profit to derive organic revenues* and organic profit* for the period following the acquisition. in subsequent periods, the revenues and profit from the acquisition become organic as these revenues and profit are included for all periods presented.
md&amp;a   non-gaap financial measures ge industrial organic revenues, profit (loss) and profit margin by segment (non-gaap)
revenues                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           segment profit (loss)                                                                                                                                                                                   profit margin
(dollars in millions)                                                                               2018                                                                                            2017                                                              v%                                                                                                                            2018                                                                                            2017                                                              v%                                                                                            2018                                                            2017                                                           v pts power (gaap)                                                                                     $22,150                                                                                         $29,426                                                             (25                              )%                                                                                           $(808                               )                                                          $1,894                                                               u                                                                                            (3.6                              )%                             6.4                               %                         (10)pts less: acquisitions                                                                                    70                                                                                               9                                                                                                                                                                                              (2                               )                                                               -
less: business dispositions                                                                          125                                                                                           3,359                                                                                                                                                                                               4                                                                                             291
less: foreign currency effect                                                                        368                                                                                               -                                                                                                                                                                                             (11                               )                                                               -
power organic (non-gaap)                                                                         $21,587                                                                                         $26,058                                                             (17                              )%                                                                                           $(799                               )                                                          $1,602                                                               u                                                                                            (3.7                              )%                             6.1                               %                        (9.8)pts renewable energy (gaap)                                                                          $14,288                                                                                         $14,321                                                               -                               %                                                                                            $292                                                                                            $728                                                             (60                              )%                                                             2.0                               %                             5.1                               %                        (3.1)pts less: acquisitions                                                                                   143                                                                                              80                                                                                                                                                                                              45                                                                                               1
less: business dispositions                                                                            -                                                                                               -                                                                                                                                                                                               -                                                                                               -
less: foreign currency effect                                                                        (75                               )                                                               -                                                                                                                                                                                             (41                               )                                                               -
renewable energy organic (non-gaap)                                                              $14,220                                                                                         $14,242                                                               -                               %                                                                                            $288                                                                                            $727                                                             (60                              )%                                                             2.0                               %                             5.1                               %                        (3.1)pts aviation (gaap)                                                                                  $30,566                                                                                         $27,013                                                              13                               %                                                                                          $6,466                                                                                          $5,370                                                              20                               %                                                            21.2                               %                            19.9                               %                          1.3pts less: acquisitions                                                                                     4                                                                                               2                                                                                                                                                                                              (1                               )                                                               -
less: business dispositions                                                                            -                                                                                               -                                                                                                                                                                                               -                                                                                               -
less: foreign currency effect                                                                         28                                                                                               -                                                                                                                                                                                             (29                               )                                                               -
aviation organic (non-gaap)                                                                      $30,534                                                                                         $27,010                                                              13                               %                                                                                          $6,496                                                                                          $5,370                                                              21                               %                                                            21.3                               %                            19.9                               %                          1.4pts healthcare (gaap)                                                                                $19,784                                                                                         $19,017                                                               4                               %                                                                                          $3,698                                                                                          $3,488                                                               6                               %                                                            18.7                               %                            18.3                               %                          0.4pts less: acquisitions                                                                                     6                                                                                               1                                                                                                                                                                                              (4                               )                                                              (2                               )
less: business dispositions                                                                           13                                                                                             267                                                                                                                                                                                              (1                               )                                                             123
less: foreign currency effect                                                                        152                                                                                               -                                                                                                                                                                                              52                                                                                               -
healthcare organic (non-gaap)                                                                    $19,613                                                                                         $18,748                                                               5                               %                                                                                          $3,650                                                                                          $3,367                                                               8                               %                                                            18.6                               %                            18.0                               %                          0.6pts ge industrial segment (gaap)                                                                     $86,789                                                                                         $89,776                                                              (3                              )%                                                                                          $9,647                                                                                         $11,479                                                             (16                              )%                                                            11.1                               %                            12.8                               %                        (1.7)pts less: acquisitions(a)                                                                                224                                                                                              92                                                                                                                                                                                              38                                                                                              (1                               )
less: business dispositions(b)                                                                       138                                                                                           3,626                                                                                                                                                                                               3                                                                                             414
less: foreign currency effect(c)                                                                     473                                                                                               -                                                                                                                                                                                             (29                               )                                                               -
(a) acquisition impact primarily related to lm wind within our renewable energy segment, with $142 million and $80 million of revenues in 2018 and 2017, respectively.
(b) dispositions impact in 2017 primarily related to industrial solutions, distributed power and water businesses within our power segment, with $1,368 million, $408 million and $1,516 million of revenues, respectively, and value-based care within our healthcare segment, with $213 million of revenues.
we believe these measures provide management and investors with a more complete understanding of underlying operating results and trends of established, ongoing operations by excluding the effect of acquisitions, dispositions and foreign currency, as these activities can obscure underlying trends. we also believe presenting organic revenues* and organic profit* separately for our industrial businesses provides management and investors with useful information about the trends of our industrial businesses and enables a more direct comparison to other non-financial companies.
when comparing revenues and profit growth between periods excluding the effects of acquisitions, business dispositions and currency exchange rates, those effects are different when comparing results for different periods. revenues and profit from acquisitions are considered inorganic from the date we complete an acquisition through the end of the fourth quarter following the acquisition and are therefore reflected as adjustments to reported revenues and profit to derive organic revenues* and organic profit* for the period following the acquisition. in subsequent periods, the revenues and profit from the acquisition become organic as these revenues and profit are included for all periods presented.
md&amp;a   non-gaap financial measures adjusted ge industrial profit and profit margin (dollars in millions)                                                     2019                                                                 2018                                                                 2017
ge total costs and expenses (gaap)                                                                                      88,118                                                              111,967                                                               92,834
less: ge interest and other financial charges                                                                            2,115                                                                2,415                                                                2,538
less: non-operating benefit costs                                                                                        2,828                                                                2,740                                                                2,409
less: restructuring &amp; other(a)                                                                                       1,351                                                                2,832                                                                2,914
add: noncontrolling interests                                                                                                6                                                                 (130                      )                                          (280                      )
adjusted ge industrial costs (non-gaap)                                                                                 80,343                                                               81,714                                                               83,527
less: unrealized gains (losses)(c)                                                                                         793                                                                    -                                                                    -
less: restructuring &amp; other                                                                                             36                                                                 (120                      )                                          (109                      )
less: gains (losses) and impairments for disposed or held for sale businesses(c)                                             4                                                                1,370                                                                  926
ge industrial profit (gaap)                                                                                             $1,801                                                             $(20,612                      )                                        $1,288
ge industrial profit margin (gaap)                                                                                         2.1                      %                                         (23.1                     )%                                           1.4                      %
adjusted ge industrial profit (non-gaap)                                                                                $8,743                                                               $8,392                                                               $9,778
adjusted ge industrial profit margin (non-gaap)                                                                           10.0                      %                                           9.4                      %                                          10.6                      %
(a) see the ge corporate items and eliminations - restructuring section within md&amp;a for further information.
(b) related to our renewable energy segment in 2019, power and renewable energy segments in 2018 and our power segment in 2017. see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
(c) see the corporate items and eliminations section within md&amp;a for further information.
we believe ge industrial profit and profit margins adjusted for the items included in the above reconciliation are meaningful measures because they increase the comparability of period-to-period results.
less: acquisitions                                                                                                                          111                                                                                                                       -
less: business dispositions(a)                                                                                                               45                                                                                                                   4,233
less: foreign currency effect(b)                                                                                                         (1,442                                       )                                                                               -
less: acquisitions(c)                                                                                                                       245                                                                                                                     106
less: business dispositions(d)                                                                                                              138                                                                                                                   3,815
less: foreign currency effect(e)                                                                                                            479                                                                                                                       -
(a) dispositions impact in 2018 primarily related to our industrial solutions and distributed power businesses within our power segment, with revenues of $1,257 million and $1,274 million, respectively, and value-based care within our healthcare segment, with revenues of $222 million, and current with revenues of $727 million.
(c) acquisitions in 2018 primarily related to lm wind within our renewable energy segment, which was acquired in 2017 and contributed $142 million in revenues.
(d) dispositions impact in 2017 primarily related to industrial solutions, distributed power and water businesses within our power segment, with $1,368 million, $408 million and $1,516 million of revenues, respectively, value-based care within our healthcare segment with $213 million of revenues, and current with $189 million of revenues.
we believe this measure provides management and investors with a more complete understanding of underlying operating results and trends of established, ongoing operations by excluding the effect of acquisitions, dispositions and foreign currency, as these activities can obscure underlying trends.
md&amp;a   non-gaap financial measures adjusted ge industrial organic profit (non-gaap) (dollars in millions)                                                                    2019                                                                                                        2018                                                                      v%
adjusted ge industrial profit (non-gaap)                                                                                                $8,743                                                                                                      $8,392                                                                       4                                   %
less: acquisitions                                                                                                                         (15                                   )                                                                       -
less: business dispositions                                                                                                                (32                                   )                                                                     284
less: foreign currency effect                                                                                                              144                                                                                                           -
adjusted ge industrial organic profit (non-gaap)                                                                                        $8,646                                                                                                      $8,107                                                                       7                                   %
adjusted ge industrial profit margin (non-gaap)                                                                                           10.0                                   %                                                                     9.4                                   %                                 0.6                                 pts adjusted ge industrial organic profit margin (non-gaap)                                                                                    9.7                                   %                                                                     9.6                                   %                                 0.1                                 pts
adjusted ge industrial profit (non-gaap)                                                                                                $8,392                                                                                                      $9,778                                                                     (14                                  )%
less: acquisitions                                                                                                                          49                                                                                                         (19                                   )
less: business dispositions                                                                                                                 (3                                   )                                                                     420
less: foreign currency effect                                                                                                              (64                                   )                                                                       -
adjusted ge industrial organic profit (non-gaap)                                                                                        $8,410                                                                                                      $9,377                                                                     (10                                  )%
adjusted ge industrial profit margin (non-gaap)                                                                                            9.4                                   %                                                                    10.6                                   %                                (1.2                                )pts adjusted ge industrial organic profit margin (non-gaap)                                                                                    9.5                                   %                                                                    10.6                                   %                                (1.1                                )pts we believe this measure provides management and investors with a more complete understanding of underlying operating results and trends of established, ongoing operations by excluding the effect of acquisitions, dispositions and foreign currency, as these activities can obscure underlying trends.
ge effective tax rates, excluding ge capital earnings (non-gaap)(dollars in millions)        2019              2018            2017
ge earnings (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes (gaap)                   $1,271          $(21,101   )     $(5,476   )
less: ge capital earnings (loss) from continuing operations                                  (530   )          (489   )      (6,765   )
ge provision for income taxes (gaap)                                                       $1,309              $467          $3,493
ge effective tax rate, excluding ge capital earnings (non-gaap)                              72.7   %         (2.3)   %       271.0   %
reconciliation of u.s. federal statutory income tax rate to ge effective tax rate excluding ge capital earnings (non-gaap)                                                                                                           2019                                                                                                                                                                            2018                                                                                                                                                                            2017
tax on global activities including exports                                                                                                                               61.0                                                                                                                                                                            (5.1                                                                                       )                                                                                  (146.9                                                                                       )
u.s. business credits                                                                                                                                                    (6.4                                                                                       )                                                                                     0.4                                                                                                                                                                            (6.4                                                                                       )
ge effective tax rate, excluding ge capital earnings (non-gaap)                                                                                                          72.7                                                                                       %                                                                                   (2.3)                                                                                       %                                                                                   271.0                                                                                       %
we believe the ge effective tax rate, excluding ge capital earnings*, is best analyzed in relation to ge earnings before income taxes excluding the ge capital net earnings from continuing operations, as ge tax expense does not include taxes on ge capital earnings. management believes in addition to the consolidated and ge capital tax rates shown in note 15 to the consolidated financial statements, this supplemental measure provides investors with useful information as it presents the ge effective tax rate that can be used in comparing the ge results to other non-financial services businesses.
md&amp;a   non-gaap financial measures adjusted earnings (loss) and adjusted eps                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     2019                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    2018                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    2017
less: ge capital earnings (loss) from continuing operations                                                                                                                                   (530                                                   )                                                                                                   (0.06                                                   )                                                                                                    (489                                                   )                                                                                                   (0.06                                                   )                                                                                                  (6,765                                                   )                                                                                                   (0.78                                                   )
non-operating benefits costs (pre-tax) (gaap)                                                                                                                                               (2,828                                                   )                                                                                                   (0.32                                                   )                                                                                                  (2,740                                                   )                                                                                                   (0.32                                                   )                                                                                                  (2,409                                                   )                                                                                                   (0.28                                                   )
tax effect on non-operating benefit costs                                                                                                                                                      594                                                                                                                                                        0.07                                                                                                                                                         575                                                                                                                                                        0.07                                                                                                                                                         843                                                                                                                                                        0.10
less: non-operating benefit costs (net of tax)                                                                                                                                              (2,234                                                   )                                                                                                   (0.26                                                   )                                                                                                  (2,165                                                   )                                                                                                   (0.25                                                   )                                                                                                  (1,566                                                   )                                                                                                   (0.18                                                   )
gains (losses) and impairments for disposed or held for sale businesses (pre-tax)(a)                                                                                                             4                                                                                                                                                           -                                                                                                                                                       1,370                                                                                                                                                        0.16                                                                                                                                                         926                                                                                                                                                        0.11
tax effect on gains (losses) and impairments for disposed or held for sale businesses                                                                                                           34                                                                                                                                                           -                                                                                                                                                        (380                                                   )                                                                                                   (0.04                                                   )                                                                                                     (62                                                   )                                                                                                   (0.01                                                   )
less: gains (losses) and impairments for disposed or held for sale businesses (net of tax)                                                                                                      39                                                                                                                                                           -                                                                                                                                                         990                                                                                                                                                        0.11                                                                                                                                                         864                                                                                                                                                        0.10
restructuring &amp; other (pre-tax)(b)                                                                                                                                                      (1,315                                                   )                                                                                                   (0.15                                                   )                                                                                                  (2,952                                                   )                                                                                                   (0.34                                                   )                                                                                                  (3,024                                                   )                                                                                                   (0.35                                                   )
tax effect on restructuring &amp; other                                                                                                                                                        277                                                                                                                                                        0.03                                                                                                                                                         338                                                                                                                                                        0.04                                                                                                                                                         893                                                                                                                                                        0.10
less: restructuring &amp; other (net of tax)                                                                                                                                                (1,039                                                   )                                                                                                   (0.12                                                   )                                                                                                  (2,614                                                   )                                                                                                   (0.30                                                   )                                                                                                  (2,131                                                   )                                                                                                   (0.25                                                   )
unrealized gains (losses) (pre-tax)                                                                                                                                                            793                                                                                                                                                        0.09                                                                                                                                                           -                                                                                                                                                           -                                                                                                                                                           -                                                                                                                                                           -
tax effect on unrealized gains (losses)                                                                                                                                                       (114                                                   )                                                                                                   (0.01                                                   )                                                                                                       -                                                                                                                                                           -                                                                                                                                                           -                                                                                                                                                           -
less: unrealized gains (losses) (net of tax)                                                                                                                                                   679                                                                                                                                                        0.08                                                                                                                                                           -                                                                                                                                                           -                                                                                                                                                           -                                                                                                                                                           -
debt extinguishment costs                                                                                                                                                                     (255                                                   )                                                                                                   (0.03                                                   )                                                                                                       -                                                                                                                                                           -                                                                                                                                                           -                                                                                                                                                           -
tax effect on debt extinguishment costs                                                                                                                                                         53                                                                                                                                                        0.01                                                                                                                                                           -                                                                                                                                                           -                                                                                                                                                           -                                                                                                                                                           -
less: debt extinguishment costs (net of tax)                                                                                                                                                  (201                                                   )                                                                                                   (0.02                                                   )                                                                                                       -                                                                                                                                                           -                                                                                                                                                           -                                                                                                                                                           -
less: ge industrial u.s. tax reform enactment adjustment                                                                                                                                      (101                                                   )                                                                                                   (0.01                                                   )                                                                                                     (38                                                   )                                                                                                       -                                                                                                                                                      (4,905                                                   )                                                                                                   (0.56                                                   )
ge capital earnings (loss) from continuing operations attributable                                                                                                                            (530                                                   )                                                                                                   (0.06                                                   )                                                                                                    (489                                                   )                                                                                                   (0.06                                                   )                                                                                                  (6,765                                                   )                                                                                                   (0.78                                                   )
less: ge capital u.s. tax reform enactment adjustment                                                                                                                                           99                                                                                                                                                        0.01                                                                                                                                                        (173                                                   )                                                                                                   (0.02                                                   )                                                                                                     206                                                                                                                                                        0.02
adjusted ge capital earnings (loss) (non-gaap)                                                                                                                                                $139                                                                                                                                                       $0.02                                                                                                                                                       $(316                                                   )                                                                                                  $(0.04                                                   )                                                                                                    $972                                                                                                                                                       $0.11
add: adjusted ge capital earnings (loss) (non-gaap)                                                                                                                                            139                                                                                                                                                        0.02                                                                                                                                                        (316                                                   )                                                                                                   (0.04                                                   )                                                                                                     972                                                                                                                                                        0.11
(a) see the corporate items and eliminations section within md&amp;a for further information.
(b) see the ge corporate items and eliminations - restructuring section within md&amp;a for further information.
(c) related to our renewable energy segment in 2019, power and renewable energy segments in 2018 and our power segment in 2017. see note 8 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
the service cost for our pension and other benefit plans are included in adjusted earnings*, which represents the ongoing cost of providing pension benefits to our employees. the components of non-operating benefit costs are mainly driven by capital allocation decisions and market performance. we believe the retained costs in adjusted earnings* and adjusted eps* provides management and investors a useful measure to evaluate the performance of the total company, and increases period-to-period comparability. we also use adjusted eps* as a performance metric at the company level for our annual executive incentive plan for 2019. we believe presenting adjusted industrial earnings* and adjusted industrial eps* separately for our financial services businesses also provides management and investors with useful information about the relative size of our industrial and financial services businesses in relation to the total company.
md&amp;a   non-gaap financial measures ge industrial free cash flows (fcf) (non-gaap) (in millions)                                                                        2019                                                                                                              2018                                                                                                              2017
add: gross additions to property, plant and equipment                                                                             (2,216                                     )                                                                      (2,234                                     )                                                                      (3,403                                     )
add: gross additions to internal-use software                                                                                       (274                                     )                                                                        (306                                     )                                                                        (423                                     )
less: common dividends from ge capital                                                                                                 -                                                                                                                 -                                                                                                             4,016
less: taxes related to business sales                                                                                               (198                                     )                                                                        (180                                     )                                                                        (229                                     )
we believe investors may find it useful to compare ge's industrial free cash flows* performance without the effects of cash used for taxes related to business sales and contributions to the ge pension plan. we believe this measure will better allow management and investors to evaluate the capacity of our industrial operations to generate free cash flows.
less: ge capital short- and long-term debt assumed by ge                                                                                               31,368                                                                                                                        36,262
add: intercompany loans from ge capital                                                                                                                12,226                                                                                                                        13,749
total pension and principal retiree benefit plan liabilities (pre-tax)(a)                                                                              27,773                                                                                                                        26,836
total pension and principal retiree benefit plan liabilities (net of tax)                                                                             $21,941                                                                                                                       $21,200
ge operating lease liabilities                                                                                                                          3,369                                                                                                                         3,868
deduction for total ge cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                                                                                     (17,613                                         )                                                                             (16,632                                         )
deduction for 75% of ge cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash                                                                                   $(13,210                                         )                                                                            $(12,474                                         )
(a) represents the total net deficit status of principal pension plans, other pension plans and retiree benefit plans. see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
in this document we use ge industrial net debt*, which is calculated based on rating agency methodologies. we are including the calculation of ge industrial net debt* to provide investors more clarity regarding how the credit rating agencies measure ge industrial leverage.
other financial data general electric company (in millions; per-share amounts in dollars)                           2019            2018            2017              2016            2015
total assets                                                                                266,048         311,072         371,099           361,014         491,109
non-recourse borrowings of consolidated securitization entities                               1,655           1,875           1,980               417           3,083
*non-gaap financial measure ge 2019 form 10-k other financial data five-year performance graph