item 7
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is intended to help the reader understand the results of operations and financial condition of microsoft corporation. md&a is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k).
overview microsoft is a technology company whose mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. we strive to create local opportunity, growth, and impact in every country around the world. our platforms and tools help drive small business productivity, large business competitiveness, and public-sector efficiency. they also support new startups, improve educational and health outcomes, and empower human ingenuity.
we generate revenue by offering a wide range of cloud-based and other services to people and businesses; licensing and supporting an array of software products; designing, manufacturing, and selling devices; and delivering relevant online advertising to a global audience. our most significant expenses are related to compensating employees; designing, manufacturing, marketing, and selling our products and services; datacenter costs in support of our cloud-based services; and income taxes.
highlights from fiscal year 2019 compared with fiscal year 2018 included:
•   commercial cloud revenue, which includes microsoft office 365 commercial, microsoft azure, the commercial portion of linkedin, microsoft dynamics 365, and other commercial cloud properties, increased 43% to $38.1 billion.
•   office consumer revenue increased 7%, and office 365 consumer subscribers increased to 34.8 million.
•   linkedin revenue increased 28%, with record levels of engagement highlighted by linkedin sessions growth of 27%.
•   dynamics revenue increased 15%, driven by dynamics 365 growth of 47%.
•   server products and cloud services revenue, including github, increased 25%, driven by azure growth of 72%.
•   enterprise services revenue increased 5%.
•   gaming revenue increased 10%, driven by xbox software and services growth of 19%.
•   search advertising revenue, excluding traffic acquisition costs, increased 13%.
we have recast certain prior period commercial cloud metrics to include the commercial portion of linkedin to provide a comparable view of our commercial cloud business performance. the commercial portion of linkedin includes linkedin recruiter, sales navigator, premium business subscriptions, and other services for organizations.
on october 25, 2018, we acquired github, inc. ("github") in a $7.5 billion stock transaction (inclusive of total cash payments of $1.3 billion in respect of vested github equity awards and an indemnity escrow). the financial results of github have been included in our consolidated financial statements since the date of the acquisition. github is reported as part of our intelligent cloud segment. refer to note 8 - business combinations of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion.
part ii item 7
on december 22, 2017, the tax cuts and jobs act ("tcja") was enacted into law, which significantly changed existing u.s. tax law and included numerous provisions that affect our business. we recorded a provisional net charge related to the enactment of the tcja of $13.7 billion in fiscal year 2018, and adjusted our provisional net charge by recording additional tax expense of $157 million in the second quarter of fiscal year 2019. in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2019, in response to the tcja and recently issued regulations, we transferred certain intangible properties held by our foreign subsidiaries to the u.s. and ireland, which resulted in a $2.6 billion net income tax benefit. refer to note 12 - income taxes of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion.
industry trends our industry is dynamic and highly competitive, with frequent changes in both technologies and business models. each industry shift is an opportunity to conceive new products, new technologies, or new ideas that can further transform the industry and our business. at microsoft, we push the boundaries of what is possible through a broad range of research and development activities that seek to identify and address the changing demands of customers and users, industry trends, and competitive forces.
economic conditions, challenges, and risks the markets for software, devices, and cloud-based services are dynamic and highly competitive. our competitors are developing new software and devices, while also deploying competing cloud-based services for consumers and businesses. the devices and form factors customers prefer evolve rapidly, and influence how users access services in the cloud, and in some cases, the user's choice of which suite of cloud-based services to use. we must continue to evolve and adapt over an extended time in pace with this changing environment. the investments we are making in infrastructure and devices will continue to increase our operating costs and may decrease our operating margins.
our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees. we hire a mix of university and industry talent worldwide. we compete for talented individuals globally by offering an exceptional working environment, broad customer reach, scale in resources, the ability to grow one's career across many different products and businesses, and competitive compensation and benefits. aggregate demand for our software, services, and devices is correlated to global macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, which remain dynamic.
our international operations provide a significant portion of our total revenue and expenses. many of these revenue and expenses are denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar. as a result, changes in foreign exchange rates may significantly affect revenue and expenses. strengthening of foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar throughout fiscal year 2018 positively impacted reported revenue and increased reported expenses from our international operations. strengthening of the u.s. dollar relative to certain foreign currencies did not significantly impact reported revenue or expenses from our international operations in the first and second quarters of fiscal year 2019, and reduced reported revenue and expenses from our international operations in the third and fourth quarters of fiscal year 2019.
refer to risk factors (part i, item 1a of this form 10-k) for a discussion of these factors and other risks.
seasonality our revenue fluctuates quarterly and is generally higher in the second and fourth quarters of our fiscal year. second quarter revenue is driven by corporate year-end spending trends in our major markets and holiday season spending by consumers, and fourth quarter revenue is driven by the volume of multi-year on-premises contracts executed during the period.
reportable segments we report our financial performance based on the following segments: productivity and business processes, intelligent cloud, and more personal computing. the segment amounts included in md&a are presented on a basis consistent with our internal management reporting. all differences between our internal management reporting basis and accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"), along with certain corporate-level and other activity, are included in corporate and other.
additional information on our reportable segments is contained in note 20 - segment information and geographic data of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k).
part ii item 7
(in millions, except percentages and per share amounts)          2019                2018               2017           percentage      percentage change 2019     change 2018
exclude the net tax impact of transfer of intangible properties, the net tax impact of the tcja, and restructuring expenses. refer to the non-gaap financial measures section below for a reconciliation of our financial results reported in accordance with gaap to non-gaap financial results.
fiscal year 2019 compared with fiscal year 2018
revenue increased $15.5 billion or 14%, driven by growth across each of our segments. intelligent cloud revenue increased, driven by server products and cloud services. productivity and business processes revenue increased, driven by office and linkedin. more personal computing revenue increased, driven by surface, gaming, and windows.
gross margin increased $10.9 billion or 15%, driven by growth across each of our segments. gross margin percentage increased slightly, due to gross margin percentage improvement across each of our segments and favorable segment sales mix. gross margin included a 5 percentage point improvement in commercial cloud, primarily from azure.
key changes in expenses were:
•   research and development expenses increased $2.2 billion or 15%, driven by investments in cloud and artificial intelligence ("ai") engineering, gaming, linkedin, and github.
•   sales and marketing expenses increased $744 million or 4%, driven by investments in commercial sales capacity, linkedin, and github, offset in part by a decrease in marketing. sales and marketing expenses included a favorable foreign currency impact of 2%.
current year net income included a $2.6 billion net income tax benefit related to intangible property transfers and a $157 million net charge related to the enactment of the tcja, which together resulted in an increase to net income and diluted eps of $2.4 billion and $0.31, respectively. prior year net income and diluted eps were negatively impacted by the net charge related to the enactment of the tcja, which resulted in a decrease to net income and diluted eps of $13.7 billion and $1.75, respectively.
fiscal year 2018 compared with fiscal year 2017
revenue increased $13.8 billion or 14%, driven by growth across each of our segments. productivity and business processes revenue increased, driven by linkedin and higher revenue from office. intelligent cloud revenue increased, primarily due to higher revenue from server products and cloud services. more personal computing revenue increased, driven by higher revenue from gaming, windows, search advertising, and surface, offset in part by lower revenue from phone.
part ii item 7
gross margin increased $9.7 billion or 16%, due to growth across each of our segments. gross margin percentage increased slightly, driven by favorable segment sales mix and gross margin percentage improvement in more personal computing. gross margin included a 7 percentage point improvement in commercial cloud, primarily from azure.
operating income increased $6.0 billion or 21%, driven by growth across each of our segments. linkedin operating loss increased $63 million to $987 million, including $1.5 billion of amortization of intangible assets. operating income included a favorable foreign currency impact of 2%.
key changes in expenses were:
•   sales and marketing expenses increased $2.0 billion or 13%, primarily due to linkedin expenses and investments in commercial sales capacity, offset in part by a decrease in windows marketing expenses.
•   research and development expenses increased $1.7 billion or 13%, primarily due to investments in cloud engineering and linkedin expenses.
fiscal year 2018 net income and diluted eps were negatively impacted by the net charge related to the enactment of the tcja, which resulted in a decrease to net income and diluted earnings per share of $13.7 billion and $1.75, respectively. fiscal year 2017 operating income, net income, and diluted eps were negatively impacted by restructuring expenses, which resulted in a decrease to operating income, net income, and diluted eps of $306 million, $243 million, and $0.04, respectively.
(in millions, except percentages)           2019                2018               2017               percentage      percentage change 2019     change 2018
revenue productivity and business processes             $41,160             $35,865            $29,870                 15%             20%
productivity and business processes             $16,219             $12,924            $11,389                 25%             13%
reportable segments fiscal year 2019 compared with fiscal year 2018
productivity and business processes revenue increased $5.3 billion or 15%.
•   office commercial revenue increased $3.2 billion or 13%, driven by office 365 commercial, offset in part by lower revenue from products licensed on-premises, reflecting a continued shift to cloud offerings. office 365 commercial grew 33%, due to growth in seats and higher average revenue per user.
part ii item 7
•   office consumer revenue increased $286 million or 7%, driven by office 365 consumer, due to recurring subscription revenue and transactional strength in japan.
•   linkedin revenue increased $1.5 billion or 28%, driven by growth across each line of business.
•   dynamics revenue increased 15%, driven by dynamics 365 growth.
operating income increased $3.3 billion or 25%, including an unfavorable foreign currency impact of 2%.
•   gross margin increased $4.1 billion or 15%, driven by growth in office commercial and linkedin. gross margin percentage increased slightly, due to gross margin percentage improvement in linkedin and office 365 commercial, offset in part by an increased mix of cloud offerings.
•   operating expenses increased $806 million or 6%, driven by investments in linkedin and cloud engineering, offset in part by a decrease in marketing.
•   server products and cloud services revenue, including github, increased $6.5 billion or 25%, driven by azure. azure revenue growth was 72%, due to higher infrastructure-as-a-service and platform-as-a-service consumption-based and per user-based services. server products revenue increased 6%, due to continued demand for premium versions and hybrid solutions, github, and demand ahead of end-of-support for sql server 2008 and windows server 2008.
•   enterprise services revenue increased $278 million or 5%, driven by growth in premier support services and microsoft consulting services.
•   gross margin increased $4.8 billion or 22%, driven by growth in server products and cloud services revenue and cloud services scale and efficiencies. gross margin percentage increased slightly, due to gross margin percentage improvement in azure, offset in part by an increased mix of cloud offerings.
•   operating expenses increased $2.4 billion or 22%, driven by investments in cloud and ai engineering, github, and commercial sales capacity.
•   windows revenue increased $877 million or 4%, driven by growth in windows commercial and windows oem, offset in part by a decline in patent licensing. windows commercial revenue increased 14%, driven by an increased mix of multi-year agreements that carry higher in-quarter revenue recognition. windows oem revenue increased 4%. windows oem pro revenue grew 10%, ahead of the commercial pc market, driven by healthy windows 10 demand. windows oem non-pro revenue declined 7%, below the consumer pc market, driven by continued pressure in the entry level category.
•   surface revenue increased $1.1 billion or 23%, with strong growth across commercial and consumer.
•   gaming revenue increased $1.0 billion or 10%, driven by xbox software and services growth of 19%, primarily due to third-party title strength and subscriptions growth, offset in part by a decline in xbox hardware of 13% primarily due to a decrease in volume of consoles sold.
•   search advertising revenue increased $616 million or 9%. search advertising revenue, excluding traffic acquisition costs, increased 13%, driven by higher revenue per search.
operating income increased $2.2 billion or 21%, including an unfavorable foreign currency impact of 2%.
•   gross margin increased $2.0 billion or 9%, driven by growth in windows, gaming, and search. gross margin percentage increased slightly, due to a sales mix shift to higher gross margin businesses in windows and gaming.
part ii item 7
fiscal year 2018 compared with fiscal year 2017
productivity and business processes revenue increased $6.0 billion or 20%.
•   linkedin revenue increased $3.0 billion to $5.3 billion. fiscal year 2018 included a full period of results, whereas fiscal year 2017 only included results from the date of acquisition on december 8, 2016. linkedin revenue primarily consisted of revenue from talent solutions.
•   office commercial revenue increased $2.4 billion or 11%, driven by office 365 commercial revenue growth, mainly due to growth in subscribers and average revenue per user, offset in part by lower revenue from products licensed on-premises, reflecting a continued shift to office 365 commercial.
•   office consumer revenue increased $382 million or 11%, driven by office 365 consumer revenue growth, mainly due to growth in subscribers.
•   dynamics revenue increased 13%, driven by dynamics 365 revenue growth.
operating income increased $1.5 billion or 13%, including a favorable foreign currency impact of 2%.
•   gross margin increased $4.4 billion or 19%, driven by linkedin and growth in office commercial. gross margin percentage decreased slightly, due to an increased mix of cloud offerings, offset in part by gross margin percentage improvement in office 365 commercial and linkedin. linkedin cost of revenue increased $818 million to $1.7 billion, including $888 million of amortization for acquired intangible assets.
•   operating expenses increased $2.9 billion or 25%, driven by linkedin expenses and investments in commercial sales capacity and cloud engineering. linkedin operating expenses increased $2.2 billion to $4.5 billion, including $617 million of amortization of acquired intangible assets.
•   server products and cloud services revenue increased $4.5 billion or 21%, driven by azure and server products licensed on-premises revenue growth. azure revenue grew 91%, due to higher infrastructure-as-a-service and platform-as-a-service consumption-based and per user-based services. server products licensed on-premises revenue increased 5%, mainly due to a higher mix of premium licenses for windows server and microsoft sql server.
•   enterprise services revenue increased $304 million or 5%, driven by higher revenue from premier support services and microsoft consulting services, offset in part by a decline in revenue from custom support agreements.
•   gross margin increased $3.1 billion or 16%, driven by growth in server products and cloud services revenue and cloud services scale and efficiencies. gross margin percentage decreased, due to an increased mix of cloud offerings, offset in part by gross margin percentage improvement in azure.
•   operating expenses increased $683 million or 7%, driven by investments in commercial sales capacity and cloud engineering.
•   windows revenue increased $925 million or 5%, driven by growth in windows commercial and windows oem, offset by a decline in patent licensing revenue. windows commercial revenue increased 12%, driven by multi-year agreement revenue growth. windows oem revenue increased 5%. windows oem pro revenue grew 11%, ahead of a strengthening commercial pc market. windows oem non-pro revenue declined 4%, below the consumer pc market, driven by continued pressure in the entry-level price category.
•   gaming revenue increased $1.3 billion or 14%, driven by xbox software and services revenue growth of 20%, mainly from third-party title strength.
part ii item 7
•   search advertising revenue increased $793 million or 13%. search advertising revenue, excluding traffic acquisition costs, increased 16%, driven by growth in bing, due to higher revenue per search and search volume.
•   surface revenue increased $625 million or 16%, driven by a higher mix of premium devices and an increase in volumes sold, due to the latest editions of surface.
operating income increased $1.8 billion or 20%, including a favorable foreign currency impact of 2%.
•   gross margin increased $2.2 billion or 11%, driven by growth in windows, surface, search, and gaming. gross margin percentage increased, primarily due to gross margin percentage improvement in surface.
•   operating expenses increased $391 million or 3%, driven by investments in search, ai, and gaming engineering and commercial sales capacity, offset in part by a decrease in windows marketing expenses.
corporate and other corporate and other includes corporate-level activity not specifically allocated to a segment, including restructuring expenses.
fiscal year 2019 compared with fiscal year 2018
we did not incur corporate and other activity in fiscal years 2019 or 2018.
fiscal year 2018 compared with fiscal year 2017
corporate and other operating loss decreased $306 million, due to a reduction in restructuring expenses, driven by employee severance expenses primarily related to our sales and marketing restructuring plan in fiscal year 2017.
operating expenses research and development
(in millions, except percentages)        2019            2018            2017         percentage      percentage change 2019     change 2018
research and development                  $16,876         $14,726         $13,037             15%             13%
as a percent of revenue                       13%             13%             13%            0ppt            0ppt research and development expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based compensation expense, and other headcount-related expenses associated with product development. research and development expenses also include third-party development and programming costs, localization costs incurred to translate software for international markets, and the amortization of purchased software code and services content.
fiscal year 2019 compared with fiscal year 2018
research and development expenses increased $2.2 billion or 15%, driven by investments in cloud and ai engineering, gaming, linkedin, and github.
fiscal year 2018 compared with fiscal year 2017
research and development expenses increased $1.7 billion or 13%, primarily due to investments in cloud engineering and linkedin expenses. linkedin expenses increased $762 million to $1.5 billion.
part ii item 7
sales and marketing
(in millions, except percentages)        2019            2018            2017         percentage       percentage change 2019      change 2018
sales and marketing                       $18,213         $17,469         $15,461               4%             13%
as a percent of revenue                       14%             16%             16%           (2)ppt            0ppt sales and marketing expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based compensation expense, and other headcount-related expenses associated with sales and marketing personnel, and the costs of advertising, promotions, trade shows, seminars, and other programs.
fiscal year 2019 compared with fiscal year 2018
sales and marketing expenses increased $744 million or 4%, driven by investments in commercial sales capacity, linkedin, and github, offset in part by a decrease in marketing. expenses included a favorable foreign currency impact of 2%.
fiscal year 2018 compared with fiscal year 2017
sales and marketing expenses increased $2.0 billion or 13%, primarily due to linkedin expenses and investments in commercial sales capacity, offset in part by a decrease in windows marketing expenses. linkedin expenses increased $1.2 billion to $2.5 billion, including $617 million of amortization of acquired intangible assets.
(in millions, except percentages)        2019            2018            2017         percentage      percentage change 2019     change 2018
as a percent of revenue                        4%              4%              5%            0ppt           (1)ppt general and administrative expenses include payroll, employee benefits, stock-based compensation expense, severance expense, and other headcount-related expenses associated with finance, legal, facilities, certain human resources and other administrative personnel, certain taxes, and legal and other administrative fees.
fiscal year 2019 compared with fiscal year 2018
fiscal year 2018 compared with fiscal year 2017
restructuring expenses restructuring expenses include employee severance expenses and other costs associated with the consolidation of facilities and manufacturing operations related to restructuring activities.
fiscal year 2019 compared with fiscal year 2018
we did not incur restructuring expenses in fiscal years 2019 or 2018.
fiscal year 2018 compared with fiscal year 2017
during fiscal year 2017, we recorded $306 million of employee severance expenses, primarily related to our sales and marketing restructuring plan.
part ii item 7
net recognized gains on investments                      648              2,399              2,583
net gains (losses) on derivatives                        144               (187   )           (510   )
net losses on foreign currency remeasurements            (82   )           (218   )           (111   )
we use derivative instruments to: manage risks related to foreign currencies, equity prices, interest rates, and credit; enhance investment returns; and facilitate portfolio diversification. gains and losses from changes in fair values of derivatives that are not designated as hedging instruments are primarily recognized in other income (expense), net.
fiscal year 2019 compared with fiscal year 2018
interest and dividends income increased primarily due to higher yields on fixed-income securities. interest expense decreased primarily driven by a decrease in outstanding long-term debt due to debt maturities, offset in part by higher finance lease expense. net recognized gains on investments decreased primarily due to lower gains on sales of equity investments. net gains on derivatives includes gains on foreign exchange and interest rate derivatives in the current period as compared to losses in the prior period.
fiscal year 2018 compared with fiscal year 2017
dividends and interest income increased primarily due to higher average portfolio balances and yields on fixed-income securities. interest expense increased primarily due to higher average outstanding long-term debt and higher finance lease expense. net recognized gains on investments decreased primarily due to higher losses on sales of fixed-income securities, offset in part by higher gains on sales of equity securities. net losses on derivatives decreased primarily due to lower losses on equity, foreign exchange, and commodity derivatives, offset in part by losses on interest rate derivatives in the current period as compared to gains in the prior period.
income taxes effective tax rate fiscal year 2019 compared with fiscal year 2018
our effective tax rate for fiscal years 2019 and 2018 was 10% and 55%, respectively. the decrease in our effective tax rate for fiscal year 2019 compared to fiscal year 2018 was primarily due to the net charge related to the enactment of the tcja in the second quarter of fiscal year 2018 and a $2.6 billion net income tax benefit in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2019 related to intangible property transfers. our effective tax rate was lower than the u.s. federal statutory rate, primarily due to the tax benefit related to intangible property transfers, and earnings taxed at lower rates in foreign jurisdictions resulting from producing and distributing our products and services through our foreign regional operations centers in ireland, singapore, and puerto rico.
the mix of income before income taxes between the u.s. and foreign countries impacted our effective tax rate as a result of the geographic distribution of, and customer demand for, our products and services. in fiscal year 2019, our u.s. income before income taxes was $15.8 billion and our foreign income before income taxes was $27.9 billion. in fiscal year 2018, our u.s. income before income taxes was $11.5 billion and our foreign income before income taxes was $24.9 billion.
part ii item 7
fiscal year 2018 compared with fiscal year 2017
our effective tax rate for fiscal years 2018 and 2017 was 55% and 15%, respectively. the increase in our effective tax rate for fiscal year 2018 compared to fiscal year 2017 was primarily due to the net charge related to the enactment of the tcja in fiscal year 2018 and the realization of tax benefits attributable to previous phone business losses in fiscal year 2017. our effective tax rate was higher than the u.s. federal statutory rate primarily due to the net charge related to the enactment of the tcja, offset in part by earnings taxed at lower rates in foreign jurisdictions resulting from our foreign regional operations centers in ireland, singapore, and puerto rico.
the mix of income before income taxes between the u.s. and foreign countries impacted our effective tax rate as a result of the geographic distribution of, and customer demand for, our products and services. in fiscal year 2018, our u.s. income before income taxes was $11.5 billion and our foreign income before income taxes was $24.9 billion. in fiscal year 2017, our u.s. income before income taxes was $6.8 billion and our foreign income before income taxes was $23.1 billion.
tax cuts and jobs act on december 22, 2017, the tcja was enacted into law, which significantly changed existing u.s. tax law and included numerous provisions that affect our business, such as imposing a one-time transition tax on deemed repatriation of deferred foreign income, reducing the u.s. federal statutory tax rate, and adopting a territorial tax system. in fiscal year 2018, the tcja required us to incur a transition tax on deferred foreign income not previously subject to u.s. income tax at a rate of 15.5% for foreign cash and certain other net current assets, and 8% on the remaining income. the tcja reduced the u.s. federal statutory tax rate from 35% to 21% effective january 1, 2018. in addition, the tcja subjected us to a tax on our global intangible low-taxed income ("gilti") effective july 1, 2018.
under gaap, we can make an accounting policy election to either treat taxes due on the gilti inclusion as a current period expense or factor such amounts into our measurement of deferred taxes. we elected the deferred method, under which we recorded the corresponding deferred tax assets and liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets.
during fiscal year 2018, we recorded a net charge of $13.7 billion related to the enactment of the tcja, due to the impact of the one-time transition tax on the deemed repatriation of deferred foreign income of $17.9 billion, offset in part by the impact of changes in the tax rate of $4.2 billion, primarily on deferred tax assets and liabilities. during the second quarter of fiscal year 2019, we recorded additional tax expense of $157 million, which related to completing our provisional accounting for gilti deferred taxes pursuant to securities and exchange commission staff accounting bulletin no. 118.
in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2019, in response to the tcja and recently issued regulations, we transferred certain intangible properties held by our foreign subsidiaries to the u.s. and ireland. the transfers of intangible properties resulted in a $2.6 billion net income tax benefit recorded in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2019, as the value of future tax deductions exceeded the current tax liability from foreign jurisdictions and u.s. gilti tax.
refer to note 12 - income taxes of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion.
part ii item 7
uncertain tax positions we settled a portion of the internal revenue service ("irs") audit for tax years 2004 to 2006 in fiscal year 2011. in february 2012, the irs withdrew its 2011 revenue agents report related to unresolved issues for tax years 2004 to 2006 and reopened the audit phase of the examination. we also settled a portion of the irs audit for tax years 2007 to 2009 in fiscal year 2016, and a portion of the irs audit for tax years 2010 to 2013 in fiscal year 2018. we remain under audit for tax years 2004 to 2013. we expect the irs to begin an examination of tax years 2014 to 2017 within the next 12 months.
as of june 30, 2019, the primary unresolved issues for the irs audits relate to transfer pricing, which could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements when the matters are resolved. we believe our allowances for income tax contingencies are adequate. we have not received a proposed assessment for the unresolved issues and do not expect a final resolution of these issues in the next 12 months. based on the information currently available, we do not anticipate a significant increase or decrease to our tax contingencies for these issues within the next 12 months.
we are subject to income tax in many jurisdictions outside the u.s. our operations in certain jurisdictions remain subject to examination for tax years 1996 to 2018, some of which are currently under audit by local tax authorities. the resolution of each of these audits is not expected to be material to our consolidated financial statements.
non-gaap financial measures non-gaap operating income, net income, and diluted eps are non-gaap financial measures which exclude the net tax impact of transfer of intangible properties, the net tax impact of the tcja, and restructuring expenses. we believe these non-gaap measures aid investors by providing additional insight into our operational performance and help clarify trends affecting our business. for comparability of reporting, management considers non-gaap measures in conjunction with gaap financial results in evaluating business performance. these non-gaap financial measures presented should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, the measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap.
the following table reconciles our financial results reported in accordance with gaap to non-gaap financial results:
(in millions, except percentages and per share amounts)         2019                   2018              2017         percentage      percentage change 2019     change 2018
restructuring expenses                                                   0                      0             306           *               *
restructuring expenses                                                   0                      0             243           *               *
restructuring expenses                                                   0                      0            0.04           *               *
part ii item 7
financial condition cash, cash equivalents, and investments cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments totaled $133.8 billion as of both june 30, 2019 and 2018. equity investments were $2.6 billion and $1.9 billion as of june 30, 2019 and 2018, respectively. our short-term investments are primarily intended to facilitate liquidity and capital preservation. they consist predominantly of highly liquid investment-grade fixed-income securities, diversified among industries and individual issuers. the investments are predominantly u.s. dollar-denominated securities, but also include foreign currency-denominated securities to diversify risk. our fixed-income investments are exposed to interest rate risk and credit risk. the credit risk and average maturity of our fixed-income portfolio are managed to achieve economic returns that correlate to certain fixed-income indices. the settlement risk related to these investments is insignificant given that the short-term investments held are primarily highly liquid investment-grade fixed-income securities.
valuation in general, and where applicable, we use quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities to determine the fair value of our financial instruments. this pricing methodology applies to our level 1 investments, such as u.s. government securities, common and preferred stock, and mutual funds. if quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities are not available to determine fair value, then we use quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities or inputs other than the quoted prices that are observable either directly or indirectly. this pricing methodology applies to our level 2 investments, such as commercial paper, certificates of deposit, u.s. agency securities, foreign government bonds, mortgage- and asset-backed securities, corporate notes and bonds, and municipal securities. level 3 investments are valued using internally-developed models with unobservable inputs. assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using unobservable inputs are an immaterial portion of our portfolio.
a majority of our investments are priced by pricing vendors and are generally level 1 or level 2 investments as these vendors either provide a quoted market price in an active market or use observable inputs for their pricing without applying significant adjustments. broker pricing is used mainly when a quoted price is not available, the investment is not priced by our pricing vendors, or when a broker price is more reflective of fair values in the market in which the investment trades. our broker-priced investments are generally classified as level 2 investments because the broker prices these investments based on similar assets without applying significant adjustments. in addition, all our broker-priced investments have a sufficient level of trading volume to demonstrate that the fair values used are appropriate for these investments. our fair value processes include controls that are designed to ensure appropriate fair values are recorded. these controls include model validation, review of key model inputs, analysis of period-over-period fluctuations, and independent recalculation of prices where appropriate.
cash flows fiscal year 2019 compared with fiscal year 2018
cash from operations increased $8.3 billion to $52.2 billion for fiscal year 2019, mainly due to an increase in cash received from customers, offset in part by an increase in cash paid to suppliers and employees and an increase in cash paid for income taxes. cash used in financing increased $3.3 billion to $36.9 billion for fiscal year 2019, mainly due to an $8.8 billion increase in common stock repurchases and a $1.1 billion increase in dividends paid, offset in part by a $6.2 billion decrease in repayments of debt, net of proceeds from issuance of debt. cash used in investing increased $9.7 billion to $15.8 billion for fiscal year 2019, mainly due to a $6.0 billion decrease in cash from net investment purchases, sales, and maturities, a $2.3 billion increase in additions to property and equipment, and a $1.5 billion increase in cash used for acquisitions of companies, net of cash acquired, and purchases of intangible and other assets.
part ii item 7
fiscal year 2018 compared with fiscal year 2017
cash from operations increased $4.4 billion to $43.9 billion for fiscal year 2018, mainly due to an increase in cash received from customers, offset in part by an increase in cash paid to employees, net cash paid for income taxes, cash paid for interest on debt, and cash paid to suppliers. cash used in financing was $33.6 billion for fiscal year 2018, compared to cash from financing of $8.4 billion for fiscal year 2017. the change was mainly due to a $41.7 billion decrease in proceeds from issuance of debt, net of repayments of debt, offset in part by a $1.1 billion decrease in cash used for common stock repurchases. cash used in investing decreased $40.7 billion to $6.1 billion for fiscal year 2018, mainly due to a $25.1 billion decrease in cash used for acquisitions of companies, net of cash acquired, and purchases of intangible and other assets, and a $19.1 billion increase in cash from net investment purchases, sales, and maturities.
debt we issue debt to take advantage of favorable pricing and liquidity in the debt markets, reflecting our credit rating and the low interest rate environment. the proceeds of these issuances were or will be used for general corporate purposes, which may include, among other things, funding for working capital, capital expenditures, repurchases of capital stock, acquisitions, and repayment of existing debt. refer to note 11 - debt of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion.
unearned revenue unearned revenue comprises mainly unearned revenue related to volume licensing programs, which may include software assurance ("sa") and cloud services. unearned revenue is generally invoiced annually at the beginning of each contract period for multi-year agreements and recognized ratably over the coverage period. unearned revenue also includes payments for other offerings for which we have been paid in advance and earn the revenue when we transfer control of the product or service. refer to note 1 - accounting policies of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion.
the following table outlines the expected future recognition of unearned revenue as of june 30, 2019:
if our customers choose to license cloud-based versions of our products and services rather than licensing transaction-based products and services, the associated revenue will shift from being recognized at the time of the transaction to being recognized over the subscription period or upon consumption, as applicable.
share repurchases for fiscal years 2019, 2018, and 2017, we repurchased 150 million shares, 99 million shares, and 170 million shares of our common stock for $16.8 billion, $8.6 billion, and $10.3 billion, respectively, through our share repurchase programs. all repurchases were made using cash resources. refer to note 17 - stockholders' equity of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion.
dividends refer to note 17 - stockholders' equity of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion.
part ii item 7
off-balance sheet arrangements we provide indemnifications of varying scope and size to certain customers against claims of intellectual property infringement made by third parties arising from the use of our products and certain other matters. additionally, we have agreed to cover damages resulting from breaches of certain security and privacy commitments in our cloud business. in evaluating estimated losses on these obligations, we consider factors such as the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and our ability to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of loss. these obligations did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements during the periods presented.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes the payments due by fiscal year for our outstanding contractual obligations as of june 30, 2019:
construction commitments (b)                                  3,443            515              0                0           3,958
transition tax (d)                                            1,180          2,900          4,168            8,155          16,403
purchase commitments (e)                                     17,478          1,185            159              339          19,161
other long-term liabilities (f)                                   0             72             29              324             425
(a)   refer to note 11 - debt of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k).
(b)   refer to note 7 - property and equipment of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k).
(c)   refer to note 15 - leases of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k).
(d)   refer to note 12 - income taxes of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k).
(e)   amounts represent purchase commitments, including open purchase orders and take-or-pay contracts that are not presented as construction commitments above.
(f)   we have excluded long-term tax contingencies, other tax liabilities, and deferred income taxes of $14.2 billion from the amounts presented as the timing of these obligations is uncertain. we have also excluded unearned revenue and non-cash items.
other planned uses of capital we will continue to invest in sales, marketing, product support infrastructure, and existing and advanced areas of technology, as well as continue making acquisitions that align with our business strategy. additions to property and equipment will continue, including new facilities, datacenters, and computer systems for research and development, sales and marketing, support, and administrative staff. we expect capital expenditures to increase in coming years to support growth in our cloud offerings. we have operating and finance leases for datacenters, corporate offices, research and development facilities, retail stores, and certain equipment. we have not engaged in any related party transactions or arrangements with unconsolidated entities or other persons that are reasonably likely to materially affect liquidity or the availability of capital resources.
liquidity as a result of the tcja, we are required to pay a one-time transition tax on deferred foreign income not previously subject to u.s. income tax. under the tcja, the transition tax is payable interest free over eight years, with 8% due in each of the first five years, 15% in year six, 20% in year seven, and 25% in year eight. we have paid transition tax of approximately $2.0 billion, which included $1.5 billion for fiscal year 2019. the first installment of the transition tax was paid in fiscal year 2019, and the remaining transition tax of $16.4 billion is payable over the next seven years with a final payment in fiscal year 2026. during the first quarter of fiscal year 2020, we expect to pay $1.2 billion related to the second installment of the transition tax, and $3.5 billion related to the transfer of intangible properties in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2019.
part ii item 7
we expect existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments, cash flows from operations, and access to capital markets to continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities, such as dividends, share repurchases, debt maturities, material capital expenditures, and the transition tax related to the tcja, for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future.
recent accounting guidance refer to note 1 - accounting policies of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion.
application of critical accounting policies our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with gaap. preparing consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. these estimates and assumptions are affected by management's application of accounting policies. critical accounting policies for us include revenue recognition, impairment of investment securities, goodwill, research and development costs, contingencies, income taxes, and inventories.
revenue recognition our contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services to a customer. determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately versus together may require significant judgment. when a cloud-based service includes both on-premises software licenses and cloud services, judgment is required to determine whether the software license is considered distinct and accounted for separately, or not distinct and accounted for together with the cloud service and recognized over time. certain cloud services, primarily office 365, depend on a significant level of integration, interdependency, and interrelation between the desktop applications and cloud services, and are accounted for together as one performance obligation. revenue from office 365 is recognized ratably over the period in which the cloud services are provided.
judgment is required to determine the stand-alone selling price ("ssp") for each distinct performance obligation. we use a single amount to estimate ssp for items that are not sold separately, including on-premises licenses sold with sa or software updates provided at no additional charge. we use a range of amounts to estimate ssp when we sell each of the products and services separately and need to determine whether there is a discount to be allocated based on the relative ssp of the various products and services.
in instances where ssp is not directly observable, such as when we do not sell the product or service separately, we determine the ssp using information that may include market conditions and other observable inputs. we typically have more than one ssp for individual products and services due to the stratification of those products and services by customers and circumstances. in these instances, we may use information such as the size of the customer and geographic region in determining the ssp.
due to the various benefits from and the nature of our sa program, judgment is required to assess the pattern of delivery, including the exercise pattern of certain benefits across our portfolio of customers.
our products are generally sold with a right of return, we may provide other credits or incentives, and in certain instances we estimate customer usage of our products and services, which are accounted for as variable consideration when determining the amount of revenue to recognize. returns and credits are estimated at contract inception and updated at the end of each reporting period if additional information becomes available. changes to our estimated variable consideration were not material for the periods presented.
part ii item 7
impairment of investment securities we review debt investments quarterly for indicators of other-than-temporary impairment. this determination requires significant judgment. in making this judgment, we employ a systematic methodology quarterly that considers available quantitative and qualitative evidence in evaluating potential impairment of our investments. if the cost of an investment exceeds its fair value, we evaluate, among other factors, general market conditions, credit quality of debt instrument issuers, and the duration and extent to which the fair value is less than cost. we also evaluate whether we have plans to sell the security or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery. in addition, we consider specific adverse conditions related to the financial health of and business outlook for the investee, including industry and sector performance, changes in technology, and operational and financing cash flow factors. once a decline in fair value is determined to be other-than-temporary, an impairment charge is recorded in other income (expense), net and a new cost basis in the investment is established. if market, industry, and/or investee conditions deteriorate, we may incur future impairments.
equity investments without readily determinable fair values are written down to fair value if a qualitative assessment indicates that the investment is impaired and the fair value of the investment is less than carrying value. we perform a qualitative assessment on a quarterly basis. we are required to estimate the fair value of the investment to determine the amount of the impairment loss. once an investment is determined to be impaired, an impairment charge is recorded in other income (expense), net.
goodwill we allocate goodwill to reporting units based on the reporting unit expected to benefit from the business combination. we evaluate our reporting units on an annual basis and, if necessary, reassign goodwill using a relative fair value allocation approach. goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level (operating segment or one level below an operating segment) on an annual basis (may 1 for us) and between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. these events or circumstances could include a significant change in the business climate, legal factors, operating performance indicators, competition, or sale or disposition of a significant portion of a reporting unit.
application of the goodwill impairment test requires judgment, including the identification of reporting units, assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units, assignment of goodwill to reporting units, and determination of the fair value of each reporting unit. the fair value of each reporting unit is estimated primarily through the use of a discounted cash flow methodology. this analysis requires significant judgments, including estimation of future cash flows, which is dependent on internal forecasts, estimation of the long-term rate of growth for our business, estimation of the useful life over which cash flows will occur, and determination of our weighted average cost of capital.
the estimates used to calculate the fair value of a reporting unit change from year to year based on operating results, market conditions, and other factors. changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and goodwill impairment for each reporting unit.
research and development costs costs incurred internally in researching and developing a computer software product are charged to expense until technological feasibility has been established for the product. once technological feasibility is established, software costs are capitalized until the product is available for general release to customers. judgment is required in determining when technological feasibility of a product is established. we have determined that technological feasibility for our software products is reached after all high-risk development issues have been resolved through coding and testing. generally, this occurs shortly before the products are released to production. the amortization of these costs is included in cost of revenue over the estimated life of the products.
legal and other contingencies the outcomes of legal proceedings and claims brought against us are subject to significant uncertainty. an estimated loss from a loss contingency such as a legal proceeding or claim is accrued by a charge to income if it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. in determining whether a loss should be accrued we evaluate, among other factors, the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and the ability to make a reasonable estimate of the amount of loss. changes in these factors could materially impact our consolidated financial statements.
part ii item 7
income taxes the objectives of accounting for income taxes are to recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year, and deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in an entity's financial statements or tax returns. we recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. accounting literature also provides guidance on derecognition of income tax assets and liabilities, classification of deferred income tax assets and liabilities, accounting for interest and penalties associated with tax positions, and income tax disclosures. judgment is required in assessing the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized on our consolidated financial statements or tax returns. variations in the actual outcome of these future tax consequences could materially impact our consolidated financial statements.
the tcja significantly changes existing u.s. tax law and includes numerous provisions that affect our business. refer to note 12 - income taxes of the notes to financial statements (part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k) for further discussion.
inventories inventories are stated at average cost, subject to the lower of cost or net realizable value. cost includes materials, labor, and manufacturing overhead related to the purchase and production of inventories. net realizable value is the estimated selling price less estimated costs of completion, disposal, and transportation. we regularly review inventory quantities on hand, future purchase commitments with our suppliers, and the estimated utility of our inventory. these reviews include analysis of demand forecasts, product life cycle status, product development plans, current sales levels, pricing strategy, and component cost trends. if our review indicates a reduction in utility below carrying value, we reduce our inventory to a new cost basis through a charge to cost of revenue.
part ii item 7
statement of management's responsibility for financial statements management is responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements and related information that are presented in this report. the consolidated financial statements, which include amounts based on management's estimates and judgments, have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america.
the company designs and maintains accounting and internal control systems to provide reasonable assurance at reasonable cost that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorized use or disposition, and that the financial records are reliable for preparing consolidated financial statements and maintaining accountability for assets. these systems are augmented by written policies, an organizational structure providing division of responsibilities, careful selection and training of qualified personnel, and a program of internal audits.
the company engaged deloitte & touche llp, an independent registered public accounting firm, to audit and render an opinion on the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states).
the board of directors, through its audit committee, consisting solely of independent directors of the company, meets periodically with management, internal auditors, and our independent registered public accounting firm to ensure that each is meeting its responsibilities and to discuss matters concerning internal controls and financial reporting. deloitte & touche llp and the internal auditors each have full and free access to the audit committee.
chief executive officer amy e. hood executive vice president and chief financial officer frank h. brod corporate vice president, finance and administration;