item 7.       management's discussion and analysis of consolidated financial condition and results of operations (dollars in millions, except per share, per ounce and per pound amounts)
the following management's discussion and analysis ("md&a") provides information that management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of newmont corporation, formerly newmont goldcorp corporation and newmont mining corporation, and its affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, "newmont," the "company," "our" and "we"). we use certain non-gaap financial measures in our md&a. for a detailed description of each of the non-gaap measures used in this md&a, please see the discussion under non-gaap financial measures beginning on page 78. this item should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in this annual report.
the following md&a generally discusses our consolidated financial condition and results of operations for 2019 and 2018 and year-to-year comparisons between 2019 and 2018. discussions of our consolidated financial condition and results of operations for 2017 and year-to-year comparisons between 2018 and 2017 included in item 7, management's discussion and analysis of consolidated financial condition and results of operations, in the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2018, filed with the securities and exchange commission on february 21, 2019, are incorporated by reference into this md&a.
overview newmont is the world's leading gold company and is the only gold company included in the s&p 500 index and fortune 500. we have been included in the dow jones sustainability index-world for 13 consecutive years and have adopted the world gold council's conflict-free gold policy. we are engaged in the exploration for and acquisition of gold and copper properties. we have significant operations and/or assets in the united states ("u.s."), canada, mexico, dominican republic, peru, suriname, argentina, chile, australia and ghana.
on january 14, 2019, the company entered into a definitive agreement (as amended by the first amendment to the arrangement agreement, dated as of february 19, 2019, the "arrangement agreement") to acquire all outstanding shares of goldcorp, inc. ("goldcorp"), an ontario corporation. on april 18, 2019 ("acquisition date"), pursuant to the arrangement agreement, newmont completed the business acquisition of goldcorp. under the terms of the arrangement agreement, the company acquired all outstanding common shares of goldcorp in a primarily stock transaction (the "newmont goldcorp transaction") for total cash and non-cash consideration of $9,456. results of the newmont goldcorp transaction within this report are included for the period april 18 to december 31, 2019, unless otherwise indicated. for further information, see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.
on march 10, 2019, the company entered into an implementation agreement with barrick gold corporation ("barrick") to establish a joint venture ("nevada jv agreement"). on july 1, 2019 (the "effective date"), newmont and barrick consummated the nevada jv agreement and established nevada gold mines llc ("ngm"), which combined certain mining operations and assets located in nevada, and certain of barrick's nevada mining operations and assets. in connection with the closing of the nevada jv agreement, newmont and barrick entered into an amended and restated limited liability company agreement of ngm, which is the primary operating document governing ngm. pursuant to the terms of the nevada jv agreement, newmont and barrick hold economic interests in the joint venture equal to 38.5% and 61.5%, respectively. barrick acts as the operator of ngm with overall management responsibility and is subject to the supervision and direction of ngm's board of managers, which is comprised of two managers appointed by newmont and three managers appointed by barrick. newmont and barrick have an equal number of representatives on ngm's technical, exploration and finance advisory committees. the following discussion and analysis, the consolidated financial results, results of operations, liquidity and financial conditions are presented based on our 38.5% proportionate share, unless otherwise indicated. for further information, see note 4 to the consolidated financial statements.
we continue to focus on improving safety and efficiency at our operations, maintaining leading environmental, social and governance practices, and sustaining our global portfolio of longer-life, lower cost mines to generate the financial flexibility we need to strategically reinvest in the business, strengthen the company's investment-grade balance sheet and return cash to shareholders.
assets held for sale in the fourth quarter of 2019, we entered into a binding agreement to sell the red lake complex in ontario, canada to evolution mining limited ("evolution"). pursuant to the terms of the agreement, upon closing the transaction we will receive proceeds of $375 in cash, adjusted for normal working capital movements, with contingent payments of up to an additional $100 tied to new mineralization discoveries over a fifteen year period.
in the fourth quarter of 2019, we entered into a binding agreement to sell our 50% interest in kalgoorlie consolidated gold mines ("kalgoorlie"), included as part of our australia segment, to northern star resources limited ("northern star"). we completed the sale on january 2, 2020, and pursuant to the terms of the agreement, received proceeds of $800, including $25 that gives northern star specified exploration tenements, transitional services support and an option to negotiate exclusively for 120 days the purchase of our kalgoorlie power business for fair market value.
the details of our sales are set forth below. see note 6 to our consolidated financial statement for additional information.
the silver sales during the year ended december 31, 2019 are associated with production at peñasquito resulting from the newmont goldcorp transaction. silver sales at all other newmont operations are recognized as a by-product credit to costs applicable to sales. see results of consolidated operations below.
the lead sales during the year ended december 31, 2019 are associated with production at peñasquito resulting from the newmont goldcorp transaction. see results of consolidated operations below.
the zinc sales during the year ended december 31, 2019 are associated with production at peñasquito resulting from the newmont goldcorp transaction. see results of consolidated operations below.
the details of our costs applicable to sales are set forth below. see note 5 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
costs applicable to sales increased in 2019, compared to 2018, primarily due to new production associated with the newmont goldcorp transaction, partially offset by lower stockpile and leach pad inventory adjustments.
the details of our depreciation and amortization are set forth below. see note 5 to our consolidated financial statements for additional information.
depreciation and amortization increased in 2019, compared to 2018, primarily due to new production associated with the newmont goldcorp transaction and higher amortization rates driven by the increase in fair value of the goldcorp and ngm assets, partially offset by lower leach pad and stockpile inventory adjustments.
reclamation and remediation expense was $280, $163 and $192 in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. reclamation and remediation expense increased in 2019, compared to 2018, primarily due to increased water management costs at yanacocha, an update of the project cost estimates at the dawn, mule canyon and northumberland sites, increased water management costs at the con mine and higher reclamation and remediation costs from the newmont goldcorp transaction.
for additional information about proven and probable reserves proven and probable reserves in item 2, properties.
advanced projects, research and development expense includes development project management costs, feasibility studies and other project expenses that do not qualify for capitalization. advanced projects, research and development expense was $150, $153, and $143 in 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively. advanced projects, research and development expense decreased slightly in 2019, compared to 2018, primarily due to lower spending associated with the yanacocha sulfides project and lower spend in nevada due to the formation of ngm which was mostly offset by increased spending related to the newmont goldcorp transaction and at various projects in africa.
impairment of long-lived assets was $5, $369 and $14 in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. impairment of long-lived assets decreased in 2019, compared to 2018, primarily due to the impairment of long-lived assets at certain exploration properties and the emigrant operation in nevada, due to the company's decision to focus on advancing other projects and a change in mine plan resulting in a significant decrease in mine life at emigrant, in the prior year, offset by non-cash write downs of obsolete assets at south america, africa and corporate and other in 2019.
services associated with the newmont goldcorp transaction and legal and hostile defense fees, investment banking fees and severance costs associated with the formation of ngm.
gain on formation of nevada gold mines was $2,390 in 2019, and represents the difference between the fair value of our 38.5% interest in ngm and the carrying value of the nevada mining operations contributed on july 1, 2019. for additional information regarding the formation of ngm, see note 4 to our consolidated financial statement.
other income, net was $327, $155 and $54 in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. other income, net increased in 2019, compared to 2018, primarily due to unrealized holding gains on investments, lower impairments of investments in 2019, pension and other post-employment benefit curtailment gains and business interruption insurance proceeds related to the musselwhite fire, offset by a decrease in gain on investments sales resulting from the exchange of certain royalty interests for cash consideration and an equity ownership and warrants in maverix metals inc. ("maverix") in june 2018 and foreign currency losses in 2019 compared to gains in 2018.
interest expense, net was $301, $207 and $241 in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. capitalized interest totaled $26, $37 and $22 in each year, respectively. interest expense, net increased in 2019 compared to 2018 primarily due to increased debt balances as a result of the newmont goldcorp transaction.
income and mining tax expense was $832, $386 and $1,127 in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the effective tax rate is driven by a number of factors and the comparability of our income tax expense for the reported periods has been primarily affected by (i) variations in our income before income taxes; (ii) geographic distribution of that income; (iii) impacts of the changes in tax law; (iv) valuation allowances on tax assets; (v) percentage depletion; (vi) fluctuation in the value of the united states dollar and foreign currencies; (vii) and the impact of specific transactions and assessments. as a result, the effective tax rate will fluctuate, sometimes significantly, year to year. this trend is expected to continue in future periods.
income tax               federal and                                                                                  income tax              federal and income                effective                  (benefit)                state cash            mining cash               income             effective                 (benefit)               state cash            mining cash
(1)   represents income (loss) from continuing operations by geographic location before income taxes and equity in affiliates. these amounts will not reconcile to the segment information for the reasons stated in note 5.
(2)   includes deduction for percentage depletion of $(49) and $(39) and mining taxes net of associated federal benefit of $19 and $18, respectively.
(5)   includes valuation allowance of $(310) and $150, expense related to the amendment of the 2014 u.s. federal income tax return and related carryback claims of $150 and $-, the expiration of capital loss carryover of $34 and $-, uncertain tax position reserve adjustment of $34 and $-, and sab 118 adjustments of $- and $(48), respectively.
(6)   includes mining taxes net of associated federal benefit of $48 and $36 and valuation allowance of $1 and $(45), respectively.
(7)   includes mining taxes net of associated federal benefit of $12 and $9 and valuation allowance of $23 and $20, respectively.
(8)   includes mining taxes net of associated federal benefit of $12 and $-, uncertain tax position reserve adjustment of $6 and $(34), valuation allowance of $(14) and $(7), and tax impacts from the exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency of $7 and $-, respectively.
(9)   includes uncertain tax position reserve adjustment of $25 and $-, valuation allowance of $13 and $-, and tax impacts from the exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency of $(10) and $-, respectively.
(10)   includes uncertain tax position reserve adjustments of $1 and $- and tax impacts from the exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency of $(91) and $-, respectively.
for additional information regarding our income and mining taxes, including details of our deferred tax assets, see note 11 to our consolidated financial statements.
equity income (loss) of affiliates was $95, $(33) and $(16) in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the increase in 2019 is primarily due to income from the pueblo viejo mine of $124, an equity method investment acquired in the newmont goldcorp transaction. since the acquisition date and on an attributable basis, earnings before income, taxes and depreciation and amortization ("pueblo viejo ebitda") related to the pueblo viejo mine was $245, based on 287,000 ounces of attributable gold production during the period. pueblo viejo ebitda is a non-gaap financial measure. see non-gaap financial measures beginning on page 78. for additional information regarding our equity income (loss) of affiliates, see note 12.
net income (loss) from discontinued operations was $(72), $61 and $(38) in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the decrease in 2019 from 2018 was primarily due to the increase in the holt royalty obligation driven by a decrease in discount rate and an increase in gold price, partially offset by an expected decrease in production from prior periods. for additional information regarding our discontinued operations, see note 13 to our consolidated financial statements.
other comprehensive income (loss) was $19, $(11) and $42 in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the increase in 2019 from 2018 was primarily due to an increased impact from cash flow hedge instruments and foreign currency translation adjustments, partially offset by the change in pension and other post-retirement benefits.
attributable gold from equity method investments (7)                      (ounces in thousands)
(4)   for the year ended 2019, the peñasquito mine in north america produced 15,860 thousand ounces of silver, 108 million pounds of lead and 187 million pounds of zinc. the peñasquito mine in north america was acquired during the second quarter of 2019 as part of the newmont goldcorp transaction.
(7)   income and expenses of equity method investments are included in equity income (loss) of affiliates. refer to note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our equity method investments.
●   new production in north america at éléonore, porcupine, peñasquito and red lake following the completion of the newmont goldcorp transaction, partially offset by lower ore grade milled and lower leach production at cc&amp;v;
●   lower production from australia due to lower ore grade milled at kalgoorlie and boddington, partially offset by higher mill throughput at tanami. the lower ore grade milled at kalgoorlie was a result of lower ore grade mined and reduced ore tons mined from the pit due to geotechnical challenges;
●   attributable gold production at ngm was 710,000 ounces since its formation on july 1, 2019. the carlin, phoenix, twin creeks and long canyon mine sites in nevada were included in the transaction with barrick, establishing ngm.
consolidated gold equivalent ounce - other metals production increased 164% primarily due to new production at peñasquito in north america, partially offset by the classification of copper produced at phoenix in nevada as a by-product following the formation of ngm and lower ore grade milled at boddington in australia. production at peñasquito was impacted by the operation being placed into care and maintenance for 49 days in the first half and 25 days in the second half of 2019 following community-led blockades.
costs applicable to sales per consolidated gold ounce increased 2% primarily due to unfavorable stripping and higher gold price driven royalties, partially offset by higher gold ounces sold and lower stockpile and leach pad inventory adjustments. costs applicable to sales per consolidated gold equivalent ounce - other metals increased 10% primarily due to a high unit cost produced at peñasquito as a result of the blockades, in addition to higher stockpile inventory adjustments and higher mobile equipment maintenance costs at boddington in australia.
depreciation and amortization per gold ounce increased 29% primarily due to higher amortization rates from asset additions including new assets acquired following the completion of the newmont goldcorp transaction and formation of ngm, partially offset by higher gold ounces sold and lower stockpile and leach pad inventory adjustments. depreciation and amortization per consolidated gold equivalent ounce - other metals increased 80% primarily due to higher amortization rates from asset additions including new assets acquired at peñasquito following the completion of the newmont goldcorp transaction.
all-in sustaining costs per consolidated gold ounce increased 6% primarily due to higher sustaining capital spend and higher costs applicable to sales per gold ounce. all-in sustaining costs per gold equivalent ounce - other metals increased 31% primarily due to higher sustaining capital, higher treatment and refining cost and higher costs applicable to sales per gold equivalent ounce - other metals.
musselwhite                                      3          -             -               2,248             -              -             4,912             -              -              8,174             -              -
peñasquito                                     129          -             -                 803             -              -               301             -              -              1,100             -              -
peñasquito (4)                                 443          -             -          $886              $-             $-            $342              $-             $-            $1,339             $-             $-
(4)   for the year ended december 31, 2019, peñasquito produced 15,860 thousand ounces of silver, 108 million pounds of lead and 187 million pounds of zinc. the peñasquito mine was acquired during the second quarter of 2019 as part of the newmont goldcorp transaction.
red lake, canada. gold production at red lake was 113,000 gold ounces since the completion of the acquisition of the red lake mine site as part of the newmont goldcorp transaction. production and cost metrics this year reflected on-going ramp up of mining at cochenour, which achieved commercial production on april 1, 2019 and a temporary pause in mining at the cochenour complex while buttress work was completed to strengthen controls against potential water ingress. mining resumed in october 2019 following the completion of the work. in the fourth quarter of 2019, we entered into a binding agreement to sell the red lake complex. the transaction is expected to close in the first quarter of 2020. refer to note 5 for further information on the assets held for sale.
musselwhite, canada. gold production at musselwhite was limited to 3,000 gold ounces since the completion of the acquisition of the musselwhite mine site as part of the newmont goldcorp transaction. there was no gold production in the second half of 2019 following a conveyor fire in march 2019. musselwhite resumed mining activities in the third quarter of 2019 and will continue stockpiling ore mined until processing activities are restarted, which is expected in the first half of 2020. since the fire, we collected $125 in insurance proceeds related to the conveyor fire of which $41 was recognized as an offset to the abnormal costs applicable to sales.
porcupine, canada. gold production at porcupine was 223,000 gold ounces since the completion of the acquisition of the porcupine mine site as part of the newmont goldcorp transaction. production and cost metrics this year were impacted negatively by the lower proportion of tons mined at hoyle pond, the highest-grade contributor to porcupine, and costs related to early production at borden, which achieved commercial production on october 1, 2019.
éléonore, canada. gold production at éléonore was 246,000 gold ounces since the completion of the acquisition of the éléonore mine site as part of the newmont goldcorp transaction. production and cost metrics this year were impacted positively by the commencement of mining from horizon 5, with increased tonnages offsetting lower grade based on the mining sequence.
peñasquito, mexico. gold and gold equivalent ounces - other metals production at peñasquito were 129,000 gold ounces and 443,000 gold equivalent ounces - other metals, respectively, since the completion of the acquisition of the peñasquito mine as part of the newmont goldcorp transaction. production and cost metrics were impacted negatively by the operation being placed into care and maintenance for 49 days in the first half and 25 days in the second half of 2019 due to blockades.
attributable gold from equity method investments (5)                      (ounces in thousands)
(4)   in december 2017, yanacocha repurchased a 5% interest held by the international finance corporation, increasing newmont's ownership in yanacocha from 51.35% to 54.05% as of december 31, 2017. in june 2018, yanacocha sold a 5% ownership interest to a subsidiary of sumitomo corporation, reducing newmont's ownership from 54.05% to 51.35%. see note 14 to our consolidated financial statements.
(5)   income and expenses of equity method investments are included in equity income (loss) of affiliates. refer to note 12 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our equity method investments.
yanacocha, peru. gold production increased 2% primarily due to higher leach production, partially offset by lower mill throughput and ore grade milled. costs applicable to sales per gold ounce decreased 7% primarily due to lower stockpile and leach pad inventory adjustments partially offset by lower by-product credits from the sale of copper and silver concentrates. depreciation and amortization per gold ounce increased 3% primarily due to higher amortization rates as a result of quecher main achieving commercial production in the fourth quarter of 2019. all-in sustaining costs per gold ounce decreased 1% primarily due to the lower costs applicable to sales per gold ounce, partially offset by higher sustaining capital and reclamation costs.
merian, suriname. gold production decreased 2% primarily due to lower ore grade milled, lower recovery and a lower draw-down of in-circuit inventory as compared to last year, partially offset by higher mill throughput. cost applicable to sales per gold ounce increased 10% primarily due to an unfavorable strip ratio and higher gold-price driven royalties. depreciation and amortization per gold ounce increased 6% primarily due to higher amortization rates from asset additions. all-in sustaining costs per gold ounce increased 10% primarily due to higher costs applicable to sales per gold ounce.
cerro negro, argentina. gold production at cerro negro was 334,000 gold ounces since the completion of the acquisition of cerro negro as part of the newmont goldcorp transaction. production and cost metrics this year were impacted positively by higher tonnages from mariana norte offsetting lower grade based on the mining sequence.
pueblo viejo, dominican republic. gold production at pueblo viejo was 287,000 gold ounces on an attributable basis since the completion of the acquisition of our interest in the pueblo viejo mine site as part of the newmont goldcorp transaction. refer to note 12 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our equity method investments.
boddington, australia. gold production decreased 1% primarily due to lower ore grade milled and lower throughput, partially offset by higher recovery. gold equivalent ounce - other metals production decreased 12% primarily due to lower ore grade milled. costs applicable to sales per gold ounce increased 3% primarily due to lower gold ounces sold, higher stockpile inventory adjustments and higher mobile equipment maintenance costs, partially offset by a favorable australian dollar foreign currency exchange rate. costs applicable to sales per gold equivalent ounce - other metals increased 6% primarily due to lower gold equivalent ounces-other metals sold, higher stockpile inventory adjustments and higher mobile equipment maintenance costs, partially offset by a favorable australian dollar foreign currency exchange rate. depreciation and amortization per gold ounce increased 6% primarily due to higher stockpile inventory adjustments. depreciation and amortization per gold equivalent ounce - other metals increased 9% primarily due to lower gold equivalent ounces - other metals sold and higher stockpile inventory adjustments. all-in sustaining costs per gold ounce increased 6% primarily due to higher costs applicable to sales per gold ounce and higher sustaining capital spend. all-in sustaining costs per gold equivalent ounce - other metals increased 6% primarily due to higher costs applicable to sales per gold equivalent ounce - other metals and higher sustaining capital spend.
tanami, australia. gold production increased 1% primarily due to higher mill throughput, partially offset by lower ore grade milled. costs applicable to sales per gold ounce decreased 10% primarily due to lower energy costs as a result of the tanami power plant, higher allocation of costs to deferred mine development and a favorable australian dollar foreign currency exchange rate. depreciation and amortization per gold ounce increased 29% primarily due to incremental depreciation from the tanami power plant achieving commercial production in the first quarter of 2019. all-in sustaining costs per gold ounce decreased 6% primarily due to lower costs applicable to sales per gold ounce, partially offset by higher sustaining capital spend.
kalgoorlie, australia. gold production decreased 28% primarily due to lower ore grade milled and lower throughput. the lower ore grade milled was a result of lower ore grade mined and lower ore tons mined from the pit due to geotechnical challenges. costs applicable to sales per gold ounce increased 31% primarily due to lower gold ounces sold and an unfavorable strip ratio, partially offset by a favorable australian dollar foreign currency exchange rate. depreciation and amortization per gold ounce increased 57% primarily due to lower gold ounces sold and higher amortization rates as a result of asset additions. all-in sustaining costs per gold ounce increased 37% primarily due to higher costs applicable to sales per gold ounce and higher sustaining capital spend. the company entered into a binding agreement to sell its 50% interest in kalgoorlie. the sale was completed on january 2, 2020. refer to note 5 for further information on the assets held for sale.
ahafo, ghana. gold production increased 47% primarily due to higher ore grade milled and mill throughput. the higher mill throughput was partially due to the ahafo mill expansion project achieving commercial production in the fourth quarter of 2019. costs applicable to sales per gold ounce decreased 16% primarily due to higher gold ounces sold and lower stockpile inventory adjustments, partially offset by higher gold-price driven royalties. depreciation and amortization per gold ounce increased 5% primarily due to higher amortization rates from asset additions, partially offset by higher gold ounces sold and lower stockpile inventory adjustments. all-in sustaining costs per gold ounce sold decreased 5% primarily due to lower costs applicable to sales per gold ounce, partially offset by higher sustaining capital spend.
akyem, ghana. gold production increased 2% primarily due to higher mill throughput and ore grade milled partially offset by lower recovery. costs applicable to sales per gold ounce increased 2% primarily due to higher gold-price driven royalties and higher equipment maintenance costs, partially offset by lower stockpile inventory adjustments. in december 2019, akyem declared a dividend of $90 entitling the government of ghana to a payment of $10 included in royalties. depreciation and amortization per gold ounce decreased 2% primarily due to lower stockpile inventory adjustments. all-in sustaining costs per gold ounce increased 2% primarily due to reclamation costs and costs applicable to sales per gold ounce, partially offset by lower sustaining capital spend.
(4)   for the year ended 2019, 2018 and 2017, the phoenix mine produced 15 million, 32 million and 33 million pounds of copper, respectively. the phoenix mine site was contributed to ngm effective july 1, 2019, at which point copper became a by-product.
nevada gold mines. attributable gold production at nevada gold mines was 710,000 gold ounces since its formation on july 1, 2019. during the second half of 2019, efforts were focused on achieving synergies and optimizing the operations. depreciation and amortization per gold ounce reflects the fair value of assets upon the formation of ngm. refer to note 4 for further discussion on the formation of ngm.
carlin, usa. the carlin mine site was included in the formation of ngm. gold production decreased by 56% primarily due to only six months of operations in 2019 as compared to a full year in 2018. costs applicable to sales per gold ounce increased 4% primarily due to lower mill throughput rates and ore grade milled as a result of the annual mill 6 outage in the first half of 2019. depreciation and amortization per gold ounce increased 10% primarily due to lower gold ounces sold and asset additions. all-in sustaining costs per gold ounce was 5% higher primarily due to higher costs applicable to sales per gold ounce.
phoenix, usa. the phoenix mine site was included in the formation of ngm. gold production decreased by 60% primarily due to only six months of operations in 2019 as compared to a full year in 2018. gold equivalent ounces - other metals production decreased 50% primarily due to six months of operations in 2019 as compared to a full year in 2018. costs applicable to sales per gold ounce increased 15% primarily due to lower mill throughput rates and ore grade processed, in addition to higher concentrate inventory adjustments. costs applicable to sales per gold equivalent ounce - other metals decreased 11% primarily due to higher ore grade milled. depreciation and amortization per gold ounce increased 40% primarily due to higher amortization rates as a result of lower reserve life. depreciation and amortization per gold equivalent ounce - other metals increased 7% primarily due to higher amortization rates as a result of lower reserve life. all-in sustaining costs per gold ounce increased 10% primarily due to higher costs applicable to sales per gold ounce partially offset by lower sustaining capital spend on a per ounce basis. all-in sustaining costs per gold equivalent ounce - other metals decreased 14% primarily due to lower costs applicable to sales per gold ounce and lower sustaining capital spend.
twin creeks, usa. the twin creeks mine site was included in the formation of ngm. gold production decreased 53% primarily due to six months of operations in 2019 as compared to a full year in 2018. costs applicable to sales per gold ounce decreased 4% primarily due to lower stockpile and leach pad inventory adjustments. depreciation and amortization per gold ounce was in line with the prior year. all-in sustaining costs per gold ounce decreased 2% primarily due to lower costs applicable to sales per gold ounce partially offset by higher sustaining capital spend on per ounce basis.
long canyon, usa. the long canyon mine site was included in the formation of ngm. gold production decreased 44% primarily due to six months of operations in 2019 as compared to a full year in 2018. costs applicable to sales per gold ounce decreased 11% primarily due to proportionately higher leach production as a result of timing of leach recoveries. depreciation and amortization per gold ounce decreased 16% primarily due to the proportionately higher leach production. all-in sustaining costs per gold ounce decreased 8% primarily due to lower costs applicable to sales per gold ounce partially offset by higher sustaining capital spend on per ounce basis.
foreign currency exchange rates our foreign operations sell their gold, copper, silver, lead and zinc production based on u.s. dollar metal prices. fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates do not have a material impact on our revenue since gold, copper, silver, lead and zinc are sold throughout the world in u.s. dollars. despite selling gold and silver in london, we have no exposure to the euro or the british pound.
foreign currency exchange rates can increase or decrease profits to the extent costs are paid in foreign currencies, including the australian dollar, the peruvian sol, the surinamese dollar, the canadian dollar, the mexican peso and the argentine peso. approximately 43%, 33% and 32% of our costs applicable to sales were paid in currencies other than the u.s. dollar in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively, including approximately 21% denominated in the australian dollar and 9% denominated in the canadian dollar in the current year. variations in the local currency exchange rates in relation to the u.s. dollar at our foreign mining operations decreased costs applicable to sales by $13 per ounce, net of hedging losses, in 2019 compared to 2018, primarily in australia.
our cerro negro mine, which was acquired as part of the newmont goldcorp transaction and located in argentina, is a u.s. dollar functional currency entity. on september 1, 2019, argentina's central bank enacted a number of temporary foreign currency controls in an effort to stabilize the local currency ("currency controls"). these currency controls include conversion requirements of export proceeds to local currency, limits on banks' use of foreign currency, restrictions on individuals' foreign currency purchases, and the reintroduction of affidavits to verify foreign currency transactions comply with regulations. argentina has also been considered a hyperinflationary environment with a cumulative inflation rate of over 100% for the last three years. since the currency controls were enacted, the company is required to convert metal sales proceeds to the argentine peso within five business days from receipt of cash at cerro negro and obtain central bank approval for any dividends or distributions to the parent company. while we have balances denominated in argentine pesos that relate to accounts payable and employee-related liabilities and tax receivables and liabilities, the majority of cerro negro's activity has historically been denominated in u.s. dollars. additionally, a component of the deferred tax liability is carried in argentine pesos, which is impacted by fluctuations in the argentine peso exchange rate. the currency controls did not have a significant impact on our financial statements in 2019. we have been successful in distributing cash
from cerro negro through registered intercompany debt and do not expect the currency controls to have a significant impact on our liquidity.
liquidity and capital resources liquidity overview we have a disciplined cash management strategy of maintaining financial flexibility to execute our capital priorities and provide long-term value to our shareholders. consistent with that strategy, we aim to self-fund development projects and make strategic partnerships focused on profitable growth, while reducing our debt and returning cash to stockholders through share repurchases and dividends.
at december 31, 2019, we had $2,243 in cash and cash equivalents, of which $1,186 was held in foreign subsidiaries and is primarily held in u.s dollar denominated accounts with the remainder in foreign currencies readily convertible to u.s. dollars. at december 31, 2019, $407 of the consolidated cash and cash equivalents was attributable to noncontrolling interests primarily related to our peru and suriname operations, which is being held to fund those operations. at december 31, 2019, $1,034 in consolidated cash and cash equivalents ($636 attributable to newmont) was held at certain foreign subsidiaries that, if repatriated, may be subject to withholding taxes. we expect that there would be no additional tax burden upon repatriation after considering the cash cost associated with the withholding taxes. we believe that our liquidity and capital resources from u.s. operations are adequate to fund our u.s. operations and corporate activities.
we believe our existing consolidated cash and cash equivalents, available capacity on our revolving credit facility, and cash generated from continuing operations will be adequate to satisfy working capital needs, fund future growth, meet debt obligations, pay dividends and meet other liquidity requirements for the foreseeable future. at december 31, 2019, no borrowings were outstanding under our revolving credit facility.
our financial position was as follows:
borrowing capacity on revolving credit facility       $2,940                  $2,914
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities of continuing operations         $2,876              $1,837              $2,139
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities of discontinued operations              (10)                (10)               (15)
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities                                  $2,866              $1,827              $2,124
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities                                  $(1,226)            $(1,177)            $(946)
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                  $(2,777)            $(455)              $(668)
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities of continuing operations was $2,876 in 2019, an increase of $1,039 from 2018 primarily due to higher sales from the newmont goldcorp transaction and a higher average realized gold price, partially offset
by amounts paid for newmont goldcorp transaction and integration costs, costs incurred for the nevada jv agreement transaction and integration costs, higher interest payments due to higher debt balances and costs incurred while the peñasquito and musselwhite mines were not operational.
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities was $(1,226) in 2019, an increase in cash used of $49 from 2018, primarily due to additions to property, plant and mine development in 2019 driven by higher capital expenditures on sustaining capital and higher purchases of investments during the year ended 2019, primarily related to the acquisition of convertible debt issued by continental gold, inc. and marketable securities, partially offset by cash acquired in the newmont goldcorp transaction, return of investment from equity method investees of $132 in 2019 related to pueblo viejo, higher proceeds from sales of investments and $20 in proceeds from the sale of exploration properties in nevada in 2019.
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities was $(2,777) in 2019, an increase in cash used of $2,322 from 2018, primarily due to the repayment of a term loan and revolving credit facility acquired in the newmont goldcorp transaction totaling $1,250, repayment of the 2019 senior notes totaling $626, higher dividends paid to common stockholders due to the payment of a one-time special dividend of $470 and an increase in the number of shares outstanding beginning in the second quarter of 2019, higher repurchases of common stock, higher payments on lease and other financing obligations and higher net distributions to noncontrolling interests, partially offset by net proceeds of $690 from the issuance of the 2029 senior notes in 2019.
capital expenditures cash generated from operations is used to execute our capital priorities, which include sustaining and developing our global portfolio of long-lived assets. we consider sustaining capital as those capital expenditures that are necessary to maintain current production and execute the current mine plan. capital expenditures to develop new operations, or related to projects at existing operations where those projects will materially benefit the operation, are considered non-sustaining or development capital. in addition, with the successful consummation of the newmont goldcorp transaction, the company is focused on reprioritization of development projects in its pipeline to ensure that it executes on its capital priorities and provides long-term value to shareholders. the company's decision to reprioritize or abandon a development project could result in a future impairment charge.
for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, we had additions to property, plant and mine development as follows:
development         sustaining                          development         sustaining                          development         sustaining projects            capital             total           projects            capital             total           projects            capital             total north america                                     $81                 $295                $376            $-                  $29                 $29             $-                  $33                 $33
for the year ended december 31, 2019, development projects included borden, musselwhite materials handling and éléonore lower mine material handling system in north america; quecher main and yanacocha sulfides in south america; tanami expansion 2 in australia; ahafo north, subika underground and ahafo mill expansion in africa; and goldrush complex and turquoise ridge 3rd shaft in nevada. for the year ended december 31, 2018, development projects included quecher main and the merian crusher in south america; tanami expansion 2 in australia; ahafo north, subika underground and ahafo mill expansion in africa; and twin creeks underground in nevada. for the year ended december 31, 2017, development projects included the merian crusher and quecher main in south america; tanami expansions in australia; subika underground and ahafo mill expansion in africa; and twin creeks underground and long canyon in nevada.
for the years ended december 31, 2019, 2018 and 2017, sustaining capital included the following:
●   north america. capital expenditures primarily related to surface and underground mine development, tailings facility construction, mining equipment and capitalized component purchases;
●   south america. capital expenditures primarily related to capitalized component purchases, mining equipment, reserve drilling conversion, underground mine development, tailings facility construction and infrastructure improvements;
●   australia. capital expenditures primarily related to equipment and capitalized component purchases, underground mine development and tailings and support facilities;
●   africa. capital expenditures primarily related to underground mine development, tailings facility construction, capitalized component purchases and tailings facility expansion; and
●   nevada. capital expenditures primarily related to surface and underground mine development, tailings facility construction and capitalized component purchases.
during 2019, 2018 and 2017, $112, $117 and $77, respectively, of drilling and related costs were capitalized and included in mine development costs. these capitalized costs included $23 at north america, $20 at south america, $51 at australia, $11 at africa and $7 at nevada in 2019; $3 at north america, $13 at south america, $66 at australia, $8 at africa and $27 at nevada in 2018 and, $1 at north america, $6 at south america, $44 at australia, $5 at africa and $21 at nevada in 2017.
during 2019, 2018 and 2017, $43, $40 and $11, respectively, of pre-stripping costs were capitalized and included in mine development costs. pre-stripping costs included the quecher main project at yanacocha in south america and south arturo in nevada in 2019; the quecher main project at yanacocha in south america and globe hill at cc&v in north america in 2018; and globe hill at cc&v in north america and the goldstar pit at carlin in nevada in 2017.
additionally, in 2019, we completed the tanami power project in australia which included the construction of a gas pipeline to the tanami site, and construction and operation of two on-site power stations. the gas pipeline and two on-site power stations qualify as finance leases with lease obligations of $189, of which $26 was current as of december 31, 2019. these leases qualified as build-to-suit leases with financing obligations under the build-to-suit arrangements of $210 and $14 as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, of which $24 and $- was current as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
refer to note 5 to our consolidated financial statements and part ii, item 7 non-gaap financial measures all-in sustaining costs for further information.
debt and corporate revolving credit facilities in september 2019, we completed a public offering of $700 unsecured senior notes due october 2029 ("2029 notes"). net proceeds from the 2029 notes were $690. the proceeds from this issuance were primarily used to repay the outstanding balance on the 2019 senior notes of $626 on october 1, 2019.
on april 4, 2019, we entered into a $3,000 revolving credit facility ("new credit agreement") with a syndicate of financial institutions that expires in april 2024. the new credit agreement provides for borrowings in u.s. dollars and contains a letter of credit sub-facility. facility fees vary based on the credit ratings of our senior, uncollateralized, non-current debt. borrowings under the facility bear interest at a market based rate plus a margin determined by our credit rating. the new credit agreement replaces our existing credit agreement dated as of may 20, 2011, as amended and restated as of may 25, 2017 ("existing credit agreement"). outstanding letters of credit under the existing credit agreement were transferred to the new credit agreement debt covenants under the new credit agreement are substantially the same as the existing credit agreement.
upon closing of the newmont goldcorp transaction, we paid the outstanding principal balances of goldcorp's term loan of $400 and goldcorp's revolving credit facility of $850. additionally, we completed a like-for-like exchange for most of the outstanding notes issued by goldcorp ("existing goldcorp notes"), with an aggregate principal amount of $2,000, for new notes issued by newmont (the "new newmont notes") and nominal cash consideration. the new newmont notes, issued april 22, 2019, and the existing goldcorp notes that were not tendered for exchange, consist of $472 and $78 of 3.625% notes due june 9, 2021, $810 and $190 of 3.70% notes due march 15, 2023 and $444 and $6 of 5.45% notes due june 9, 2044, respectively. pursuant to registration rights issued with the new newmont notes, the company filed form s-4 on june 28, 2019, which was declared effective on july 9, 2019. the exchange for the registered notes was completed on august 9, 2019.
debt covenants our senior notes and revolving credit facility contain various covenants and default provisions including payment defaults, limitation on liens, leases, sales and leaseback agreements and merger restrictions. furthermore, our senior notes and corporate
revolving credit facility contain covenants that include, limiting the sale of all or substantially all of our assets, certain change of control provisions and a negative pledge on certain assets.
the corporate revolving credit facility contains a financial ratio covenant requiring us to maintain a net debt (total debt net of cash and cash equivalents) to total capitalization ratio of less than or equal to 62.50% in addition to the covenants noted above.
at december 31, 2019 and 2018, we were in compliance with all debt covenants and provisions related to potential defaults.
shelf registration statement in september 2018, we filed with the sec a shelf registration statement on form s-3 which enables us to issue an indeterminate number or amount of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, guarantees of debt securities and warrants from time to time at indeterminate prices, subject to the limitations of the delaware general corporation law, our certification of incorporation and our bylaws. it also included the resale of an indeterminate amount of common stock, preferred stock and debt securities from time to time upon exercise of warrants or conversion of convertible securities.
remediation and reclamation liabilities (2)                   4,797               173               533               332              3,759
employee-related benefits (3)                                 1,315               434               212               139                530
uncertain income tax liabilities and interest (4)               462               462                 -                 -                  -
(2)   mining operations are subject to extensive environmental regulations in the jurisdictions in which they operate. pursuant to environmental regulations, we are required to close our operations and reclaim and remediate the lands that operations have disturbed. the estimated undiscounted cash outflows of these reclamation and remediation liabilities are reflected here. for more information regarding reclamation and remediation liabilities, see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.
(3)   contractual obligations for employee-related benefits include severance, workers' participation, pension and other benefit plans. pension plan benefit payments beyond 2029 cannot be reasonably estimated given variable market conditions and actuarial assumptions and are not included.
(4)   we are unable to reasonably estimate the timing of our uncertain income tax liabilities and interest payments beyond 2020 due to uncertainties in the timing of the effective settlement of tax positions.
(6)   purchase obligations are not recorded in the consolidated financial statements. purchase obligations represent contractual obligations for purchase of power, materials and supplies, consumables, inventories and capital projects.
(7)   other includes service contracts and other obligations not recorded in our consolidated financial statements, as well as the holt royalty obligation accrued in other current liabilities and other non-current liabilities and the norte abierto and galore creek deferred payment obligations accrued in other non-current liabilities.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have off-balance sheet arrangements of $1,924 of outstanding surety bonds, bank letters of credit and bank guarantees (see note 32 to the consolidated financial statements). at december 31, 2019, $60 of the $3,000 corporate revolving credit facility was used to secure the issuance of letters of credit, primarily supporting reclamation obligations.
environmental our mining and exploration activities are subject to various federal and state laws and regulations governing the protection of the environment. we have made, and expect to make in the future, expenditures to comply with such laws and regulations, but cannot predict the full amount of such future expenditures. we perform a comprehensive review of our reclamation and remediation liabilities
annually and review changes in facts and circumstances associated with these obligations at least quarterly. at december 31, 2019 and 2018, $3,334 and $2,316, respectively, were accrued for reclamation costs relating to currently or recently producing or development stage mineral properties, of which $125 and $65, respectively, were classified as current liabilities. included in our environmental liabilities as at december 31, 2019 is $882 relating to the newmont goldcorp transaction that closed on april 18, 2019. the formation of ngm resulted in a net decrease of $49 to our reclamation liabilities. refer to notes 3 and 4 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the newmont goldcorp transaction and the formation of ngm, respectively. as newmont reached a definitive agreement for the sale of the red lake and kalgoorlie assets, the related reclamation obligations were classified as held for sale as of december 31, 2019. refer to note 5 of our consolidated financial statements for further information.
in addition, we are involved in several matters concerning environmental obligations associated with former, primarily historic, mining activities. based upon our best estimate of our liability for these matters, $299 and $279 were accrued for such obligations at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively, of which $44 and $49, respectively, were classified as current liabilities. we spent $31, $39 and $44 during 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively, for environmental obligations related to the former mining activities. expenditures during 2019 primarily related to increased water management costs at yanacocha, updated project costs estimates at dawn, mule canyon and northumberland sites, increased water management costs at the con mine and higher reclamation and remediation costs from the newmont goldcorp transaction. expenditures during 2018 relate primarily to project spending at the midnite mine site and dawn mill site in washington state.
during the year ended 2019, 2018, and 2017, capital expenditures were approximately $65, $81, and $78, respectively, to comply with environmental regulations.
for more information on the company's reclamation and remediation liabilities, see notes 7, 25 and 32 to the consolidated financial statements.
forward-looking statements the foregoing discussion and analysis, as well as certain information contained elsewhere in this annual report, contain "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended, and are intended to be covered by the safe harbor created thereby. for a more detailed discussion of risks and other factors that might impact forward-looking statements and other important information about forward-looking statements, see the discussion in forward-looking statements in item 1, business and item 1a, risk factors.
non-gaap financial measures non-gaap financial measures are intended to provide additional information only and do not have any standard meaning prescribed by u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"). these measures should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance prepared in accordance with gaap. unless otherwise noted, we present the non-gaap financial measures of our continuing operations in the tables below. for additional information regarding our discontinued operations, see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.
earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization and adjusted earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization management uses earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization ("ebitda") and ebitda adjusted for non-core or certain items that have a disproportionate impact on our results for a particular period ("adjusted ebitda") as non-gaap measures to evaluate the company's operating performance. ebitda and adjusted ebitda do not represent, and should not be considered an alternative to, net income (loss), operating income (loss), or cash flow from operations as those terms are defined by gaap, and do not necessarily indicate whether cash flows will be sufficient to fund cash needs. although adjusted ebitda and similar measures are frequently used as measures of operations and the ability to meet debt service requirements by other companies, our calculation of adjusted ebitda is not necessarily comparable to such other similarly titled captions of other companies. the company believes that adjusted ebitda provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating our operating results in the same manner as our management and board of directors. management's determination of the components of adjusted ebitda are evaluated periodically and based, in part, on a review of non-gaap financial measures used by mining industry analysts. net income (loss) attributable to newmont stockholders is reconciled to ebitda and adjusted ebitda as follows:
equity loss (income) of affiliates                                       (95)                  33                  16
income and mining tax expense (benefit)                                   832                 386               1,127
ebitda                                                           $5,954               $2,160              $2,574
emigrant leach pad write-down (11)                                          -                  22                   -
acquisition cost adjustments (12)                                           -                   -                   2
adjusted ebitda                                                  $3,734               $2,584              $2,650
(1)   for additional information regarding our discontinued operations, see note 13 to our consolidated financial statements.
(2)   gain on formation of nevada gold mines represents the difference between the fair value of our 38.5% interest in ngm and the carrying value of the nevada mining operations contributed. for additional information regarding ngm, see note 4 to our consolidated financial statements.
(4)   change in fair value of investments, included in other income, net, primarily represents unrealized holding gains and losses on marketable equity securities and our investment instruments in continental gold inc. for additional information regarding our investment in continental, see note 20 to our consolidated financial statements.
(5)   reclamation and remediation charges, included in reclamation and remediation, represent revisions to reclamation and remediation plans and cost estimates at the company's former historic mining operations. the 2019 charges include updated water management costs for operations no longer in production at the yanacocha mine, updated project cost estimates at the mule canyon and northumberland mine sites and a review of the project cost estimates at the midnite and dawn remediation site, as well as increased water management costs at the con mine. the 2018 charges include adjustments at the idarado, lone tree and rain remediation and closure sites. the 2017 charges include adjustments at the
rain, midnite, resurrection and san luis remediation and closure sites in december 2017. for additional information regarding reclamation and remediation charges, see note 7 to our consolidated financial statements.
(6)   loss (gain) on asset and investment sales, included in other income, net, primarily represents a gain on the sale of exploration land in 2019, a gain from the exchange of certain royalty interests for cash consideration and an equity ownership and warrants in maverix in 2018 and a gain from the exchange of our interest in the fort á la corne joint venture for equity ownership in star diamond corporation ("star diamond"), formerly known as shore gold inc. ("shore gold") in 2017.
(8)   restructuring and other, net included in other expense, net, primarily represents certain costs, unrelated to the newmont goldcorp transaction or the formation of ngm, associated with severance and employee-related benefits, and legal and other settlements of $12, $20, $14. restructuring and other, net included in other income, net, primarily represents net pension curtailment gains of ($20), $-, $-.
(9)   impairment of long-lived assets, included in impairment of long-lived assets, represents non-cash write-downs of long-lived assets. impairments include $366 related to long-lived assets in nevada in 2018. see note 8 to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
(11)   the emigrant leach pad write-down, included in costs applicable to sales, represents a write-down to reduce the carrying value of the leach pad to net realizable value at emigrant due to a change in mine plan resulting in a significant decrease in mine life in 2018.
(12)   acquisition cost adjustments, included in other expense, net, represent net adjustments to the contingent consideration and related liabilities associated with the acquisition of the final 33.33% interest in boddington in june 2009.
additionally, the company uses pueblo viejo ebitda as a non-gaap measure to evaluate the operating performance of its investment in the pueblo viejo mine. pueblo viejo ebitda does not represent, and should not be considered an alternative to, equity income (loss) of affiliates, as defined by gaap, and does not necessarily indicate whether cash distributions from pueblo viejo will match pueblo viejo ebitda or earnings from affiliates. although the company has the ability to exert significant influence, it does not have direct control over the operations or resulting revenues and expenses, nor does it proportionately consolidate its investment in pueblo viejo. the company believes that pueblo viejo ebitda provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating the operating results of its investment in pueblo viejo, in the same manner as management and the board of directors. equity income (loss) of affiliates is reconciled to pueblo viejo ebitda as follows:
equity income (loss) of affiliates (1)                               $95                $(33)              $(16)
equity income (loss) of affiliates, excluding pueblo viejo (1)             (29)               (33)               (16)
equity income (loss) of affiliates, pueblo viejo (1)                        124               -                  -
income and mining tax benefit (expense)                                      69               -                  -
pueblo viejo ebitda                                                  $245               $-                 $-
management uses adjusted net income (loss) to evaluate the company's operating performance and for planning and forecasting future business operations. the company believes the use of adjusted net income (loss) allows investors and analysts to understand the results of the continuing operations of the company and its direct and indirect subsidiaries relating to the sale of products, by excluding certain items that have a disproportionate impact on our results for a particular period. adjustments to continuing operations are presented before tax and net of our partners' noncontrolling interests, when applicable. the tax effect of adjustments is presented in the tax effect of adjustments line and is calculated using the applicable regional tax rate. management's determination of the components of adjusted net income (loss) are evaluated periodically and based, in part, on a review of non-gaap financial measures used by mining industry analysts. net income (loss) attributable to newmont stockholders is reconciled to adjusted net income (loss) as follows:
(2)   for additional information regarding our discontinued operations, see note 13 to our consolidated financial statements.
(3)   gain on formation of nevada gold mines represents the difference between the fair value of our 38.5% interest in ngm and the carrying value of the nevada mining operations contributed. for additional information regarding ngm, see note 4 to our consolidated financial statements.
(5)   change in fair value of investments, included in other income, net, primarily represents unrealized holding gains and losses on marketable equity securities and our investment instruments in continental gold inc. for additional information regarding our investment in continental, see note 20 to our consolidated financial statements.
(6)   reclamation and remediation charges, net, included in reclamation and remediation, represent revisions to remediation plans at the company's former historic mining operations, including adjustments related to updated water management costs for operations no longer in production at the yanacocha mine, updated project cost estimates at the mule canyon and northumberland mine sites and a review of the project cost estimates at the midnite and dawn remediation site, as well as increased water management costs at the con mine. amount is presented net of income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests of $(21). for additional information regarding reclamation and remediation charges, see note 7 to our consolidated financial statements.
(9)   restructuring and other, net, included in other expense, net, primarily represents certain costs, unrelated to the newmont goldcorp transaction or the formation of ngm, associated with severance and employee-related benefits, and legal and other settlements of $12. restructuring and other, net included in other income, net, primarily represents net pension curtailment gains of ($20). amount is presented net of income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests of $(1).
(10)   impairment of long-lived assets, net, included in impairment of long-lived assets, represents non-cash write-downs of long-lived assets. amount is presented net of income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests of $(1).
(12)   the tax effect of adjustments, included in income and mining tax benefit (expense), represents the tax effect of adjustments in footnotes (3) through (11), as described above, and are calculated using the applicable regional tax rate.
(13)   valuation allowance and other tax adjustments, net, included in income and mining tax benefit (expense), is recorded for items such as foreign tax credits, alternative minimum tax credits, capital losses, disallowed foreign losses, and the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities. the adjustment is due to a net increase or (decrease) to net operating losses, tax credit carryovers and other deferred tax assets subject to valuation allowance of $(262), the effects of changes in foreign exchange rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities of $(95), the effects related to the amendment of the 2014 u.s. federal income tax return and related carrybacks of $150, additions to the reserve for uncertain tax positions of $70, the expiration of u.s. capital loss carryovers of $34, and other tax adjustments of $28. amounts is presented net of income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests of $(9).
(14)   adjusted net income (loss) per diluted share is calculated using diluted common shares, which are calculated in accordance with u.s. gaap.
emigrant leach pad write-down (7)                                                                  29                 0.05                 0.05
(2)   for additional information regarding our discontinued operations, see note 13 to our consolidated financial statements.
(3)   impairment of long-lived assets, included in impairment of long-lived assets, represents non-cash write-downs of long-lived assets. the amount includes $366 related to long-lived assets in nevada in 2018. see note 8 to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
(4)   loss (gain) on asset and investment sales, included in other income, net, primarily represents a gain from the exchange of certain royalty interests for cash consideration and an equity ownership and warrants in maverix.
(5)   change in fair value of investments, included in other income, net, primarily represents unrealized holding gains and losses on marketable equity securities and our investment instruments in continental gold inc.
(7)   the emigrant leach pad write-down, included in costs applicable to sales and depreciation and amortization, represents a write-down to reduce the carrying value of the leach pad to net realizable value at emigrant due to a change in mine plan resulting in a significant decrease in mine life.
(8)   reclamation and remediation charges, included in reclamation and remediation, represent revisions to reclamation and remediation plans and cost estimates at the company's former mining operations, including adjustments at the idarado, lone tree and rain remediation and closure sites.
(9)   restructuring and other, net, included in other expense, net, primarily represents certain costs associated with severance, legal and other settlements. amount is presented net of income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests of $(4).
(10)   the tax effect of adjustments, included in income and mining tax benefit (expense), represents the tax effect of adjustments in footnotes (3) through (9), as described above, and are calculated using the applicable regional tax rate.
(11)   re-measurement due to the tax cuts and jobs act, included in income and mining tax benefit (expense), represents the re-measurement of our u.s. deferred tax assets and liabilities from 35% to the reduced tax rate of 21%. amount reflects the final adjustments to the provisional re-measurement expense.
(12)   tax restructuring related to the tax cuts and jobs act, included in income and mining tax benefit (expense), represents changes resulting from restructuring our holding of non-u.s. operations for u.s. federal income tax purposes. amount reflects the final adjustments to the provisional restructuring charge.
(13)   valuation allowance and other tax adjustments, net, included in income and mining tax benefit (expense), predominantly represent adjustments to remove the impact of our valuation allowances for items such as foreign tax credits, alternative minimum tax credits, capital losses and disallowed foreign losses. we believe that these valuation allowances cause significant fluctuations in our financial results that are not indicative of our underlying financial performance. the adjustments during 2018 are due to an increase to the valuation allowance on u.s. net operating losses, credit carryovers, and other u.s. deferred tax assets of $191, other tax adjustments of $(3), and a decrease to the valuation allowance on u.s. capital losses of $(15). amount is presented net of income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests of $(15).
(14)   adjusted net income (loss) per diluted share is calculated using diluted common shares, which are calculated in accordance with u.s. gaap.
acquisition cost adjustments (7)                                                                   2                    -                    -
adjustment to equity method investment (9)                                                         7                 0.01                 0.01
(2)   for additional information regarding our discontinued operations, see note 13 to our consolidated financial statements.
(3)   reclamation and remediation charges, included in reclamation and remediation, represent revisions to reclamation and remediation plans and cost estimates at the company's former historic mining operations, including adjustments at the rain, midnite, resurrection and san luis remediation and closure sites.
(4)   loss (gain) on asset and investment sales, included in other income, net, primarily represents a gain from the exchange of our interest in the fort á la corne joint venture for equity ownership in star diamond, formerly known as shore gold.
(5)   impairment of long-lived assets, net, included in impairment of long-lived assets, represents non-cash write-downs of long-lived assets. amount is presented net of income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests of $(1).
(6)   restructuring and other, net, included in other expense, net, primarily represents certain costs associated with severance, legal and other settlements. amount is presented net of income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests of $(5).
(7)   acquisition cost adjustments, included in other expense, net, represent net adjustments to the contingent consideration and related liabilities associated with the acquisition of the final 33.33% interest in boddington in 2009.
(8)   the tax effect of adjustments, included in income and mining tax benefit (expense), represents the tax effect of adjustments in footnotes (3) through (7), as described above, and are calculated using the applicable regional tax rate.
(9)   adjustment to equity method investment, included in equity income (loss) of affiliates and presented net of tax expense (benefit) of $(3), represents non-cash write-downs of long-lived assets recorded at minera la zanja s.r.l. ("la zanja").
(10)   re-measurement due to the tax cuts and jobs act, included in income and mining tax benefit (expense), represents the re-measurement of our u.s. deferred tax assets and liabilities from 35% to the reduced tax rate of 21%. the amount includes the provisional adjustments of $352 and $8 for changes in executive compensation deductions, partially offset by the release of a valuation allowance on alternative minimum tax credits of $48.
(11)   tax restructuring related to the tax cuts and jobs act, included in income and mining tax benefit (expense), represents changes resulting from restructuring our holding of non-u.s. operations for u.s. federal income tax purposes.
(12)   valuation allowance and other tax adjustments, net, included in income and mining tax benefit (expense), predominantly represent adjustments to remove the impact of our valuation allowances for items such as foreign tax credits, alternative minimum tax credits, capital losses and disallowed foreign losses. we believe that these valuation allowances cause significant fluctuations in our financial results that are not indicative of our underlying financial performance. the adjustments during 2017 are due to an increase to the valuation allowance on credit carryovers of $94, a decrease to the valuation allowance carried on the deferred tax asset for investments of $10 and other tax adjustments of $7.
(13)   adjusted net income (loss) per diluted share is calculated using diluted common shares, which are calculated in accordance with u.s. gaap.
free cash flow management uses free cash flow as a non-gaap measure to analyze cash flows generated from operations. free cash flow is net cash provided by (used in) operating activities less net cash provided by (used in) operating activities of discontinued operations less additions to property, plant and mine development as presented on the consolidated statements of cash flows. the company believes free cash flow is also useful as one of the bases for comparing the company's performance with its competitors. although free cash flow and similar measures are frequently used as measures of cash flows generated from operations by other companies, the company's calculation of free cash flow is not necessarily comparable to such other similarly titled captions of other companies.
the presentation of non-gaap free cash flow is not meant to be considered in isolation or as an alternative to net income as an indicator of the company's performance, or as an alternative to cash flows from operating activities as a measure of liquidity as those terms are defined by gaap, and does not necessarily indicate whether cash flows will be sufficient to fund cash needs. the
company's definition of free cash flow is limited in that it does not represent residual cash flows available for discretionary expenditures due to the fact that the measure does not deduct the payments required for debt service and other contractual obligations or payments made for business acquisitions. therefore, the company believes it is important to view free cash flow as a measure that provides supplemental information to the company's consolidated statements of cash flows.
the following table sets forth a reconciliation of free cash flow, a non-gaap financial measure, to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, which the company believes to be the gaap financial measure most directly comparable to free cash flow, as well as information regarding net cash provided by (used in) investing activities and net cash provided by (used in) financing activities.
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities                                        $2,866                 $1,827                 $2,124
less: net cash used in (provided by) operating activities of discontinued operations                   10                     10                  15
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities of continuing operations                        2,876                  1,837               2,139
less: additions to property, plant and mine development                                           (1,463)                (1,032)               (866)
net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (1)                                    $(1,226)               $(1,177)               $(946)
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                        $(2,777)               $(455)                 $(668)
(1)   net cash provided by (used in) investing activities includes additions to property, plant and mine development, which is included in the company's computation of free cash flow.
costs applicable to sales per ounce/pound costs applicable to sales per ounce/gold equivalent ounce are non-gaap financial measures. these measures are calculated by dividing the costs applicable to sales of gold and other metals by gold ounces or gold equivalent ounces sold, respectively. these measures are calculated for the periods presented on a consolidated basis. costs applicable to sales per ounce/gold equivalent ounce statistics are intended to provide additional information only and do not have any standardized meaning prescribed by gaap and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance prepared in accordance with gaap. the measures are not necessarily indicative of operating profit or cash flow from operations as determined under gaap. other companies may calculate these measures differently.
(1)   includes by-product credits of $91, $50 and $51 in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
(2)   includes by-product credits of $3, $3 and $4 in 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.
all-in sustaining costs newmont has developed a metric that expands on gaap measures, such as cost of goods sold, and non-gaap measures, such as costs applicable to sales per ounce, to provide visibility into the economics of our mining operations related to expenditures, operating performance and the ability to generate cash flow from our continuing operations.
current gaap measures used in the mining industry, such as cost of goods sold, do not capture all of the expenditures incurred to discover, develop and sustain production. therefore, we believe that all-in sustaining costs is a non-gaap measure that provides additional information to management, investors and analysts that aid in the understanding of the economics of our operations and
performance compared to other producers and provides investors visibility by better defining the total costs associated with production.
all-in sustaining cost ("aisc") amounts are intended to provide additional information only and do not have any standardized meaning prescribed by gaap and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance prepared in accordance with gaap. the measures are not necessarily indicative of operating profit or cash flow from operations as determined under gaap. other companies may calculate these measures differently as a result of differences in the underlying accounting principles, policies applied and in accounting frameworks such as in international financial reporting standards ("ifrs"), or by reflecting the benefit from selling non-gold metals as a reduction to aisc. differences may also arise related to definitional differences of sustaining versus development (e.g. non-sustaining) activities based upon each company's internal policies.
costs applicable to sales. includes all direct and indirect costs related to current production incurred to execute the current mine plan. we exclude certain exceptional or unusual amounts from costs applicable to sales ("cas"), such as significant revisions to recovery amounts. cas includes by-product credits from certain metals obtained during the process of extracting and processing the primary ore-body. cas is accounted for on an accrual basis and excludes depreciation and amortization and reclamation and remediation, which is consistent with our presentation of cas on the consolidated statements of operations. in determining aisc, only the cas associated with producing and selling an ounce of gold is included in the measure. therefore, the amount of gold cas included in aisc is derived from the cas presented in the company's consolidated statements of operations less the amount of cas attributable to the production of other metals at our peñasquito, boddington, and phoenix mines. the other metals cas at those mine sites is disclosed in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements. the allocation of cas between gold and other metals at the peñasquito, boddington, and phoenix mines is based upon the relative sales value of gold and other metals produced during the period.
reclamation costs. includes accretion expense related to reclamation liabilities and the amortization of the related asset retirement cost ("arc") for the company's operating properties. accretion related to the reclamation liabilities and the amortization of the arc assets for reclamation does not reflect annual cash outflows but are calculated in accordance with gaap. the accretion and amortization reflect the periodic costs of reclamation associated with current production and are therefore included in the measure. the allocation of these costs to gold and other metals is determined using the same allocation used in the allocation of cas between gold and other metals at the peñasquito, boddington, and phoenix mines.
advanced projects, research and development and exploration. includes incurred expenses related to projects that are designed to sustain current production and exploration. we note that as current resources are depleted, exploration and advanced projects are necessary for us to replace the depleting reserves or enhance the recovery and processing of the current reserves to sustain production at existing operations. as these costs relate to sustaining our production, and are considered a continuing cost of a mining company, these costs are included in the aisc measure. these costs are derived from the advanced projects, research and development and exploration amounts presented in the consolidated statements of operations less incurred expenses related to the development of new operations, or related to major projects at existing operations where these projects will materially benefit the operation in the future. the allocation of these costs to gold and other metals is determined using the same allocation used in the allocation of cas between gold and other metals at the peñasquito, boddington, and phoenix mines.
general and administrative. includes costs related to administrative tasks not directly related to current production, but rather related to support our corporate structure and fulfill our obligations to operate as a public company. including these expenses in the aisc metric provides visibility of the impact that general and administrative activities have on current operations and profitability on a per ounce basis.
other expense, net. we exclude certain exceptional or unusual expenses from other expense, net, such as restructuring, as these are not indicative to sustaining our current operations. furthermore, this adjustment to other expense, net is also consistent with the nature of the adjustments made to net income (loss) attributable to newmont stockholders as disclosed in the company's non-gaap financial measure adjusted net income (loss). the allocation of these costs to gold and other metals is determined using the same allocation used in the allocation of cas between gold and other metals at the peñasquito, boddington, and phoenix mines.
metals at the peñasquito, boddington, and phoenix mines.
sustaining capital and finance lease payments. we determined sustaining capital and finance lease payments as those capital expenditures and finance lease payments that are necessary to maintain current production and execute the current mine plan. sustaining finance lease payments are included beginning in 2019 in connection with the adoption of asc 842. refer to note 2 in the consolidated financial statements for further details. we determined development (e.g. non-sustaining) capital expenditures and finance lease payments to be those payments used to develop new operations or related to projects at existing operations where those projects will materially benefit the operation. the classification of sustaining and development capital projects and finance leases is based on a systematic review of our project portfolio in light of the nature of each project. sustaining capital and finance lease payments are relevant to the aisc metric as these are needed to maintain the company's current operations and provide improved transparency related to our ability to finance these expenditures from current operations. the allocation of these costs to gold and other metals is determined using the same allocation used in the allocation of cas between gold and other metals at the peñasquito, boddington, and phoenix mines.
advanced projects, research and                                                      treatment         sustaining                                                     all-in costs                                           development             general                 other             and               capital and             all-in                                 sustaining years ended                                      applicable                  reclamation         and                     and                     expense,          refining          finance lease           sustaining          ounces (000)       costs per december 31, 2019                                to sales (1)(2)(3)          costs (4)           exploration(5)          administrative          net (6)           costs             payments (7)(8)         costs                       sold       oz. (9)
musselwhite                                                         13                   2                       6                 -                    -                 -                         25                  46                  6               8,174
peñasquito                                                         116                   2                       -                 -                    -                 2                         39                 159                144               1,100
peñasquito                                       $387                        $7                  $3                      $-                      $7                $66               $116                    $586                         438       $1,339
(2)   includes by-product credits of $94 and excludes co-product revenues of $691.
(5)   advanced projects, research and development and exploration excludes development expenditures of $7 at cc&amp;v, $1 at musselwhite, $10 at porcupine, $4 at éléonore, $3 at peñasquito, $4 at other north america, $14 at yanacocha, $7 at merian, $9 at cerro negro, $40 at other south america, $3 at tanami, $3 at kalgoorlie, $20 at other australia, $13 at ahafo, $11 at akyem, $4 at other africa, $10 at ngm, $6 at carlin, $1 at phoenix, $2 at twin creeks, $12 at long canyon, $2 at other nevada and $35 at corporate and other, totaling $221 related to developing new operations or major projects at existing operations where these projects will materially benefit the operation.
(7)   includes sustaining capital expenditures of $295 for north america, $124 for south america, $185 for australia, $123 for africa, $207 for nevada and $21 for corporate and other, totaling $955 and excludes development capital expenditures, capitalized interest and the increase in accrued capital totaling $508. the following are major development projects: borden, musselwhite materials handling, éléonore lower mine material handling system, quecher main, yanacocha sulfides, tanami expansion 2, ahafo north, subika underground, ahafo mill expansion, goldrush complex and turquoise ridge 3rd shaft.
advanced projects, research and                                                      treatment                                                                    all-in costs                                           development             general                 other             and                                   all-in                                 sustaining years ended                                     applicable                  reclamation         and                     and                     expense,          refining          sustaining          sustaining          ounces (000)       costs per december 31, 2018                               to sales (1)(2)(3)          costs (4)           exploration(5)          administrative          net (6)           costs             capital (7)         costs               sold               oz. (8)
(2)   includes by-product credits of $53 and excludes co-product revenues of $303.
(3)   includes stockpile and leach pad inventory adjustments of $5 at cc&amp;v, $39 at yanacocha, $33 at ahafo, $34 at akyem, $92 at carlin and $32 at twin creeks. total stockpile and leach pad inventory adjustments at carlin of $114 were adjusted above by $22 related to the write-down at emigrant due to a change in mine plan, resulting in a significant decrease in mine life in the third quarter of 2018.
(5)   advanced projects, research and development and exploration excludes development expenditures of $5 at cc&amp;v, $49 at yanacocha, $9 at merian, $34 at other south america, $6 at kalgoorlie, $7 at other australia, $11 at ahafo, $12 at akyem, $3 at other africa, $10 at carlin, $3 at twin creeks, $23 at long canyon, $16 at other nevada and $5 at corporate and other, totaling $193 related to developing new operations or major projects at existing operations where these projects will materially benefit the operation.
(7)   excludes development capital expenditures, capitalized interest and changes in accrued capital, totaling $432. the following are major development projects during the period: quecher main, the merian crusher, tanami expansion 2, ahafo north, subika underground, ahafo mill expansion and twin creeks underground.
advanced projects, research and                                                      treatment                                                                    all-in costs                                           development             general                 other             and                                   all-in                                 sustaining year ended                                      applicable                  reclamation         and                     and                     expense,          refining          sustaining          sustaining          ounces (000)       costs per december 31, 2017                               to sales (1)(2)(3)          costs (4)           exploration(5)          administrative          net (6)           costs             capital (7)         costs               sold               oz. (8)
(2)   includes by-product credits of $55 and excludes co-product revenues of $315.
(5)   advanced projects, research and development and exploration excludes development expenditures of $1 at cc&amp;v, $37 at yanacocha, $14 at merian, $40 at other south america, $18 at tanami, $6 at kalgoorlie, $6 at other australia, $18 at ahafo, $8 at akyem, $6 at other africa, $1 at carlin, $3 at twin creeks, $23 at long canyon, $12 at other nevada and $1 at corporate and other, totaling $194 related to developing new operations or major projects at existing operations where these projects will materially benefit the operation.
(6)   other expense, net is adjusted for restructuring costs and other of $14 and acquisition cost adjustments of $2.
(7)   excludes development capital expenditures, capitalized interest and changes in accrued capital, totaling $266. the following are major development projects during the period: the merian crusher, quecher main, tanami expansions, subika underground, ahafo mill expansion, twin creeks underground and long canyon.
critical accounting estimates listed below are the accounting policies that we believe are critical to our financial statements due to the degree of uncertainty regarding the estimates or assumptions involved and the magnitude of the asset, liability, revenue or expense being reported. our discussion of financial condition and results of operations is based upon the information reported in our consolidated financial statements. the preparation of these consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting
principles ("gaap") requires us to make assumptions and estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, as well as the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of our financial statements. we base our assumptions and estimates on historical experience and various other sources that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. actual results may differ from the estimates we calculate due to changes in circumstances, global economics and politics, and general business conditions. a summary of our significant accounting policies is detailed in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements. we have outlined below those policies identified as being critical to the understanding of our business and results of operations and that require the application of significant management judgment.
depreciation and amortization expenditures for new facilities or equipment and expenditures that extend the useful lives of existing facilities or equipment are capitalized and depreciated using the straight-line method at rates sufficient to amortize such costs over the estimated future lives of such facilities or equipment and their components. facilities and equipment acquired as a part of a finance lease, build-to-suit or other financing arrangement are capitalized and recorded based on the contractual lease terms. the facilities and equipment are depreciated using the straight-line method at rates sufficient to depreciate such costs over the estimated productive lives of such facilities. these lives do not exceed the estimated mine life based on proven and probable reserves as the useful lives of these assets are considered to be limited to the life of the relevant mine.
costs incurred to develop new properties are capitalized as incurred where it has been determined that the property can be economically developed based on the existence of proven and probable reserves. at our surface mines, these costs include costs to further delineate the ore body and remove overburden to initially expose the ore body. at our underground mines, these costs include the cost of building access ways, shaft sinking and access, lateral development, drift development, ramps and infrastructure development. all such costs are amortized using the units-of-production ("uop") method over the estimated life of the ore body based on estimated recoverable ounces to be produced from proven and probable reserves.
major mine development costs incurred after the commencement of production, that are capitalized, are amortized using the uop method based on estimated recoverable ounces to be produced from proven and probable reserves. to the extent that such costs benefit the entire ore body, they are amortized over the estimated recoverable ounces or pounds in proven and probable reserves of the entire ore body. costs incurred to access specific ore blocks or areas that only provide benefit over the life of that block or area are amortized over the estimated recoverable ounces or pounds in proven and probable reserves of that specific ore block or area.
capitalized asset retirement costs incurred are amortized according to how the related assets are being depreciated. open pit and underground mining costs are amortized using the uop method based on recoverable ounces by source. other costs, including leaching facilities, tailing facilities, and mills and other infrastructure costs, are amortized using the straight-line method over the same estimated future lives of the associated assets.
the calculation of the uop rate of amortization, and therefore the annual amortization charge to operations, could be materially impacted to the extent that actual production in the future is different from current forecasts of production based on proven and probable reserves. this would generally occur to the extent that there were significant changes in any of the factors or assumptions used in determining reserves. these changes could include: (i) an expansion of proven and probable reserves through exploration activities; (ii) differences between estimated and actual costs of production, due to differences in grade, metal recovery rates and foreign currency exchange rates; and (iii) differences between actual commodity prices and commodity price assumptions used in the estimation of reserves. if reserves decreased significantly, amortization charged to operations would increase; conversely, if reserves increased significantly, amortization charged to operations would decrease. such changes in reserves could similarly impact the useful lives of assets depreciated on a straight-line basis, where those lives are limited to the life of the mine, which in turn is limited to the life of the proven and probable reserves.
maximize throughput and recovery. processing of lower grade stockpiled ore may continue after mining operations are completed. sulfide copper ores are subject to oxidation over time which can reduce expected future recoveries. stockpiles are measured by estimating the number of tons added and removed from the stockpile, the number of contained ounces or pounds (based on assay data), and the estimated metallurgical recovery rates (based on the expected processing method). stockpile ore tonnages are verified by periodic surveys. costs are added to stockpiles based on current mining costs, including applicable overhead and depreciation and amortization relating to mining operations and removed at each stockpile's average cost per recoverable unit as material is processed.
we record stockpiles at the lower of average cost or net realizable value, and carrying values are evaluated at least quarterly. net realizable value represents the estimated future sales price based on short-term and long-term metals price assumptions that are applied to expected short-term (12 months or less) and long-term sales from stockpiles, less estimated costs to complete production and bring the product to sale. the primary factors that influence the need to record write-downs of stockpiles include declines in short-term or long-term metals prices, increases in costs for production inputs such as labor, fuel and energy, materials and supplies, as well as realized ore grades and recovery rates. the significant assumption in determining the stockpile net realizable value for each mine site at december 31, 2019 is a long-term gold price of $1,300 per ounce. exclusive of ngm, a decrease of $100 per ounce in the long-term gold price assumption will not result in a material write-down to the carrying value of the stockpiles.
other assumptions include future operating and capital costs, metal recoveries, production levels, commodity prices, proven and probable reserve quantities, engineering data and other factors unique to each operation based on the life of mine plans, as well as long-term commodity prices and applicable u.s. dollar long-term exchange rates. if short-term and long-term commodity prices decrease, estimated future processing costs increase, or other negative factors occur, it may be necessary to record a write-down of stockpiles. a high degree of judgment is involved in determining such assumptions and estimates and no assurance can be given that actual results will not differ significantly from those estimates and assumptions.
estimates of recoverable ore on the leach pads are calculated from the quantities of ore placed on the leach pads (measured tons added to the leach pads), the grade of ore placed on the leach pads (based on assay data) and a recovery percentage (based on ore type). in general, leach pads recover between 50% and 95% of the recoverable ounces in the first year of leaching, declining each year thereafter until the leaching process is complete.
although the quantities of recoverable metal placed on the leach pads are reconciled by comparing the grades of ore placed on pads to the quantities of metal actually recovered (metallurgical balancing), the nature of the leaching process inherently limits the ability to precisely monitor inventory levels. as a result, the metallurgical balancing process is constantly monitored and estimates are refined based on actual results over time. historically, our operating results have not been materially impacted by variations between the estimated and actual recoverable quantities of metal on our leach pads. variations between actual and estimated quantities resulting from changes in assumptions and estimates that do not result in write-downs to net realizable value are accounted for on a prospective basis. the significant assumption in determining the net realizable value for each mine site at december 31, 2019 is a long-term gold price of $1,300 per ounce. exclusive of ngm, a decrease of $100 per ounce in the long-term gold price assumption will not result in a material write-down to the carrying value of the leach pads.
other assumptions include future operating and capital costs, metal recoveries, production levels, proven and probable reserve quantities, engineering data and other factors unique to each operation based on the life of mine plans, as well as a long-term metal prices. if short-term and long-term commodity prices decrease, estimated future processing costs increase, or other negative factors occur, it may be necessary to record a write-down of ore on leach pads to net realizable value.
carrying value of long-lived assets, including goodwill we review and evaluate our long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts may not be recoverable. an impairment loss is measured and recorded based on the estimated fair value of the long-lived assets being tested for impairment and their carrying amounts. fair value is typically determined through the use of an income approach utilizing estimates of discounted pre-tax future cash flows or a market approach utilizing recent transaction activity for comparable properties. these approaches are considered level 3 fair value measurements. occasionally, such as when an asset is held for sale, market prices are used. we believe our estimates and models used to determine fair value are similar to what a market participant would use.
the estimated undiscounted cash flows used to assess recoverability of long-lived assets and to measure the fair value of our mining operations are derived from current business plans, which are developed using short-term price forecasts reflective of the current price environment and our projections for long-term average metal prices. in addition to short- and long-term metal price assumptions, other assumptions include estimates of commodity-based and other input costs; proven and probable mineral reserves estimates, including the timing and cost to develop and produce the reserves; value beyond proven and probable estimates; estimated future closure costs; and the use of appropriate discount rates.
the significant assumption in determining the future cash flows for each mine site at december 31, 2019 is a long-term gold price of $1,300 per ounce. a decrease of $100 per ounce in the long-term gold price assumption could result in an impairment of our long lived assets of up to approximately $4,500 before consideration of other value beyond proven and probable reserves which may significantly decrease the amount of any potential impairment charge.
other assumptions include proven and probable mineral reserve estimates, value beyond proven and probable reserve estimates, the timing and cost to develop and produce the reserves, commodity-based and other input costs, future closure costs and discount rates unique to each operation, as well as a long-term metal prices and applicable u.s. dollar long-term exchange rates. refer to quantitative and qualitative disclosures.
as discussed above under depreciation and amortization, various factors could impact our ability to achieve our forecasted production schedules from proven and probable reserves which could impact the carrying value of our long-lived assets. the ability to achieve the estimated quantities of recoverable minerals from exploration stage mineral interests involves further risks in addition to those factors applicable to mineral interests where proven and probable reserves have been identified, due to the lower level of confidence that the identified mineralized material could ultimately be mined economically. assets classified as exploration potential have the highest level of risk that the carrying value of the asset can be ultimately realized, due to the still lower level of geological confidence and economic modeling.
events that could result in additional impairment of our long-lived assets include, but are not limited to, decreases in future metal prices, unfavorable changes in foreign exchange rates, increases in future closure costs, and any event that might otherwise have a material adverse effect on mine site cash flows.
reclamation and remediation obligations reclamation costs are allocated to expense over the life of the related assets and are periodically adjusted to reflect changes in the estimated present value resulting from the passage of time and revisions to the estimates of either the timing or amount of the reclamation costs. reclamation obligations are based on when the spending for an existing environmental disturbance will occur. changes in reclamation estimates at non-operating mines are reflected in earnings in the period an estimate is revised. we review, on at least an annual basis, the reclamation obligation at each mine.
remediation costs are accrued based on management's best estimate at the end of each period of the costs expected to be incurred at a site. such cost estimates may include ongoing care, maintenance and monitoring costs. changes in remediation estimates at inactive mines are reflected in earnings in the period an estimate is revised. water treatment costs included in environmental remediation obligations are discounted to their present value as cash flows are readily estimable. all other costs of future expenditures for environmental remediation obligations are not discounted to their present value.
accounting for reclamation and remediation obligations requires management to make estimates unique to each mining operation of the future costs we will incur to complete the reclamation and remediation work required to comply with existing laws
and regulations. any such changes in future costs, the timing of reclamation activities, scope, or the exclusion of certain costs not considered reclamation and remediation costs, could materially impact the amounts charged to earnings for reclamation and remediation. additionally, future changes to environmental laws and regulations could increase the extent of reclamation and remediation work required.
income and mining taxes we account for income taxes using the liability method, recognizing certain temporary differences between the financial reporting basis of our liabilities and assets and the related income tax basis for such liabilities and assets. this method generates either a net deferred income tax liability or asset for us, as measured by the statutory tax rates in effect. we derive our deferred income tax charge or benefit by recording the change in either the net deferred income tax liability or asset balance for the year. the financial statement effects of changes in tax law are recorded as discrete items in the period enacted as part of income tax expense or benefit from continuing operations, regardless of the category of income or loss to which the deferred taxes relate.
mining taxes represent state and provincial taxes levied on mining operations and are classified as income taxes as such taxes are based on a percentage of mining profits. with respect to the earnings that we derive from the operations of our consolidated subsidiaries, in those situations where the earnings are indefinitely reinvested, no deferred taxes have been provided on the unremitted earnings (including the excess of the carrying value of the net equity of such entities for financial reporting purposes over the tax basis of such equity) of our consolidated companies.
our operations are in multiple jurisdictions where uncertainties arise in the application of complex tax regulations. some of these tax regimes are defined by contractual agreements with the local government, while others are defined by general tax laws and regulations. we are subject to reviews of our income tax filings and other tax payments, and disputes can arise with the taxing authorities over the interpretation of its contracts or laws. we recognize potential liabilities and record tax liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in the u.s. and other tax jurisdictions based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. we adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances; however, due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate of the tax liabilities. if our estimate of tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment, an additional charge to expense would result. if the estimate of tax liabilities proves to be greater than the ultimate assessment, a tax benefit would result. we recognize interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits in income and mining tax benefit (expense). in certain jurisdictions, we must pay a portion of the disputed amount to the local government in order to formally appeal the assessment. such payment is recorded as a receivable if we believe the amount is ultimately collectible.
valuation of deferred tax assets our deferred income tax assets include certain future tax benefits. we record a valuation allowance against any portion of those deferred income tax assets when we believe, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred income tax asset will not be realized. we review the likelihood that we will realize the benefit of our deferred tax assets and therefore the need for valuation allowances on a quarterly basis, or more frequently if events indicate that a review is required. in determining the requirement for a valuation allowance, the historical and projected financial results of the legal entity or consolidated group recording the net deferred tax asset is considered, along with all other available positive and negative evidence.
certain categories of evidence carry more weight in the analysis than others based upon the extent to which the evidence may be objectively verified. we look to the nature and severity of cumulative pretax losses (if any) in the current three-year period ending on the evaluation date or the expectation of future pretax losses and the existence and frequency of prior cumulative pretax losses.
we utilize a rolling twelve quarters of pre-tax income or loss as a measure of our cumulative results in recent years. concluding that a valuation allowance is not required is difficult when there is significant negative evidence which is objective and verifiable, such as cumulative losses in recent years. however, a cumulative three year loss is not solely determinative of the need for a valuation allowance. we also consider all other available positive and negative evidence in our analysis.
other factors considered in the determination of the probability of the realization of the deferred tax assets include, but are not limited to:
●   projected future financial and taxable income based upon existing reserves and long-term estimates of commodity prices;
●   nature of temporary differences and predictability of reversal patterns of existing temporary differences; and
●   the sensitivity of future forecasted results to commodity prices and other factors.
the company assesses the available positive and negative evidence to estimate if sufficient future taxable income will be generated to utilize the existing deferred tax assets. a significant piece of objective negative evidence evaluated was the recent pretax losses and/or expectations of future pretax losses. such objective evidence limits the ability to consider other subjective evidence such as our projections for future growth. on the basis of this evaluation, a valuation allowance has been recorded in peru. the amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable, however, could be adjusted if estimates of future taxable income during the carryforward period are increased or if objective negative evidence in the form of cumulative losses is no longer present and additional weight may be given to subjective evidence such as our projections for growth.
during 2019, the company released net valuation allowance of $296 to tax expense. the acquisition of goldcorp increased the company's valuation allowance on deferred tax assets by $521. the company reclassified valuation allowance of $371 to assets held for sale. there were additional valuation allowance increases related to other components of the financial statements of $263.
for additional risk factors that could impact the company's ability to realize the deferred tax assets, see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.
business combinations we recognize and measure the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination based on their estimated fair values at the acquisition date, while transaction and integration costs related to business combinations are expensed as incurred. any excess of the purchase consideration when compared to the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired, if any, is recorded as goodwill. for material acquisitions, we engage independent appraisers to assist with the determination of the fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed, noncontrolling interest, if any, and goodwill, based on recognized business valuation methodologies. an income, market or cost valuation method may be utilized to estimate the fair value of the assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and noncontrolling interest, if any, in a business combination. the income valuation method represents the present value of future cash flows over the life of the asset using: (i) discrete financial forecasts, which rely on management's estimates of reserve quantities and exploration potential, costs to produce and develop reserves, revenues, and operating expenses; (ii) long-term growth rates; (iii) appropriate discount rates; and (iv) expected future capital requirements ("income valuation method"). the market valuation method uses prices paid for a similar asset by other purchasers in the market, normalized for any differences between the assets ("market valuation method"). the cost valuation method is based on the replacement cost of a comparable asset at the time of the acquisition adjusted for depreciation and economic and functional obsolescence of the asset ("cost valuation method"). the fair value of property, plant and mine development is estimated to include the fair value of asset retirement costs of related long-lived tangible assets. if the initial accounting for the business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which the acquisition occurs, an estimate will be recorded. subsequent to the acquisition date, and not later than one year from the acquisition date, we will record any material adjustments to the initial estimate based on new information obtained that would have existed as of the date of the acquisition. any adjustment that arises from information obtained that did not exist as of the date of the acquisition will be recorded in the period the adjustments arises.
goodwill goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired in a business acquisition. goodwill is allocated to reporting units and tested for impairment annually and when events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value. the fair value of a reporting unit is determined using the income and/or market valuation methods. if the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess, limited to the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. any impairment loss recognized in the current period is not reversed in the future periods. we recognize our pro rata share of goodwill and any subsequent goodwill impairment losses recorded by unincorporated joint ventures in which it has an undivided interest.