item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements relating to our plans, strategies, objectives, expectations, intentions and resources. such forward-looking statements should be read in conjunction with our disclosures under "item 1a. risk factors" of this form 10-k.
this section of this form 10-k generally discusses 2019 and 2018 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2019 and 2018.  discussions of 2017 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2018 and 2017 that are not included in this form 10-k can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of schlumberger's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2018.
2019 executive overview schlumberger full-year 2019 revenue of $32.9 billion was essentially flat with 2018. international revenue, however,  grew in the high single-digits as anticipated.
in the oil markets, sentiment was stable and positive for the first four months of 2019, with the brent oil price moving from $55 per barrel at the beginning of the year to a high of $75 per barrel in late april.  oecd crude and product stocks continued to increase through much of 2019, reversing a trend that persisted throughout the first half of 2018. internationally, activity and investment continued to strengthen, particularly offshore.
activity in north america land was strong in the first half of 2019 but slowed in the second half of the year as a combination of  budget exhaustion and cash flow constraints impacted our customers. although the slowing activity in the second half of the year was consistent with the trend experienced in 2018, activity dropped earlier and steeper in the second half of 2019 as compared to the previous year.
by midyear, concerns of a recession in the united states and indications of well supplied global oil markets pushed the oil price to its low point for the year. these concerns abated over the latter part of the year as oil demand indicators trended positively. though trade conflicts persisted, they did not create a significant drag on oil markets for the balance of the year.
global natural gas pricing was consistent with well-supplied markets during 2019. liquified natural gas (lng) supply capacity increased by an estimated 10% during 2019, and consequently lng prices in asia and europe were less than half the prices seen in 2018.
domestically, us henry hub natural gas prices showed continued weakness during 2019 as north american gas production increased. prices averaged $2.56 per million british thermal units ("mmbtu") for the year, with the peak of $4.25 per mmbtu occurring in march. the price fell to its lowest point of $1.75 per mmbtu in december.
schlumberger financial performance in 2019 was primarily driven by the international markets. full-year 2019 international revenue of $21.8 billion increased 7% over 2018, again outpacing north america revenue and continuing a trend which began in the third quarter of 2018.  this strong international performance was the result of increased activity on the part of operators, as they continued to invest in longer-term resource development following a sustained period of underinvestment and declining production.
in contrast, after two years of strong growth, north american revenue fell sharply by 10% to $10.8 billion.  this decrease was largely driven by the land market weakness affecting the onestim pressure pumping business, as customers reached their budget limits earlier in the year and remained highly disciplined on capital spend.
additionally, during the fourth quarter of 2019, schlumberger completed two major milestones: the formation of the sensia joint venture and the divestiture of the drilling tools business. together these two transactions resulted in schlumberger receiving net cash proceeds of $586 million.
from a macro perspective, the year ended with sentiment regarding 2020 oil demand growth turning positive as uncertainty reduced following the progress made toward a us-china trade deal. the fall in the north america production growth estimate of between 400,000 to 800,000 barrels-per-day should continue to support the thesis for international investment. the recent escalation of geopolitical risk should set the floor for the oil price going forward. in the near term, schlumberger expects the opec+ production cuts agreed upon in december 2019 to limit investment and activity, particularly in the middle east and russia, during the first half of 2020. as the year progresses, the effect of slowing north america production growth is likely to cause tightness in the market and further stimulate international operators to increase their investments in the second half of the year and beyond.
based on these factors, the expectation is for the 2020 exploration and production capex spending growth rate in the international markets to be in the mid-single-digit range. schlumberger therefore expects its international portfolio revenue to grow at the same pace or higher, excluding the effects of the businesses transferred to the sensia joint venture and the businesses divested in the drilling tools transaction. the businesses included in these transactions accounted for approximately 2% of schlumberger's global revenue in 2019. international revenue growth will be more heavily weighted to the second half of the year with increasing offshore activity, improving activity mix from the early deepwater growth cycle, and increasing exploration work toward the end of the year and into 2021.
in north america, schlumberger is continuing to scale-to-fit its organization and portfolio by repurposing or exiting underperforming business units, focusing on asset-light operations, and expanding its technology access business models. schlumberger is cautiously optimistic that the high-grading of its portfolio will promote margin expansion and the improvement of returns in the north america land market.
charges &amp; credits (4)                                         (209    )                                           (12,692   )
(1)   comprised principally of certain corporate expenses not allocated to the segments, stock-based compensation costs, amortization expense associated with certain intangible assets, certain centrally managed initiatives and other nonoperating items.
(4)   charges and credits are described in detail in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.
sequential international growth was led by the middle east & asia area, where revenue increased 5%. latin america revenue grew 1%, while revenue in the europe/cis/africa area only declined 2% given the mild winter slowdown of activity in the northern hemisphere.
the fourth quarter of 2019 delivered the first sequential growth in international margin in any fourth quarter since 2014. schlumberger is therefore confident that it has turned the corner, particularly as it has experienced sequential international margin growth in each of the last three quarters. meanwhile in north america land, margin compression from lower activity was minimized by implementing a scale-to-fit strategy, acting decisively in reducing capacity, and restructuring operations to protect margins.
reservoir characterization fourth-quarter revenue of $1.6 billion decreased 1% sequentially following the end of the summer campaigns for wireline and testing activity in the north sea and russia, where the mild winter did not significantly disrupt activity.
reservoir characterization pretax operating margin of 22% increased 59 basis points ("bps") sequentially primarily driven by increased high-margin sis digital software sales.
drilling fourth-quarter revenue of $2.4 billion decreased 1% sequentially primarily due to the end of the summer drilling campaign in russia and lower drilling activity in north america land.
production fourth-quarter revenue of $2.9 billion declined 9% sequentially driven by lower activity and pricing for onestim in north america land due to expected customer budget limitations and cash flow constraints.  schlumberger continued to right-size its hydraulic fracturing capacity by stacking more fleets in light of lower demand.
production pretax operating margin of 9% contracted by 32 bps sequentially due to the lower onestim activity, partially offset by strength in international margins from higher activity.
cameron fourth-quarter revenue of $1.4 billion increased 2% sequentially from higher onesubsea, surface systems, and drilling systems revenue primarily in the international markets. valves & process systems was lower sequentially due to the reduced north america land activity and as a result of contributing the valves & process systems measurement business to the sensia joint venture, which closed on october 1, 2019.
charges &amp; credits (4)                                   (12,901    )                                        (141   )
(1)   comprised principally of certain corporate expenses not allocated to the segments, stock-based compensation costs, amortization expense associated with certain intangible assets, certain centrally managed initiatives and other nonoperating items.
(4)   charges and credits are described in detail in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.
full-year 2019 revenue of $32.9 billion was essentially flat year-on-year with north america revenue decreasing % and international revenue increasing 7%. the international results were underpinned by increased investment levels. in contrast, the north america results reflect a slowing production growth rate on land as operators maintained capital discipline and reduced drilling and hydraulic fracturing activity.
reservoir characterization full-year 2019 revenue of $6.3 billion increased 2% year-on-year primarily driven by increased international activity.
drilling full-year 2019 revenue of $9.7 billion increased 5% year-on-year primarily due to higher demand for drilling services, largely in the international markets that benefited drilling & measurements, m-i swaco, and integrated drilling services.
year-on-year, pretax operating margin decreased 89 bps to 13% despite higher revenue as margins were affected by competitive pricing and higher costs associated with a number of integrated contracts internationally.
production full-year 2019 revenue of $12.0 billion decreased 3% year-on-year with most of the revenue decline attributable to lower onestim activity in north america as customers reduced spending due to higher cost of capital, lower borrowing capacity and expectation of better returns from their shareholders.
year-on-year, pretax operating margin decreased 20 bps to 8% primarily due to reduced profitability in onestim in north america.
earnings of equity method investments        45                  89
the decrease in earnings from equity income is associated with schlumberger's equity investments in rig-and seismic-related businesses.
income taxes the schlumberger effective tax rate is sensitive to the geographic mix of earnings.  when the percentage of pretax earnings generated outside of north america increases, the schlumberger effective tax rate generally decreases.  conversely, when the percentage of pretax earnings generated outside of north america decreases, the schlumberger effective tax rate generally increases.
the schlumberger effective tax rate was 3% in 2019 as compared to 17% in 2018.  the lower effective tax rate was almost entirely due to the charges and credits described in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, which primarily related to non-deductible goodwill.
charges and credits schlumberger recorded significant charges and credits during 2019 and 2018. these charges and credits, which are summarized below, are more fully described in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.
the following is a summary of the 2019 charges and credits, of which the $247 million gain on the formation of the sensia joint venture is classified in gain on formation of sensia in the consolidated statement of income (loss), while the $13.15 billion of charges are classified in impairments & other.
equity-method investments                           231                   12                     219
a significant portion of the third-quarter impairment charges were recorded effective august 31, 2019.  accordingly, the 2019 results reflect a $108 million reduction in depreciation and amortization expense for the last four months of 2019.  approximately $84 million of this amount relates to the production segment.  the remaining $24 million is reflected in the "corporate & other" line item.
the following is a summary of the 2018 charges and credits, of which the $215 million gain on the sale of the marine seismic acquisition business is classified in gain on sale of business in the consolidated statement of income (loss), while the $356 million of charges are classified in impairments & other.
pretax                tax                 net gain on sale of marine seismic acquisition business   $(215       )         $(19      )         $(196     )
liquidity and capital resources schlumberger had total cash and short-term investments of $2.2 billion and $2.8 billion at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.  total debt was $15.3 billion and $16.1 billion at december 31, 2019 and 2018, respectively.
details of the components of liquidity as well as changes in liquidity follow:
dec. 31,                     dec. 31, components of liquidity:                                      2019                   2018
changes in liquidity:                                                                       2019       2018
earnings of equity method investments, less dividends received                                 6                      (48   )
pension and other postretirement benefits funding                                            (25   )                  (83   )
increase in working capital and other (3)                                                   (327   )                 (130   )
capital expenditures                                                                      (1,724   )               (2,160   )
multiclient seismic data capitalized                                                        (231   )                 (100   )
net proceeds from divestiture and formation of sensia joint venture                          586                        -
business acquisitions and investments, net of cash acquired plus debt assumed                (23   )                 (292   )
(1)   "net debt" represents gross debt less cash, short-term investments and fixed income investments, held to maturity. management believes that net debt provides useful information regarding the level of schlumberger's indebtedness by reflecting cash and investments that could be used to repay debt. net debt is a non-gaap financial measure that should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for or superior to, total debt.
()   "free cash flow" represents cash flow from operations less capital expenditures, aps investments and multiclient seismic data costs capitalized. management believes that free cash flow is an important liquidity measure for the company and that it is useful to investors and management as a measure of the ability of our business to generate cash. once business needs and obligations are met, this cash can be used to reinvest in the company for future growth or to return to shareholders through dividend payments or share repurchases. free cash flow does not represent the residual cash flow available for discretionary expenditures. free cash flow is a non-gaap financial measure that should be considered in addition to, not as substitute for or superior to, cash flow from operations.
key liquidity events during 2019 and 2018 included:
the following table summarizes the activity under this share repurchase program during 2019 and 2018:
•   capital expenditures were $1.7 billion in 2019 and $2.2 billion in 2018. capital expenditures during 2020 are expected to be similar to that of 2019.
•   during the fourth quarter of 2019, schlumberger repurchased the remaining $416 million of its 3.00% senior notes due 2020; $126 million of its 4.50% senior notes due 2021; $500 million of its 4.20% senior notes due 2021; and $106 million of its 3.60% senior notes due 2022.
•   during the fourth quarter of 2019, schlumberger and rockwell automation closed sensia, their previously announced joint venture. rockwell automation owns 53% of the joint venture and schlumberger owns 47%. at closing, rockwell automation made a $238 million cash payment, net of working capital adjustments, to schlumberger.
•   during the third quarter of 2019, schlumberger repurchased $783 million of its 3.00% senior notes due 2020 and $321 million of its 3.625% senior notes due 2022.
•   during the second quarter of 2019, schlumberger completed a debt exchange offer, pursuant to which it issued $1.500 billion in principal of 3.90% senior notes due 2028 in exchange for $401 million of 3.00% senior notes due 2020, $234 million of 3.63% senior notes due 2022 and $817 million of 4.00% senior notes due 2025.
•   during the fourth quarter of 2018, schlumberger completed the divestiture of its marine seismic acquisition business for net proceeds of $579 million (after considering $21 million of cash divested).
•   during 2019 and 2018, schlumberger made contributions of $25 million and $83 million, respectively, to its postretirement benefit plans. the us pension plans were 92% funded at december 31, 2019 and 88% funded at december 31, 2018 based on their projected benefit obligations.
schlumberger's international defined benefit pension plans were a combined 97% funded at both december 31, 2019 and december 31, 2018 based on their projected benefit obligations.
schlumberger expects to contribute approximately $20 million to its postretirement benefit plans in 2020, subject to market and business conditions.
as of december 31, 2019, schlumberger had $2.2 billion of cash and short-term investments on hand. schlumberger also has separate committed credit facility agreements aggregating $6.5 billion with commercial banks, of which $4.3 billion was available and unused as of december 31, 2019.  the $6.5 billion of committed credit facility agreements support commercial paper programs. schlumberger believes these amounts are sufficient to meet future business requirements for at least the next 12 months.
(3)   represents an estimate of contractual obligations in the ordinary course of business. although these contractual obligations are considered enforceable and legally binding, the terms generally allow schlumberger the option to reschedule and adjust its requirements based on business needs prior to the delivery of goods.
refer to note 17, pension and other benefit plans, of the consolidated financial statements for details regarding schlumberger's pension and other postretirement benefit obligations.
as discussed in note 13, income taxes, of the consolidated financial statements, included in the schlumberger consolidated balance sheet at december 31, 2019 is approximately $1.3 billion of liabilities associated with uncertain tax positions in the over 100 tax jurisdictions in which schlumberger conducts business. due to the uncertain and complex application of tax regulations, combined with the difficulty in predicting when tax audits throughout the world may be concluded, schlumberger cannot make reliable estimates of the timing of cash outflows relating to these liabilities.
schlumberger has outstanding letters of credit/guarantees that relate to business performance bonds, custom/excise tax commitments, facility lease/rental obligations, etc. these were entered into in the ordinary course of business and are customary practices in the various countries where schlumberger operates.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states requires schlumberger to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent liabilities and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses. the following accounting policies involve "critical accounting estimates" because they are particularly dependent on estimates and assumptions made by schlumberger about matters that are inherently uncertain.
schlumberger bases its estimates on historical experience and on various assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
allowance for doubtful accounts schlumberger maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts in order to record accounts receivable at their net realizable value.  judgment is involved in recording and making adjustments to this reserve.  allowances have been recorded for receivables believed to be uncollectible, including amounts for the resolution of potential credit and other collection issues such as disputed invoices.  adjustments to the allowance may be required in future periods depending on how such potential issues are resolved, or if the financial condition of schlumberger's customers were to deteriorate resulting in an impairment of their ability to make payments.
as a large multinational company with a long history of operating in a cyclical industry, schlumberger has extensive experience in working with its customers during difficult times to manage its accounts receivable.  during weak economic environments or when there is an extended period of weakness in oil and gas prices, schlumberger typically experiences delays in the payment of its receivables.  however, except for a $469 million accounts receivable write-off during the fourth quarter of 2017 as a result of the political and economic conditions in venezuela, schlumberger has not had material write-offs due to uncollectible accounts receivable over the recent industry downturn.  schlumberger generates revenue in more than 120 countries.  as of december 31, 2019, only three of those countries individually accounted for greater than 5% of schlumberger's net receivables balance, of which only one (the united states) accounted for greater than 10% of such receivables.
goodwill, intangible assets and long-lived assets schlumberger records the excess of purchase price over the fair value of the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed as goodwill. the goodwill relating to each of schlumberger's reporting units is tested for impairment annually as well as when an event, or change in circumstances, indicates an impairment may have occurred.
under generally accepted accounting principles, schlumberger has the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether the existence of events or circumstances leads to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of one or more of its reporting units is greater than its carrying amount. if, after assessing the totality of events or circumstances, schlumberger determines it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount, there is no need to perform any further testing. however, if schlumberger concludes otherwise, then it is required to perform a quantitative impairment test by calculating the fair value of the reporting unit and comparing the fair value with the carrying amount of the reporting unit. if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, an impairment loss is recorded based on that difference.
schlumberger has the option to bypass the qualitative assessment for any reporting unit in any period and proceed directly to performing the quantitative goodwill impairment test.
during 2019, schlumberger recorded an $8.8 billion goodwill impairment charge.  refer to note 3 to the consolidated financial statements for details regarding the facts and circumstances that led to this impairment and how the fair value of each reporting unit was estimated, including the significant assumptions used and other details.
long-lived assets, including fixed assets, intangible assets and investments in aps projects, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. in reviewing for impairment, the carrying value of such assets is compared to the estimated undiscounted future cash flows expected from the use of the assets and their eventual disposition. if such cash flows are not sufficient to support the asset's recorded value, an impairment charge is recognized to reduce the carrying value of the long-lived asset to its estimated fair value. the determination of future cash flows as well as the estimated fair value of long-lived assets involves significant estimates on the part of management. if there is a material change in economic conditions or other circumstances influencing the estimate of future cash flows or fair value, schlumberger could be required to recognize impairment charges in the future.
income taxes schlumberger conducts business in more than 100 tax jurisdictions, a number of which have tax laws that are not fully defined and are evolving. schlumberger's tax filings are subject to regular audits by the tax authorities. these audits may result in assessments for additional taxes that are resolved with the authorities or, potentially, through the courts. schlumberger recognizes the impact of a tax position in its financial statements if that position is more likely than not of being sustained on audit, based on the technical merits of the position.  tax liabilities are recorded based on estimates of additional taxes that will be due upon the conclusion of these audits. estimates of these tax liabilities are made based upon prior experience and are updated in light of changes in facts and circumstances. however, due to the uncertain and complex application of tax regulations, the ultimate resolution of audits may result in liabilities that could be materially different from these estimates. in such an event, schlumberger will record additional tax expense or tax benefit in the period in which such resolution occurs.
revenue recognition for certain long-lived construction-type contracts schlumberger recognizes revenue for certain long-term construction-type contracts over time.  these contracts involve significant design and engineering efforts in order to satisfy custom designs for customer-specific applications.  under this method, revenue is recognized as work progresses on each contract. progress is measured by the ratio of actual costs incurred to date on the project in relation to total estimated project costs.  approximately 5% of schlumberger's revenue in each of 2019 and 2018, respectively, was recognized under this method.
the estimate of total project costs has a significant impact on both the amount of revenue recognized as well as the related profit on a project.  revenue and profits on contracts can also be significantly affected by change orders and claims.  profits are recognized based on the estimated project profit multiplied by the percentage complete.  due to the nature of these projects, adjustments to estimates of contract revenue and total contract costs are often required as work progresses.  any expected losses on a project are recorded in full in the period in which they become probable.
multiclient seismic data schlumberger capitalizes the costs associated with obtaining multiclient seismic data.  the carrying value of the multiclient seismic data library at december 31, 2019 and 2018 was $568 million and $601 million, respectively.  such costs are charged to cost of services based on the percentage of the total costs to the estimated total revenue that schlumberger expects to receive from the sales of such data.  however, under no circumstances will an individual survey carry a net book value greater than a 4-year, straight-line amortized value.
the carrying value of surveys is reviewed for impairment annually as well as when an event or change in circumstance indicates an impairment may have occurred.  adjustments to the carrying value are recorded when it is determined that estimated future revenues, which involve significant judgment on the part of schlumberger, would not be sufficient to recover the carrying value of the surveys.  significant adverse changes in schlumberger's estimated future cash flows could result in impairment charges in a future period.  for purposes of performing the annual impairment test of the multiclient library, surveys are primarily analyzed for impairment on a survey-by-survey basis.
pension and postretirement benefits schlumberger's pension and postretirement benefit obligations are described in detail in note 17 to the consolidated financial statements. the obligations and related costs are calculated using actuarial concepts, which include critical assumptions related to the discount rate, expected rate of return on plan assets and medical cost trend rates. these assumptions are important elements of expense and/or liability measurement and are updated on an annual basis, or upon the occurrence of significant events.
the discount rate that schlumberger uses reflects the prevailing market rate of a portfolio of high-quality debt instruments with maturities matching the expected timing of payment of the related benefit obligations. the following summarizes the discount rates utilized by schlumberger for its various pension and postretirement benefit plans:
•   the discount rate utilized to determine the liability for schlumberger's united states pension plans and postretirement medical plan was 3.30% at december 31, 2019 and 4.30% at december 31, 2018.
•   the weighted-average discount rate utilized to determine the liability for schlumberger's international pension plans was 3.27% at december 31, 2019 and 4.00% at december 31, 2018.
•   the weighted-average discount rate utilized to determine expense for schlumberger's united states pension plans and postretirement medical plan increased from 3.70% in 2018 to 4.30% in 2019.
the expected rate of return for schlumberger's retirement benefit plans represents the average rate of return expected to be earned on plan assets over the period that benefits included in the benefit obligation are expected to be paid, with consideration given to the distribution of investments by asset class and historical rates of return for each individual asset class. the weighted average expected rate of return on plan assets for the united states pension plans was 6.60% in 2019 and 7.25% in 2018. the weighted average expected rate of return on plan assets for the international pension plans was 7.22% in 2019 and 7.40% in 2018. a lower expected rate of return would increase pension expense.
schlumberger's medical cost trend rate assumptions are developed based on historical cost data, the near-term outlook and an assessment of likely long-term trends. the overall medical cost trend rate assumption utilized to determine the 2019 postretirement medical expense and the postretirement medical liability at december 31, 2019 was 7.50%, graded to 4.5% over the next twelve years.
the following illustrates the sensitivity to changes in certain assumptions, holding all other assumptions constant, for schlumberger's united states and international pension plans:
change in assumption   pretax expense          liability
the following illustrates the sensitivity to changes in certain assumptions, holding all other assumptions constant, for schlumberger's united states postretirement medical plans:
change in assumption                       pretax expense           liability