Our business is subject to a wide range of complex U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, including changes in laws or regulations that may require us to change the manner in which we conduct some aspects of our business. The risk of failing to receive payments from clients could be magnified during significant financial or other disruptions or catastrophic events. We have disaster recovery, business continuity, and crisis management plans and procedures designed to protect our businesses against a multitude of events, including natural disasters, military or terrorist actions, power or communication failures, or similar events. Despite our preparations, our plans and procedures may not be successful in preventing or mitigating the loss of client data or funds, service interruptions, disruptions to our operations, or damage to our important facilities. A disruption of the data centers or cloud-computing services that we utilize could have a materially adverse effect on our business. Our industry is subject to rapid technological change, and if we fail to upgrade, enhance, and expand our technology and services to meet client needs and preferences, the demand for our solutions and services may materially diminish. We have been and will be undertaking certain transformation initiatives designed to streamline our organization and support our revenue growth, margin improvement, and productivity. If we do not successfully manage and execute these initiatives, our business, operations, and competitive position could be adversely affected. Our business, operations, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected by major natural disasters or catastrophic events, including civil unrest, geopolitical instability, and pandemics. The extent of any such impact depends on developments that are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the duration and scope of the event and the governmental and business actions taken in response. We are focused on ensuring that we safeguard and protect personal and business information and client funds, devoting significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes. However, the global environment continues to grow increasingly hostile, and we are regularly targeted by unauthorized parties using malicious tactics. Our ability to address data or cybersecurity incidents may depend on the timing and nature of assistance provided by governmental or law enforcement agencies. We have programs and processes in place to prevent, detect, and respond to data or cybersecurity incidents, but these may not be sufficient or adequate. Our ability to maintain our integrity and performance while under internal or external variations and disturbances is critical. We believe that providing insights and content from data, including via artificial intelligence and machine learning, will become increasingly important to the value that our solutions and services deliver to our clients. We are increasingly leveraging AI and ML in our solutions and service delivery and are exploring how best to integrate generative AI technologies. Our financial condition remains solid, and we have sufficient liquidity to support our associates and clients. We maintain access to various sources of liquidity, including borrowings under our commercial paper program and our committed credit facilities, which are critical for meeting our operational needs. The ability to provide data-driven insights and leverage AI and ML may be constrained by current or future laws, regulatory requirements, or ethical considerations. Our investment strategy is structured to allow us to average our way through an interest rate cycle, and we have consistently maintained the required level of liquidity to satisfy all of our obligations.