The company faces a wide range of risks, and its continued success depends on its ability to identify, prioritize, and appropriately manage enterprise risk exposures. Difficult conditions in global capital markets and the economy could have a material adverse effect on the company's investments, capital position, revenue, profitability, and liquidity. The company's results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the global economy generally. Although economies have proved resilient in the face of interest rate increases, tighter financial conditions for a prolonged period may result in continued weakening of economic conditions. The company has evaluated its holdings and identified investments in areas such as commercial real estate and highly leveraged companies as the most exposed to rising interest rates and an economic downturn. The company has examined in each case whether a reduction in size of the holding is appropriate. The company's investments are vulnerable to adverse market developments such as asset price volatility, lack of market liquidity, credit rating downgrades, payment defaults, asset restructurings, increased losses, and other risks. The company has developed an enterprise-wide risk management and governance framework to mitigate risk and loss to the company. However, there are inherent limitations to risk management strategies because risk may exist, or emerge in the future, that the company has not appropriately anticipated or identified. If the company's risk management framework proves ineffective, the company may suffer unexpected losses and could be materially adversely affected. The company's business depends in large part on its technology systems for interacting with employers, policyholders, sales associates, and brokers, and the company's business strategy involves providing customers with easy-to-use products to meet their needs. The company is investing in technology and other capabilities to continuously enhance its customer experience while also seeking to increase efficiencies. The company's development of new technology could lead to an increased risk of a business interruption or a cybersecurity breach. The company has made significant investments in the aflac brand over a long period of time, and the perception of unfavorable business practices or financial weakness could create doubt regarding the company's ability to honor the commitments it has made to its policyholders. The company depends heavily on key management personnel, and the loss of services of one or more of its key executives could harm the company's business. The company's ratings from independent rating agencies depend to a large extent on aflac's capitalization level. Any inability of aflac to pay dividends or make other payments to the parent company could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition and results of operations. The company intends to maintain higher than historical levels of liquidity and capital at the parent company for stress conditions and with the goals of addressing the company's hedge costs and related potential need for collateral. The company believes that its balance of cash and cash equivalents and cash generated by operations will be sufficient to satisfy both its short-term and long-term cash requirements. The company has already undertaken various measures to mitigate the sensitivity of aflac japan's smr. The company continues to evaluate alternatives for reducing this sensitivity, including the reduction of subsidiary dividends paid to the parent company and parent company capital contributions. The company aims to maintain strong capital ratios in aflac japan and aflac u.s. in support of its commitment to shareholder dividends while remaining tactical in its deployment of capital.