The organization’s ability to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite the presence of adversity is critical. Our risk management policies, standards, and procedures may prove to be ineffective and leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk, which could adversely affect our businesses, results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. We are exposed to certain risks if we are unable to maintain the availability of our critical technology systems and data and safeguard the confidentiality and integrity of our data, which could compromise our ability to conduct business and adversely affect our consolidated business. Our restructuring initiatives may not yield our expected reductions in expenses and improvements in operational and organizational efficiency. We may experience difficulty in marketing and distributing products through our current and future distribution channels, and the use of third parties may result in additional liabilities. The successful implementation of our initiatives may require us to effect business rationalizations, technology enhancements, and modifications to our operating model. The emergence of significant adverse experience compared to the experience we expected and priced for could require an adjustment to benefit reserves and/or deferred acquisition costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial results of operations for a particular period. The potential inadequacy of the liabilities we establish for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses is a key risk faced by the general insurance companies, which we manage through internal controls and oversight of the loss reserve setting process. We actively analyze the latest climate science and policies to anticipate potential changes to our risk profile, pricing models, and strategic planning and will continue to adapt to and evolve with the developing risk exposures attributed to climate change. Our businesses are exposed to loss events, such as fires or explosions, that have the potential to generate losses from a single insured client. The net risk to us is managed to acceptable limits established by the chief underwriting officer through a combination of internal underwriting standards and external reinsurance. We recognize that climate change has implications for insurance industry exposure to natural catastrophe risk. Our exposure to catastrophe-related loss depends on various factors, including the frequency and severity of the catastrophes, the availability of reinsurance, the rate of inflation, and the geographic or other concentrations of insured companies and individuals. We manage catastrophe exposure with multiple approaches such as setting risk limits based on aggregate probable maximum loss modeling, monitoring overall exposures and risk accumulations, modifying our gross underwriting standards, and purchasing catastrophe reinsurance through both traditional reinsurance and capital markets. We strive to optimize our reinsurance program to manage volatility and protect the balance sheet from tail events and unpredictable net losses in support of our profitable growth objectives. Our risk management efforts may not always be successful, and material adverse effects on our business, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, or financial condition may occur. The occurrence of one or more severe events could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. We utilize derivatives to manage our asset and liability duration as well as currency exposures. Our hedging programs are monitored on a daily basis to ensure that the economic liability hedge targets and the associated derivative portfolios stay within the threshold limits, pursuant to the approved hedging strategies.