The industries we serve can be volatile and difficult to predict, which necessitates effective management of resources, investments, production capacity, supply chain, workforce, and inventory to meet rapidly changing demand. If we do not effectively manage these challenges, our business performance and operating results may be adversely impacted. Uncertain or adverse economic and business conditions could materially and adversely impact our operating results, as they may lead to decreases in consumer spending and demand, resulting in customers pushing out, canceling, or refraining from purchasing our equipment or services. Sudden increases in demand for electronic products may cause shortages of parts and materials needed to manufacture our products, which could adversely impact our ability to meet customer demand and have an adverse impact on our revenues, operating results, and financial condition. Economic and industry uncertainty may impair the ability of suppliers to deliver parts and negatively affect our ability to manage operations and deliver our products. These conditions may also lead to consolidation or strategic alliances among other equipment manufacturers, which could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. Supply chain disruptions, manufacturing interruptions, or delays could affect our ability to meet customer demand, lead to higher costs, or result in excess or obsolete inventory. Our business depends on timely supply of equipment, services, and related products, which depends in part on the timely delivery of parts, materials, and services from suppliers and contract manufacturers. Volatility of demand for manufacturing equipment can also increase our and our suppliers' capital, technical, operational, and other risks. If we do not accurately forecast demand and allocate appropriate resources and investment towards addressing key technology changes and inflections, our business and results of operations may be materially and adversely impacted. We are exposed to ongoing changes in the various industries in which we operate, characterized by ongoing changes that impact demand for and the profitability of our products and services. Our strategic priorities include developing products that help solve customers' challenges at technology inflections, expanding our served market opportunities, and growing our services business. We must maintain operating flexibility to enable responses to changing markets, applications, and customer requirements. Our ability to successfully expand our business into new and related markets and industries may be adversely affected by the need to devote additional resources to develop new products, manage multiple businesses with variations in production planning, and effectively manage strategic alliances or partnerships. We are exposed to risks related to legal proceedings, claims, and investigations, which may divert management's attention and resources, potentially impacting our operational resilience. Cybersecurity incidents affecting our suppliers could impact our supply chain and adversely affect our manufacturing operations and ability to meet customer demand. Our efforts to comply with evolving laws and regulations concerning privacy, cybersecurity, and data protection could result in significant expenses and operational challenges. Our success depends on the protection of our technology using patents and other intellectual property rights, and any inability to enforce these rights could adversely impact our competitive position and business. The ability to attract, retain, and motivate qualified employees is vital to our success, and fluctuations in global economic conditions may hinder our ability to capitalize on current and new market opportunities.