This report and other documents we file with the SEC contain forward-looking statements that are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about us, our future performance, our business, our beliefs, and our management's assumptions. Our business is also subject to the risks that affect many other companies, such as employment relations, general economic conditions, geopolitical events, and international operations. Our efforts to collaborate with or acquire other companies, products, or technology, and to integrate the operations of companies or to support the products or technology we have acquired, may not be successful and may result in unanticipated costs, delays, or failures to realize the benefits of the transactions. We may not be able to access the capital and credit markets on terms that are favorable to us, or at all. A breakdown of our information technology systems, cyberattack, or information security breach could significantly compromise the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our information technology systems, interrupt the operation of our business, and affect our reputation. Our business and operations may be negatively affected by the failure, or perceived failure, of achieving our environmental, social, and governance objectives. The effects of global climate change and related natural disasters could negatively affect our business and operations. Our international business, including in China and emerging market countries, may be especially vulnerable to periods of global and local political, legal, regulatory, and financial instability, including issues of geopolitical relations and management of health policy in response to pressures such as global pandemics. We must conduct clinical trials in humans before we commercialize and sell any of our product candidates or existing products for new indications. The length of time, number of trial sites, and number of patients required for clinical trials vary substantially, and we may spend several years and incur substantial expense in completing certain clinical trials. We rely on third-party suppliers for certain of our raw materials, medical devices, and components. Manufacturing difficulties, disruptions, or delays could limit the supply of our products and limit our product sales. Our business activities outside of the United States are subject to the FCPA and similar antibribery or anticorruption laws, regulations, or rules of other countries in which we operate. We are also involved in legal proceedings, and civil and criminal litigation is inherently unpredictable, and the outcome can result in costly verdicts, fines, and penalties. We have a long-standing ambition to be environmentally responsible, and we regularly set targets to challenge ourselves to deliver further improvements. Our operational costs, including the cost of energy, materials, labor, distribution, and our other operational and facilities costs are subject to market conditions and are being adversely affected by inflationary pressures. As we expand internationally, we are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relative to the U.S. dollar. We have material cash requirements to pay third parties under various contractual obligations. We are obligated to make payments for operating leases, including rental commitments on abandoned leases and leases that have not yet commenced. We believe our estimations of future cash flows used for assessing impairment of long-lived assets are based on reasonable assumptions given the facts and circumstances as of the related dates of the assessments. Our ability to adequately and timely manufacture and supply our products is dependent on the uninterrupted and efficient operation of our facilities and those of our third-party contract manufacturers. If we or our third-party contract manufacturers cease or interrupt production, we may experience delayed shipments, delays in our clinical trials, supply constraints, and stock-outs.