Our operations are affected by various risks, many of which are beyond our control, and any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, and the actual outcome of matters as to which forward-looking statements are made. Changes in global and regional economic conditions may adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. Unfavorable conditions in the global economy may decrease the demand for our goods and services and adversely impact our revenues, operating results, and cash flows. Our growth strategy is largely based on demand for technologies that limit the impact of global climate change, and reduced demand for our solutions could negatively impact our revenues and earnings. Our extensive international operations can be adversely impacted by operational, economic, political, security, legal, and currency translation risks that could decrease profitability. We are actively investing large amounts of capital in developing markets, which we believe to have high growth potential, but these markets may be subject to greater risks, including political and economic instability. Successful operation of particular facilities may be disrupted by civil unrest, acts of war, sabotage, or terrorism. We continually assess the strategic fit of our existing businesses and may divest businesses that are deemed not to fit with our strategic plan or are not achieving the desired return on investment. The security of our information technology systems could be compromised, which could adversely affect our ability to operate. Our information technology capabilities are delivered through a combination of internal and external services, and if we do not effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, we could face transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, or business disruptions. Disruptions in the supply of energy, components, or raw materials could prevent us from meeting our contractual commitments and harm our business and financial results. Our operations could be impacted by catastrophic events outside our control, including severe weather conditions, epidemics, pandemics, acts of war, and terrorism, which could cause serious business disruptions. We face strong competition from large global competitors and many smaller regional competitors in many of our business segments. Our business depends on our ability to attract, develop, engage, and retain qualified employees, and competitive labor market conditions have resulted in increased demand for qualified personnel. Our success depends on our ability to manage workforce costs effectively, even with rapid political, social, and economic shifts in our markets. We are subject to extensive government regulation, and compliance with laws and regulations may involve significant costs or require changes in business practices that could result in reduced profitability. We believe we have sufficient cash, cash flows from operations, and funding sources to meet our liquidity needs. Our operations may present a safety risk to our employees, and notwithstanding our emphasis on safety, we may be unable to avoid safety incidents that result in injuries or deaths. We have established policies and procedures to help protect the security and privacy of information, but breaches of our security measures could expose us to a risk of loss or misuse of this information. We are committed to making investments that will make a meaningful difference on climate issues, allowing us to support our customers' sustainability journeys, conserve resources, and care for our employees and communities.