Our business, operations, and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. A prolonged disruption of our manufacturing facilities, research and development facilities, warehouses, or other significant operations, or those of our suppliers, could have a material adverse effect on us. We may be unable to maintain appropriate manufacturing capacity or product yields at our own manufacturing facilities, which could adversely affect our relationships with our customers, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are dependent on senior management, and if we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, we may not be able to execute our business strategy effectively. Our business depends on a wide variety of complex IT systems and services, and any failure of these internal or third-party systems and services to operate effectively could disrupt our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our business. Cyber-attacks are increasing in number and sophistication, and we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. The complexity of our products could result in unforeseen delays or expenses or undetected defects or bugs, which could adversely affect the market acceptance of new products, damage our reputation with current or prospective customers, and materially and adversely affect our operating costs. Our semiconductor business is dependent on winning competitive bid selection processes, known as "design wins," which can require us to dedicate significant development expenditures and scarce engineering resources. Failure to adjust our manufacturing and supply chain to accurately meet customer demand could adversely affect our results of operations. We expect our dependence on channel partners will increase following the VMware merger. Failure to maintain good relationships with our distributors and channel partners could adversely impact our business. We may also be involved in legal proceedings, including IP, securities litigation, and employee-related claims, which could divert efforts of management and result in significant expense and loss of our IP rights. Our ability to generate cash in the future will depend on our ability to effectively manage our operations and adapt to changing market conditions. The industries in which we operate are characterized by rapid technological changes, evolving industry standards, and changes in customer requirements, which may require us to invest significantly in research and development to remain competitive. Our operations are subject to various governmental regulations, and compliance with these regulations may cause us to incur significant expense. We may be required to incur significant expense to comply with, or to remedy violations of, these regulations. The average selling prices of semiconductor products in our markets have often decreased rapidly and may do so in the future, which could harm our revenue and gross profit. Our corporate income taxes could significantly increase if we are unable to maintain our tax concessions or if our assumptions and interpretations regarding tax laws and concessions prove to be incorrect. Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial health and our ability to execute our business strategy. We may pursue acquisitions, investments, joint ventures, and dispositions, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Our growth strategy includes acquiring or investing in businesses that offer complementary products, services, and technologies, or enhance our market coverage or technological capabilities.