Our future success will depend on our ability to develop new products or new product features that achieve market acceptance in a timely and cost-effective manner. We are continuously monitoring our operations and intend to take appropriate actions to mitigate the risks arising from catastrophic events, but there can be no assurances that we will be successful in doing so. If our backup and mitigation plans are not sufficient to minimize business disruption, our financial results could be adversely affected. We have devoted, and continue to devote, significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based productivity and real-time operations SaaS solutions, which we continue to broadly deploy to a large number of customers. Our reliance on third-party suppliers creates risks related to our potential inability to obtain an adequate supply of components or sub-assemblies and reduced control over pricing and timing of delivery of components and sub-assemblies, including single or sole-source components used in the manufacture of our products. We believe that in the past our sales were adversely impacted by negative coverage and publicity surrounding our products and services and their use. A decrease in the selling prices of or demand for these products, or their failure to maintain broad market acceptance, would significantly harm our competitive position, growth prospects, operating results, and financial condition. We cannot provide any assurance that products that we may develop in the future will achieve market acceptance. Our business strategy has in the past and may in the future include acquiring or making investments in other complementary products, technologies, or businesses. Identifying and negotiating these transactions can be time-consuming, difficult, and expensive, and our ability to close these transactions has in the past and may in the future be subject to third-party approvals, such as government regulatory approvals and clearances, which are beyond our control. We face risks associated with rapid technological change and new competing products. The introduction of products embodying new technologies and the emergence of new industry standards can render existing products obsolete and unmarketable. Our future success is dependent on our ability to expand sales through direct sales and distributors, and our inability to increase direct sales or recruit new distributors would negatively affect our sales. Our distribution strategy is to pursue sales through multiple channels, which are principally direct sales and independent distributors. We are focusing on direct sales to larger agencies through our regional sales managers, and our inability to grow sales to these agencies in this manner would materially adversely affect our business prospects, operating results, and financial condition. We are highly dependent on the services of our executive officers, including our chief executive officer. Our failure to retain executive officers could adversely impact our business. Our business is dependent upon the reputation of the Axon brand. If we are unable to maintain the position of the Axon brand, our business may be adversely affected by diminishing the appeal of the brand to our customer base. Adverse publicity or negative commentary from any media outlets could damage our reputation and reduce the demand for our products and services, which would adversely affect our business and financial results. We are subject to supply chain disruption should we learn that any of our suppliers is in violation of legislation that bans the import of goods based on their method of production. This may also result in negative publicity regarding our production methods, and alleged unethical or illegal practices of any of our suppliers could adversely affect our reputation. Our operations comprise two reportable segments: Taser and Software and Sensors. Our strategy includes continuing to shift an increasing amount of our business to a subscription model, to better match the municipal budgeting process of our customers as well as to allow for multiple product offerings to be bundled into existing subscriptions. Our success depends upon our ability to retain executive officers and attract, retain, and motivate qualified technical employees.