Business and economic conditions are a major driver of our results of operations, and difficult conditions in the business and economic environment may materially adversely affect our business. The risks and uncertainties we face are not limited to those described below, as additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. Our business is subject to the effects of geopolitical conditions, weather, natural disasters, and other catastrophic events, which can have a material adverse effect on our business. The consequences of negative circumstances impacting us or the economic environment generally can be sudden and severe and can impact customer types and geographies in which we operate in very different ways. We face intense competition that may materially impact our ability to differentiate ourselves from competitors, develop compelling value propositions for our customers, and effectively grow in areas such as mobile and online payments and emerging technologies. Our success is dependent on maintaining a culture of integrity and respect, the resilience of our colleagues through changes in the working environment, and upon our executive officers and other key personnel. The changing nature of the office environment may result in increased costs and present operational and workplace culture challenges. We have previously and may in the future pre-purchase loyalty points from certain of our cobrand partners, the value of which may diminish to the extent such partners cease operations or such points become less desirable to our customers. We rely on third-party service providers for acquiring and servicing customers, technology, platforms, and other services integral to the operations of our businesses. These third parties may act in ways that could materially harm our business. We have implemented a comprehensive operational risk framework that is defined in the operational risk management policy approved by the enterprise risk management committee. The operational risk management committee coordinates with all control groups on effective risk assessments and controls. We use our comprehensive enterprise risk management program to identify, aggregate, monitor, measure, report, and manage risks. The risk committee reviews and concurs with the appointment, replacement, performance, and compensation of our chief risk officer and receives regular updates from the chief risk officer on key risks and exposures. We maintain systems and processes aimed at detecting and preventing information security and cybersecurity incidents and fraudulent activity, which require significant investment, maintenance, and ongoing monitoring. Despite our efforts, the possibility of information, operational, and cybersecurity incidents cannot be eliminated entirely. Our ability to adopt new technologies may be inhibited by the emergence of industry-wide standards, a changing legislative and regulatory environment, and the complexity of our systems. We define climate-related risk as risks related to the transition to a low-carbon economy and risks related to the physical impacts of climate change. We continue to enhance our focus on climate-related risk within our risk governance framework. Our risk management framework may not be effective in identifying, measuring, and controlling our exposure to climate-related risks, particularly given that the timing, nature, and severity of the impacts of climate change may not be predictable. We seek to maintain access to a diverse set of cash, readily-marketable securities, and contingent sources of liquidity, such that we can continuously meet our business requirements and expected future financing obligations for at least a twelve-month period under a variety of adverse circumstances.