Our business and financial results are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. Economic and political uncertainty can negatively impact transaction growth rates, cancellation rates, and accommodation average daily rates. Other events beyond our control such as pandemics, natural disasters, or increased focus on the environmental impact of travel may disrupt or limit the ability or willingness of travelers to visit certain locations. Responses to such events by governments or global organizations could restrict travel in ways that could impact our ability to conduct our business. Intense competition could reduce our market share and harm our financial performance. The markets for the services we offer are intensely competitive and constantly evolving, requiring us to successfully adapt to changes or risk adverse effects on our business and results of operations. We may not be able to keep up with rapid technological or other market changes, which could hinder our ability to achieve our long-term strategy. Our ability to achieve our long-term strategy to build the connected trip will require increased financial and personnel investments that could have an adverse impact on our results of operations until we achieve the expected return on these investments. Our operational and technological infrastructures face risks related to the complexity of managing growth and increased demands on our systems and controls. We are conducting a multi-year phased migration to integrate and upgrade certain systems and processes, which is disruptive and costly and may not be successful. Any failure to implement or adapt to new technologies in a timely manner could adversely affect our ability to compete and impact our business, brand, market share, reputation, or results of operations. We rely on various third-party distribution channels to distribute accommodation, rental car, and airline ticket reservations, and should one or more of such third parties cease distribution, our business could be adversely affected. We face risks related to our environmental, social, and governance objectives, including climate-related commitments that require significant investment and management time. Our ability to achieve these goals is subject to risks including evolving regulatory requirements and the availability of partners that can meet our sustainability standards. We are also exposed to risks associated with the facilitation of payments, including fraud and compliance with evolving rules and regulations. Our liquidity and ongoing access to capital could be materially affected by global financial conditions and events. We have a substantial amount of outstanding indebtedness, and our ability to make payments depends on our future performance, which is subject to many factors beyond our control. The uncertainty of macroeconomic factors and their impact on consumer behavior makes it difficult to forecast industry and consumer trends. Our marketing efficiency is impacted by various factors, including average daily rates, costs per click, and cancellation rates. If we are unable to maintain or enhance consumer awareness and acceptance of our brands, our business and results of operations would be materially adversely affected. We face risks related to the growth rate and global expansion of our business, including competition from strong local competitors and challenges in managing that expansion. Our arrangements with travel service providers do not guarantee specific quantities of reservations, and any significant reduction in participation from major providers could materially adversely affect our business.