The statements in this section describe the most significant risks to our business, including macroeconomic risks that are highly sensitive to global and regional economic conditions, which could adversely affect our organizational resilience. Our results of operations are materially affected by economic conditions globally and regionally, and the demand for our products and services tends to be cyclical, significantly reduced in periods of economic weakness characterized by lower levels of government and business investment. Catastrophic events, including global pandemics, could materially adversely affect our business and operational continuity. The occurrence of major disruptive events could adversely affect our employees, our systems, and our ability to produce and distribute our products. Current material and component shortages, logistics constraints, and labor inefficiencies could limit our ability to meet customer demand, impacting our organizational health and resilience. Economic uncertainties could continue to affect customer demand for our products and services, as well as the financial condition and credit risk of our dealers and customers. A catastrophic event resulting in the destruction or disruption of our workforce, systems, or ability to produce and distribute our products could adversely affect our ability to conduct normal business operations. The adverse effects of such catastrophic events would be exacerbated if experienced simultaneously with another unexpected and adverse event. We are a significant user of steel and many other commodities required for the manufacture of our products, and increases in the prices of such commodities could negatively impact our business. We rely on suppliers to produce or secure material required for our products, and production challenges at suppliers could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet commitments to customers. Our business is also subject to operational risks, including our ability to develop, produce, and market quality products that meet customer needs. We must develop and sell products that appeal to our dealers, OEMs, and end-user customers, which is dependent on our ability to maintain key dealer relationships and produce products that meet quality, performance, and price expectations. Our continued success relies on leading-edge innovation and the availability and effectiveness of legal protection for our innovations. We operate in a highly competitive environment, which could adversely affect our sales and pricing. Increased information technology security threats pose a risk to our systems, networks, products, and services. Cybersecurity attacks could disrupt our systems and adversely affect our competitiveness and results of operations. We have experienced cybersecurity threats and vulnerabilities, and while they have not had a material impact on our financial condition, the potential consequences of a future material cybersecurity attack could adversely affect our organizational resilience. We are also subject to various legal proceedings and compliance risks, which could disrupt our business and adversely affect our financial condition. Changes in government monetary or fiscal policies may negatively impact our results and could affect our operational flexibility and strategic response. Our global operations are exposed to political and economic risks, and the occurrence of unexpected events could increase our cost of doing business or disrupt our operations. We continue to monitor external factors around the world, such as supply chain disruptions and inflationary cost pressures, to minimize challenges that may impact our ability to meet customer demand and maintain organizational resilience.