We operate in a very competitive business environment, which affects our ability to attract and retain customers and can adversely affect our business, operations, and financial results. The industry in which we operate is highly competitive and has become more so in recent years. A failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to new technologies and changes in customer expectations and behavior could significantly adversely affect our competitive position. Our ability to provide some services and complete our network evolution and rural construction initiatives might be materially adversely affected if any of our third-party service providers experience operational or financial difficulties. The existence of only a limited number of vendors of key technologies can lead to less product innovation and higher costs. Any of these events could materially and adversely affect our ability to retain and attract customers and our operations. Network and information systems technologies are critical to our operating activities, and disruptions caused by events such as cyber attacks, natural disasters, or power outages pose increasing risks. Our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities, and any significant service disruption could result in damage to our reputation and credibility, customer dissatisfaction, and ultimately a loss of customers or revenue. We are exposed to risks associated with the economic conditions of our current and potential customers, which could adversely affect our cash flow and financial condition. Weak economic conditions may also have a negative impact on our advertising revenue. Our operational results depend upon the retention and continued performance of our management team, and the loss of key employees could adversely affect our ability to manage our business. We have significant amounts of debt, and our ability to react to changes in our business could be limited. The agreements governing our debt contain restrictions that could significantly affect our ability to operate our business. Our business is subject to extensive governmental legislation and regulation, which could adversely affect our operations and financial condition. Changes to the existing legal and regulatory framework could impose additional restrictions on our businesses. We are also susceptible to risks associated with the potential financial instability of the vendors and third parties on which we rely. If we fail to comply with the rules and requirements of subsidy grants, we could incur substantial penalties or be suspended from future governmental programs. The demands of large media companies have limited our flexibility in selling tailored programming packages. We continue to invest in our ability to provide a differentiated internet connectivity experience for our customers. Our success is dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt, upgrade, and exploit new and existing technologies to address consumers' changing demands. We are actively pursuing strategic initiatives to launch products or enhancements to our services, and our ability to maintain and expand our upgraded systems is critical to attracting and retaining customers. Our capital expenditures reflect our commitment to network evolution and expansion initiatives, which are essential for maintaining operational continuity and adapting to market demands. We expect to utilize free cash flow and cash on hand to fund our projected cash needs and invest in business growth opportunities. Our target leverage of net debt to adjusted EBITDA remains at 4 to 4.5 times, and we believe we have sufficient liquidity to fund our operations and strategic initiatives.