In addition to the risks described elsewhere in this report, we face risks associated with significant international operations, including exposure to foreign currency fluctuations. Geographic diversity helps to reduce our exposure to risks in any one country or part of the world, but it also means that we face risks associated with significant international operations, including changing macroeconomic conditions in our markets, political instability or uncertainty, environmental events, and changes in exchange rates for foreign currencies. We have business continuity and contingency plans in place for key manufacturing sites and contract manufacturers and the supply of raw and packaging materials. Nonetheless, a significant disruption to the manufacturing or sourcing of products or materials could interrupt product supply and adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. We continue to monitor the impact of the sanctions, export controls, and import restrictions imposed in response to geopolitical events. Our ability to manage disruptions in our global supply chain and key office facilities is critical to our operational flexibility and resilience. We are engaged in the manufacture and sourcing of products and materials on a global scale, and our operations have been disrupted by various factors, including geopolitical events, widespread health emergencies, and natural disasters. Our success depends upon our ability to recruit, attract, and retain key employees, and successfully executing organizational change, including management transitions at leadership levels, is critical to our business success. We are also focused on driving organic sales growth and long-term profitable growth through science-led innovation and expanding in faster-growing channels and markets. Our strategy is based on maximizing the impact of our sustainability and social impact and diversity, equity, and inclusion strategies. We are strengthening and leveraging our capabilities in areas such as innovation, digital, artificial intelligence, e-commerce, and data analytics, enabling us to be more responsive in today's rapidly changing world. We believe that we are well prepared to meet the challenges ahead due to our strong financial condition, experience operating in challenging environments, resilient global supply chain, and focused business strategy. Our commitment to these priorities, the strength of our brands, and a commitment to profitability and driving efficiency in cash generation should position us well to manage through the challenges we face. The ongoing geopolitical tensions and economic conditions could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. We continue to take measures to mitigate the effects of these events and conditions, and we cannot estimate with certainty the full extent of their impact on our business. Our ability to adapt and respond effectively during crises is essential for maintaining operational continuity and organizational resilience.