Our business is subject to the impact of global market, economic and political conditions that are beyond our control and that could significantly impact our business and make our financial results more volatile. We operate in a heavily regulated environment that imposes significant costs and competitive burdens on our business, and our failure to maintain compliance with regulations could result in the loss of customers, fines or other consequences to our regulated status. We are primarily subject to the jurisdiction of the regulatory agencies in the U.S., U.K. and European Union. Our businesses and those of many of our clients have been and continue to be subject to extensive legislation and regulatory scrutiny, and we face the risk of continued increasing oversight and changes to our regulatory environment. Our strategic business plan is to operate an efficient and transparent vertically integrated transaction execution, clearing and settlement business. Our role in the global marketplace places us at greater risk for a cyber attack and other cyber-security risks. We regard the secure storage and transmission of data and the ability to continuously transact and clear on our electronic trading platforms as critical elements of our operations and our operational resiliency. We have designed our cyber defense program to mitigate such attacks and security risks through administrative, physical and technical safeguards. We maintain risk management, compliance and monitoring policies, procedures and programs that are designed to prevent, detect, deter, monitor and manage our risks, including enterprise risk, compliance and internal audit programs. Our ability to manage our risks and comply with applicable laws and regulations in the jurisdictions where we operate is largely dependent on our establishment and maintenance of effective risk management, compliance and monitoring programs. The success of our markets depends on our ability to complete development of, successfully implement and maintain electronic trading and clearing systems that have the functionality, performance, availability and resilience required by our customers. We must continue to enhance our electronic trading platforms and other technology offerings to remain competitive. Our technology, our customers, our people and our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to targeted attacks, which could result in wrongful use of our data or cause interruptions in our operations. We cannot assure that we will not experience system failures from power or telecommunications failures, acts of God, war or terrorism, human error, natural disasters, or cyber attacks. If any of our systems or the systems of our third-party providers do not operate properly, are compromised or are disabled, we could suffer financial loss, liability to customers, regulatory intervention or reputational damage. We are dependent on a number of suppliers for elements of our trading, clearing, and other systems, as well as communications and networking equipment. An interruption or cessation of an important supply or service by any third party could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our growth strategy may subject us to increased legal, compliance and regulatory obligations. We may not be successful in identifying opportunities or in integrating the acquired businesses. The expansion of our global operations is complex and subjects us to increased business and economic risks that could adversely affect our financial results. If we are unable to manage the complexity of our global operations successfully, or if the risks become substantial for us, our financial performance and operating results could suffer. We face intense competition from other companies, and if we are not able to successfully compete, our business, financial condition and operating results will be materially harmed. The success of our business depends, in part, on our ability to maintain and increase trading volume in our markets. Our strategic initiatives are designed to enhance our operational flexibility and resilience in the face of external pressures and disruptions.