Our business is also subject to general risks and uncertainties that affect many other companies, including, but not limited to, overall economic and industry conditions. The occurrence of food-borne illnesses or food safety issues could also adversely affect the price and availability of affected ingredients, resulting in higher costs and lower margins. We may be at a higher risk for food safety incidents than some competitors due to our greater use of fresh, unprocessed produce, handling of raw chicken in our restaurants, and the lack of added preservatives and frozen ingredients in our menu items. All of these factors could have an adverse impact on our ability to attract and retain guests, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on our growth and profitability. Our digital business, which accounted for a significant portion of our 2023 total revenue, is subject to risks, including reliance on third-party delivery companies. If the third-party delivery companies we utilize increase their fees or give greater priority or promotions on their platforms to other restaurants, our delivery business and our sales may be negatively impacted. The restaurant industry is highly competitive, and if we are unable to compete successfully, our business, financial condition, and results of operations would be adversely affected. Our commitment to higher-quality and responsibly sourced ingredients gives us a competitive advantage; however, many of our competitors also make claims related to the quality of their ingredients. If we are unable to continue to maintain our distinctiveness and compete effectively, our business could be adversely affected. Our success depends in large part on our ability to persuade guests that food made with ingredients that were raised or grown according to our food with integrity principles are worth paying a higher price relative to prices of some of our competitors. Our aggressive pace of opening new restaurants can make it increasingly difficult to recruit and hire sufficient numbers of qualified employees, which could materially harm our business and results of operations. Maintaining appropriate staffing in our restaurants requires precise workforce planning, which has become more complex due to predictive scheduling laws and "just cause" termination legislation. Our ability to continue to grow our business depends substantially on the contributions and abilities of our executive leadership team and other key management personnel. A failure to maintain appropriate organizational capacity and capability to support our strategic initiatives could jeopardize our ability to meet our business performance expectations and growth targets. Our reliance on technology has grown, and the scope and severity of risks posed to our systems from cyber threats has increased. We continue to make significant investments in technology, third-party services, and personnel to develop and implement systems and processes that are designed to anticipate cyber-attacks and to prevent or minimize breaches of our information technology systems or data loss. Our business is dependent on frequent and consistent deliveries of ingredients that comply with our food with integrity specifications. We remain in regular contact with our key suppliers and to date we have not experienced significant prolonged disruptions in our supply chain; however, inflationary pressures for certain supplies and ingredients could continue. We are subject to extensive laws, government regulation, and other legal requirements, and our failure to comply with existing or new laws and regulations could adversely affect our operational efficiencies and ability to attract and retain talent. Our growth depends on our ability to open new restaurants at an aggressive rate and operate them profitably as soon as possible. If we are unable to successfully manage these risks, we could face increased costs and lower than anticipated sales and earnings in future periods.