Our business could also be affected by additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial. The exploration and production of oil and gas is a highly competitive industry. We must also compete for the materials, equipment, services, employees and other personnel necessary to conduct our business. Our ability to successfully execute on our energy transition plans is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and may be costly to achieve. Our ability to achieve stated targets, goals and ambitions is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties out of our control, including government policies and markets, as well as potential regulations that may impair our ability to execute on current or future plans. Our operations are subject to a variety of hazards and risks that require significant and continuous oversight, such as the monitoring, prevention or mitigation of or protection from explosions, fires, product spills, severe weather, geological events, global health crises, labor disputes, geopolitical tensions, armed hostilities, terrorist or piracy attacks, sabotage, civil unrest or cyberattacks. Our business and operations may be disrupted if we do not respond, or are perceived not to respond, in an appropriate manner to any of these hazards and risks or any other major crisis or if we are unable to efficiently restore or replace affected operational components and capacity. Our operations are subject to extensive governmental regulations across numerous jurisdictions. We expect to continue to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs as a result of our compliance with existing and future environmental laws and regulations. The ultimate financial impact arising from environmental laws and regulations is neither clearly known nor easily determinable as new standards continue to evolve. We have adopted operating principles that incorporate established industry standards designed to meet or exceed government requirements. Our practices continually evolve as technology improves and regulations change. The energy transition will likely be complex, evolving over multiple decades with many possible pathways and uncertainties. Our triple mandate and foundational principles guide our differential value proposition to deliver competitive returns on and of capital to stockholders through price cycles. A strong balance sheet is a strategic asset that provides flexibility through price cycles. We strive to maintain our 'A'-rating, as we did throughout 2023. We believe that this framework, combined with our success in meeting the business objectives set by our triple mandate, represents the most effective way for us to sustainably contribute to society's transition to a low-carbon economy. We recognize the importance of ESG performance to our stakeholders and company success, and we have a governance structure that extends from the board of directors through to executive leadership and business unit managers. Our ability to manage risk or influence outcomes in joint ventures may be constrained. Our investments in low-carbon technologies may expose us to numerous financial, legal, operational, reputational and other risks. Our ability to sell and deliver the crude oil, bitumen, LNG, natural gas and NGLs that we produce also depends on the availability, proximity, and capacity of gathering, processing, compression, transportation and pipeline facilities and equipment. We are committed to creating long-term value for our stakeholders. The macro-environment of the global energy industry, including the energy transition, continues to evolve. We believe ConocoPhillips will continue to play an essential role by executing on three objectives: responsibly meeting energy transition pathway demand, delivering competitive returns on and of capital and achieving our net-zero operational emissions ambition.