Our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider not to be material. Achieving the anticipated benefits from the arrangements on an ongoing basis is subject to a number of significant challenges and uncertainties, including potential changes in supplier relationships and terms, unexpected or unforeseen costs, and issues that could impede our ability to continue to work collaboratively. A disruption in our distribution or generic purchasing services arrangements could adversely affect our business and financial results. If our operations are seriously disrupted for any reason deemed within our control, we may have an obligation to pay or credit for failure to supply products. Moreover, if the economic benefits we are able to obtain through the generics purchasing services arrangement decline due to changes in market conditions, our margins and results of operations could also be adversely affected. We face geopolitical and other risks associated with our international operations, which could materially adversely impact our results of operations and our financial condition. Our operations and performance depend on economic conditions in the United States and other countries or regions where we do business. Deterioration in general economic conditions could adversely affect the amount of prescriptions that are filled and the amount of pharmaceutical products purchased by consumers. We are subject to operational and logistical risks that might not be covered by insurance, including risks inherent in the distribution of pharmaceuticals and the provision of related services. We are also subject to industry risks that might not be covered by insurance nor indemnification obligations of our contracted parties. Our ability to attract, engage, develop, and retain qualified and experienced employees is essential for us to meet our objectives. Competition among potential employers might result in increased salaries, benefits, or other employee-related costs, or in our failure to recruit and retain employees. We might be adversely impacted by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, and changes in foreign currency exchange rates could reduce our revenues or increase our costs. We face risks related to health epidemics and pandemics, including risks related to responses by governments as well as customers and suppliers. A pandemic could adversely affect our operations, supply chains, and distribution network. Our businesses rely on sophisticated information systems to manage data to facilitate the purchase and distribution of inventory items. Security incidents such as ransomware attacks are becoming increasingly prevalent and severe. We continue to focus on strategies and systems to address climate change, but we face climate and environmental risks that could adversely affect our operations and financial performance. The long-term effects of climate change on general economic conditions and the pharmaceutical distribution industry are unclear. We have exposure to foreign currency and exchange rate risk from our non-U.S. operations, and we use forward contracts to hedge against the foreign currency exchange rate impact. We also have market risk exposure to interest rate fluctuations relating to our debt. Our results of operations may suffer upon the bankruptcy, insolvency, or other credit failure of a significant customer or supplier. We regularly evaluate our portfolio to determine whether an asset or business may no longer help us meet our objectives. If we are unable to achieve any of our objectives, the expected future benefits may not be realized fully or may take longer to realize than expected, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.