The risks described could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our financial and operational performance is highly dependent on our U.S. and Canadian operations. Any substantial slowing or sustained decline in these operations could materially adversely affect our business and financial results. We may be unsuccessful in implementing our growth strategy, including expanding our business in existing markets and new markets, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We also may have difficulty negotiating leases or purchase agreements on acceptable terms. Failure to effectively manage these factors may affect our ability to timely build or lease and operate new warehouses and depots, which could have a material adverse effect on our future growth and profitability. Disruptions in merchandise distribution or processing, packaging, manufacturing, and other facilities could adversely affect sales and member satisfaction. Disruptions due to extreme weather conditions or catastrophic events may result in delays in the production and delivery of merchandise to our warehouses. Our e-commerce operations depend heavily on third-party and in-house logistics providers and are negatively affected when these providers are unable to provide services in a timely fashion. We may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer trends, which could negatively affect our relationship with our members and the demand for our products and services. Failure to identify timely or effectively respond to changing consumer tastes and preferences could negatively affect our relationship with our members. Our ability to control labor and benefit costs is subject to numerous internal and external factors, including regulatory changes and prevailing wage rates. We compete with other retail and non-retail businesses for qualified employees, and our success depends on attracting, training, and retaining these employees. We are subject to risks associated with the legislative, judicial, accounting, regulatory, political, and economic factors specific to the countries or regions in which we operate. Natural disasters and extreme weather conditions could negatively affect our operations and financial performance. Such events could result in physical damage to our properties, limitations on store operating hours, and disruptions to our IT systems. We are currently making substantial investments in maintaining and enhancing our digital resiliency, and failure or delay in these projects could be costly and harmful to our business. Increased security threats and more sophisticated cyber misconduct pose a risk to our systems, networks, products, and services. Cybersecurity attacks may disrupt our operations and result in reputational damage. We are required to maintain the privacy and security of personal and business information amidst multiplying threat landscapes. The potential impacts of a cybersecurity attack include reputational damage, litigation, and disruption to systems and operations. We are also exposed to risks relating to evaluations of controls required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Changes in tax rates and exposure to additional tax liabilities could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We are subject to a wide and increasingly broad array of federal, state, regional, local, and international laws and regulations. Failure to comply with these laws could result in significant costs and penalties. We are involved in a number of legal proceedings and audits, and some of these outcomes could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our ability to adapt to these challenges and maintain operational continuity is critical for our organizational resilience.