Our business is exposed to risks associated with online commerce security and credit card fraud. Consumer concerns over the security of transactions conducted on the internet or the privacy of users may inhibit the growth of the internet and online commerce. We maintain an information security program and our processing systems incorporate multiple levels of protection in order to address or otherwise mitigate these risks. Despite these mitigation efforts, there can be no assurance that we will be immune to these risks and not suffer losses in the future. Our operations are subject to international, federal, provincial, state and local laws and regulations regarding the protection of the environment in the countries in which we have storage facilities. We could incur substantial expenditures for preventative, investigative, or remedial action and could be exposed to liability arising from our operations, contamination by previous users of certain of our acquired facilities or facilities which we may acquire in the future, or the disposal of our waste at off-site locations. We have incurred expenses for environmental remediation in the past, and environmental laws and regulations could become more stringent over time. Our future success depends in large part upon the leadership and performance of our executive management team. If we lose the service of one or more of our senior executives or key employees, or if one or more of the senior executives or key employees decide to join a competitor or otherwise compete directly or indirectly with us, we may not be able to successfully manage our business or achieve our business objectives. We face significant competition for the supply of salvage and other vehicles and for the buyers of those vehicles. Our ability to manage growth depends not only on our ability to successfully integrate new facilities, but also on our ability to hire, train and manage additional qualified personnel; establish new relationships or expand existing relationships with vehicle sellers; identify and acquire or lease suitable premises on competitive terms; secure adequate capital; identify productive uses for available capital reserves; and maintain the supply of vehicles from vehicle sellers. Our inability to control or manage these growth factors effectively could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and financial position. As we continue to expand our business internationally, we will need to develop policies and procedures to manage our business on a global scale. Our failure to manage any of these risks successfully could harm our international operations and have an adverse effect on our operating results. We regularly evaluate our capacity in all our markets and where appropriate, seek to increase capacity through the acquisition of additional land and yards. Our expansion into markets outside the U.S. exposes us to risks arising from operating in international markets. We may not be successful in realizing anticipated synergies from these acquisitions, or we may experience unanticipated costs or expenses integrating the acquired operations into our existing business. Our operations depend on key seller relationships, and our failure to maintain those relationships would have an adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations and could have an adverse effect on our future operating results. We believe that we contribute to economic development and well-being by enabling more affordable access to mobility around the world. We mobilized our people, entered into emergency leases, and engaged with a multitude of service providers to timely retrieve, store, and remarket tens of thousands of flood-damaged vehicles in South Florida in the wake of Hurricane Ian in the fall of 2022. Our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other risks associated with our international operations will be critical to our success.