The statements in this section describe the most significant risks that could materially and adversely affect our business, consolidated financial condition, and consolidated results of operation. Many risks are interrelated, and unexpected events, including global health pandemics such as COVID-19, could negatively impact our business and adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. Disruptions caused by catastrophic or extraordinary events may result in customer disruption, physical damage to key operating facilities, or the temporary disruption of information systems. We have an active disaster recovery plan in place that is frequently reviewed and tested; however, our computer systems are subject to damage or interruption due to various potential disruptions. Although we believe that we have adopted appropriate measures to mitigate potential risks to our technology and operations, the unpredictability of such disruptions could lead to operational delays and interruptions in our ability to provide products and services. Our ability to achieve our environmental, social, and governance goals is subject to risks, many of which are outside of our control, and our reputation could be harmed if we fail to meet such goals. We believe that a key component of our success is our corporate culture, which depends on our ability to attract, develop, and retain key employees. Competitive pressures and labor shortages may make it more difficult and expensive for us to attract and retain key employees, which could adversely affect our businesses. Our principal objective is to exceed customers' expectations in order to maximize long-term value, and we pursue strategies to increase penetration at existing customers and broaden our customer base. The combination of our distribution system and strong customer relationships provides a platform from which we launch additional products and services. We regularly review our operating segments for reporting purposes based on the information our chief operating decision maker regularly reviews for purposes of allocating resources and assessing performance. The success of any acquisition depends in part on our ability to integrate the acquired company, and unforeseen difficulties may require a disproportionate amount of our management's attention and resources. We rely extensively on computer systems to process transactions and manage our businesses, and disruptions in the availability of these systems could impact our ability to service our customers. Our ability to find qualified suppliers who meet our standards is a significant challenge, especially with respect to suppliers located outside the U.S. Political and economic stability in the countries where our suppliers are located, as well as factors relating to foreign trade, are beyond our control and could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. We have experienced cybersecurity incidents in the past, but none have had a material adverse effect on our business. However, if our network of security controls fails or we are unable to address security incidents, it could result in financial losses, loss of business, or damage to our reputation. The risks and uncertainties described herein are not the only ones we may face, and additional risks presently not known to us may also harm our business. Our ability to adapt to changing conditions and maintain operational continuity is critical for our resilience in the face of adversity.