You should carefully consider each of the following risks and uncertainties and all of the other information set forth in this 10-K. These risks and uncertainties may affect forward-looking statements, including those we make in this 10-K or elsewhere, such as in news releases or investor or analyst calls, meetings or presentations, on our websites or through our social media channels. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. There can be no assurance that we have identified all the risks that affect us. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial also may adversely affect our businesses. Any of these risks or uncertainties could cause our actual results to differ materially from our expectations and the expected results discussed in our forward-looking statements. We must maintain and improve our relationships with our retail and specialty pharmacy customers and increase the demand for our products and services. We face significant competition in attracting and retaining talented employees. Further, managing succession for, and retention of, key executives is critical to our success. Failure of our businesses to effectively collaborate could prevent us from maximizing our operating results. We are subject to business continuity hazards and risks that could interrupt our operations or otherwise adversely affect our performance and operating results. Both our and our vendors' operations are subject to a variety of business continuity hazards and risks, including natural disasters and extreme weather events, utility and other mechanical failures, acts of war or terrorism, acts of civil unrest, crime, disruption of communications, data security and preservation, disruption of supply or distribution, safety regulation and labor difficulties. The occurrence of any of these or other events to us or our vendors might disrupt or shut down our operations or otherwise adversely affect our operations. Although we have developed procedures for crisis management and disaster recovery and business continuity plans, our crisis management and disaster recovery procedures and business continuity plans may not be effective. Our operating results are affected by the health of the economy in general and in the communities we serve. An unfavorable, uncertain or volatile economic environment, as we have experienced recently as a result of inflation, rising interest rates, supply chain disruptions, and COVID-19, has caused and could cause a decline in drug utilization, an increase in health care utilization, a dampening demand for PBM services and retail products, and an increase in theft or other crime that could impact our retail locations. We are exposed to risks relating to the solvency of other insurers. We routinely are subject to litigation and other adverse legal proceedings, including class actions and qui tam actions. Many of these proceedings seek substantial damages which may not be covered by insurance. Our litigation and regulatory risk profiles are changing as we offer new products and services and expand in business areas beyond our historical businesses, and we may face increased regulatory risks related to our vertical integration strategy. The company is creating new sources of value through its integrated model allowing it to expand into personalized, technology-driven care delivery and health services, increasing access to quality care, delivering better health outcomes, and lowering overall health care costs. The company expects benefits from enterprise-wide cost savings initiatives and investments in efficiencies, which aim to reduce the company's operating cost structure in a way that improves the consumer experience and is sustainable. The company believes its operating cash flows, commercial paper program, credit facilities, as well as any potential future borrowings, will be sufficient to fund these future payments and long-term initiatives.