Chevron's risk management systems are designed to assess potential physical and other risks to its operations and assets and to plan for their resiliency. The company's operations could be disrupted by natural or human causes beyond its control, including risks from hurricanes, severe storms, floods, and other forms of severe weather, which could result in suspension of operations or harm to people or the natural environment. While capital investment reviews and decisions incorporate potential ranges of physical risks such as storm severity and frequency, it is difficult to predict with certainty the timing, frequency, or severity of such events, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations or financial condition. Chevron seeks to minimize operational risks by carefully designing and building its facilities and conducting operations in a safe and reliable manner. However, failure to manage these risks effectively could impair the company's ability to operate and result in unexpected incidents, including releases, explosions, or mechanical failures resulting in personal injury, loss of life, environmental damage, loss of revenues, legal liability, and disruption to operations. The company has implemented and maintains a system of corporate policies, standards, processes, and systems to manage safety, health, environmental, reliability, and efficiency risks; to verify compliance with applicable laws and policies; and to respond to and learn from unexpected incidents. Chevron's results depend on its ability to identify and mitigate the risks and hazards inherent to operating in the energy industry. The company does not insure against all potential losses, which could result in significant financial exposure. The occurrence of a significant incident or unforeseen liability could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations or financial condition. Chevron's business is subject to various risks that could materially impact its results of operations and financial condition, including changing political, regulatory, and economic environments in the countries where it operates. Actions taken by governments could harm the company's competitiveness or relations with other governments or third parties. The company is required to comply with sanctions and other trade laws, which could adversely impact operations and financial results. Increasing attention to environmental, social, and governance (ESG) matters impacts the company, resulting in changes to the portfolio and company activities, increased costs, reduced demand for products, and damage to reputation. The company has announced aspirations to achieve net zero scope 1 and 2 emissions in upstream by 2050, and its ability to achieve these aspirations is subject to numerous risks, many of which are outside of its control. The ultimate impact of greenhouse gas emissions and climate change-related agreements, legislation, regulation, and government actions on the company's financial performance is highly uncertain. Chevron's participation in various initiatives related to climate change and emissions may differ from the ambitions of other participants, and the company may unilaterally change its individual ambitions and goals. The company's operational flexibility and strategic response to environmental disruptions are critical for maintaining performance under pressure and ensuring organizational resilience in the face of adversity.