The following risks are considered material to our business based upon current knowledge, information, and assumptions. We may be unable to manage increasing political, economic, and social uncertainty in certain regions of the world, which could significantly change the dynamics of our competition, customer base, and product offerings globally. Our ability to adapt in highly competitive markets could affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of our smart industrial operating model and leap ambitions. Failure to realize the anticipated benefits of our smart industrial operating model and related business strategies in production systems, precision technologies, and aftermarket support could adversely affect results of our operations and financial condition. We may not be able to achieve these goals for a variety of reasons, some of which may be beyond our control. Our ability to understand our customers' preferences and requirements and to develop, manufacture, and market products that meet customer demand could significantly affect our business results. The purchasing decisions of our customers, particularly the purchasers of agriculture and turf equipment, can be significantly affected by poor or unusual weather conditions. The potential physical impacts of climate change on our facilities, suppliers, and customers, and therefore on our operations, are highly uncertain and will be particular to the circumstances developing in various geographic regions. These potential physical effects may adversely affect the demand for our products and the cost, production, sales, and financial performance of our operations. We rely on our suppliers to acquire the raw materials, components, and whole goods required to manufacture their products. Significant disruptions to the supply chain resulting from shortages of raw materials, components, and whole goods have and could continue to adversely affect our ability to meet commitments to our customers. Our business may suffer if our equipment fails to perform as expected. If our equipment does not perform as expected, we may receive warranty claims and have to perform post-sales repairs or recalls. Our continued success depends, in part, on our ability to identify and attract qualified candidates with the requisite education, background, and experience as well as our ability to develop, engage, and retain qualified employees. Security breaches and other disruptions to our information technology infrastructure could interfere with our operations and could compromise our information as well as information of our employees, customers, suppliers, and/or dealers, exposing us to liability that could cause our business and reputation to suffer. The occurrence of one or more unexpected events, including war, acts of terrorism, epidemics and pandemics, civil unrest, fires, tornadoes, tsunamis, hurricanes, earthquakes, floods, and other forms of severe weather in the United States or in other countries in which we operate, or in which our suppliers are located, have adversely affected and could in the future adversely affect our operations and financial performance. We are subject to numerous international, federal, state, and local laws and regulations, many of which are complex, frequently changing, and subject to varying interpretations. Compliance with these laws and regulations is expensive and may further increase the cost of conducting our global operations. Our brand depends on the ability to maintain a positive customer perception of the business, including the core values of integrity, quality, innovation, and commitment. Negative claims or publicity involving us, our products or services, our culture and values, our stance on environmental, social, and governance topics, customer data, or any of our key employees or suppliers, could damage our reputation and brand image.