Our risk management framework seeks to identify and mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return. We must remain operationally effective and manage operational and reputational risks such as fraud and cybersecurity, while continuing to monitor and effectively respond to an external environment that may negatively impact the utilization or desirability of our products and services. If we fail to develop and implement innovative and efficient technology solutions and marketing initiatives while effectively managing legal, regulatory, compliance, security, operational and other risks as well as expenses, we may be unable to expand quickly and the results of our expansion may be unsatisfactory. We must effectively empower, integrate and deploy our management and operational resources and incorporate global and local business, regulatory and consumer perspectives into our decisions and processes. Our ability to manage our credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance and legal risk and strategic risk is critical to our organizational resilience. We conduct liquidity stress tests regularly and ensure contingency funding is in place to address potential liquidity shortfalls. Our liquidity risk and funding management policy outlines the overall framework and general principles we follow in managing liquidity risk across our business. The board of directors approves the policy and the asset and liability management committee is responsible for its implementation. We seek to balance the trade-offs between maintaining too much liquidity, which may be costly, with having too little liquidity, which could cause financial distress. We utilize early warning indicators to detect emerging liquidity stress events, and a warning from one or more of these indicators triggers prompt review and decision-making by our senior management team. We assess funding uses and liquidity needs under stressed and normal operating conditions, considering primary uses of funding, such as on-balance sheet loans and contingency uses of funding. We conduct liquidity stress tests to assess the impact of idiosyncratic, systemic and hybrid scenarios with varying levels of liquidity risk reflecting a range of stress severity. Our primary contingency liquidity sources include our liquidity portfolio securities, which we could sell, repo or borrow against, and private securitizations with unused borrowing capacity. We have access to the federal reserve bank of Philadelphia's discount window, which provides another source of contingency liquidity. We seek to maintain sufficient liquidity to satisfy all maturing obligations and fund business operations for at least 12 months in a severe stress environment. Our ability to attract and maintain deposits, as well as our cost of funds, has been significantly affected by general economic conditions. We are subject to risks stemming from laws and regulations, compliance therewith and related litigation and an uncertain economic environment. The completion of the merger is conditioned on the absence of certain orders, injunctions or decrees by any court or regulatory agency of competent jurisdiction that would prohibit or make illegal the completion of any of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. Our management team will have devoted substantial time and resources to matters relating to the merger, which could cause us to lag competitor advances. The success of the merger will depend, in part, on the ability to realize the anticipated revenue and cost synergies from combining the businesses of us and capital one. If we are unable to retain key employees, including management, who are critical to the successful integration and future operations of the companies, we could face disruptions in operations, loss of existing customers, loss of key information, expertise or know-how and unanticipated additional recruitment costs.