Our homebuilding, rental, and land development operations are cyclical and affected by changes in economic, real estate, or other conditions that could adversely affect our business and financial results. Adverse changes in these general and local economic conditions or deterioration in the broader economy may negatively impact our business and financial results and increase the risk for asset impairments and write-offs. We may be unable to change the pricing or mix of our home or rental offerings, reduce the costs of the homes or properties we build, or offer more affordable homes or rental properties without adversely affecting our profits and returns. We establish reserves for estimated losses and future repurchase obligations for mortgage loans we have sold; however, actual future obligations related to these mortgages could differ significantly from our current estimated amounts. Our financial services business is closely related to our homebuilding business, as it originates mortgage loans principally to purchasers of the homes we build. A decrease in the demand for our homes because of the foregoing matters will also adversely affect the financial results of this segment of our business. Adverse developments affecting the capital markets and financial institutions could limit our ability to access capital, increase our cost of capital, and impact our liquidity and capital resources. During past economic and housing downturns, the credit markets constricted and reduced some sources of liquidity that were previously available to us. Consequently, we relied principally on our cash on hand to meet our working capital needs and repay outstanding indebtedness during those times. We believe that our existing cash resources, together with the homebuilding, rental, and Forestar revolving credit facilities, mortgage repurchase facilities, and ability to access the capital markets or obtain additional financing will provide sufficient liquidity to fund our near-term working capital needs and debt obligations. We manage our inventory of owned land and lots and homes under construction relative to demand in each of our markets, including starting construction on unsold homes to capture new home demand and actively controlling the number of unsold, completed homes in inventory. Our operating strategy focuses on consistently enhancing long-term value to our shareholders by leveraging our financial and competitive position to maximize the returns on our inventory investments and generate strong profitability and cash flows while managing risk and maintaining financial flexibility to navigate changing economic conditions. We are also focused on developing and retaining highly experienced and productive teams of personnel throughout our company that are aligned and focused on continuous improvement in our operational execution and financial performance. Our strategy includes modifying product offerings, sales pace, home prices, and incentives as necessary in each of our markets to meet consumer demand and maintain affordability. We have experienced multiple disruptions in our supply chain, which resulted in shortages of certain building materials and tightness in the labor market. This caused our construction cycle to lengthen and costs of building materials to increase. We began to see improvements in our construction cycle time in fiscal 2023 and expect our cycle times to return to normalized levels during fiscal 2024; however, if shortages and cost increases in building materials and tightness in the labor market increase, our construction cycle time and profit margins could be adversely impacted. We regularly assess our projected capital requirements to fund growth in our business, repay debt obligations, pay dividends, repurchase our common stock, and support other general corporate and operational needs, and we regularly evaluate our opportunities to raise additional capital.