Our business and operations, and our customers, suppliers, and business partners may be adversely affected by epidemics, pandemics, or other outbreaks. The occurrence of such events could materially and adversely impact our operations and the rental revenue we generate from our agreements with our customers or could result in defaults by our customers. We may not be able to adapt to changing technologies and customer requirements, and our data center infrastructure may become obsolete. Our ability to attract, grow, and retain a diverse and balanced customer base, including key magnet customers, could harm our business and operating results. We face significant competition, which may adversely affect the occupancy and rental rates of our data centers. Our business depends upon the demand for data centers, and a reduction in demand could have a greater adverse effect on our business and financial condition than if we owned a portfolio with a less specialized use. Our substantial development activities make us particularly susceptible to general economic slowdowns as well as adverse developments in the data center, internet, and data communications and broader technology industries. We may experience supply chain or procurement disruptions, or increased supply chain costs, which may lead to delays. We depend on significant customers, and many of our data centers are single-tenant properties or are currently occupied by single tenants. Failure to attract, grow, and retain a diverse and balanced customer base could harm our business and operating results. Our contracts with our customers could subject us to significant liability, and we may be unable to lease vacant or development space, renew leases, or re-lease space as leases expire. Our portfolio depends upon local economic conditions and is geographically concentrated in certain locations. Our business could be adversely impacted if there are deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting. We may have difficulty managing our growth, and our success depends on key personnel whose continued service is not guaranteed. We may incur significant costs related to environmental matters, including from government regulation, private litigation, and existing conditions at some of our properties. Our business could be adversely impacted by changes in local, state, federal, and international laws and regulations, including related to taxation, real estate, and zoning laws. We may not be able to effectively manage our international business, and our recent acquisitions may not achieve the intended benefits or may disrupt our plans and operations. Our ability to maintain or improve occupancy rates will impact our results of operations. We may not be able to effectively pass on increased costs to our customers, which could adversely impact our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our operations may also be affected if too many competing properties are built in any of these areas or supply otherwise increases or exceeds demand. We regularly experience cyberattacks and security incidents, and we expect such attacks and incidents to continue in the future. We face evolving risks that threaten the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information systems and data. Our inability to adapt to changing customer requirements may make our data centers obsolete or unmarketable to such customers. Our business and operations are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described, that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock and preferred stock.