The following are important factors which could affect our financial performance and could cause our actual results for future periods to differ materially from our anticipated results or other expectations, including those expressed in any forward-looking statements made in this form 10-K. Our results depend upon the continued vitality of the markets we serve. Economic downturns, and in particular downturns in our larger markets including the foodservice, hospitality, travel, health care, food processing, refining, pulp and paper, mining and steel industries, can adversely impact our customers, and we may find it difficult to restore margins by maintaining pricing due to easing inflation from slowing economic growth. Our significant non-U.S. operations expose us to global economic, political and legal risks that could impact our profitability. We may experience business disruption if we fail to execute organizational change and management transitions. Our continued success will depend on the efforts and abilities of our executive officers and certain other key employees, particularly those with sales and sales management responsibilities, to drive business growth, development and profitability. We are subject to information technology system failures, network disruptions and breaches in data security. We rely to a large extent upon information technology systems and infrastructure to operate our business. The size and complexity of our information technology systems and those of strategic vendors make them vulnerable to failure, malicious intrusion and random attack. We have continually matured our security program and capabilities and have had no material incidents to date, cyber threats continue to evolve and there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent cybersecurity attacks or breaches in our systems or in the systems of strategic vendors. Our results could be materially and adversely affected by difficulties in securing the supply of certain raw materials or by fluctuations in the cost of raw materials. Changes in raw material prices, unavailability of adequate and reasonably priced raw materials or substitutes for those raw materials, or the inability to obtain or renew supply agreements on favorable terms has materially and adversely affected our business and can in the future materially and adversely affect our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. The occurrence of litigation or claims, the loss or insolvency of a major customer or distributor, repeated or prolonged federal government shutdowns or similar events, war, natural or manmade disasters, water shortages or severe weather conditions affecting our operations or the energy, foodservice, hospitality and travel industries may have a material adverse effect on our business. We have developed, and will continue to establish, goals, targets, and other objectives related to sustainability matters, including our sustainability goals in alignment with the United Nations Global Compact's business ambition for 1.50C and our commitments to science-based targets addressing scope 1, 2 and 3 GHG emissions. Achieving these goals and commitments will require evolving our business, capital investment and the development of technology that might not currently exist. Our ability to achieve any stated commitment, goal, target, or objective is subject to factors and conditions, many of which are outside of our control, including the pace of changes in technology, the availability of requisite financing, and the availability of suppliers that can meet our sustainability and other standards. Our business may face increased scrutiny from the investment community, other stakeholders, regulators, and the media related to our sustainability activities, including our commitments, goals, targets, and objectives, and our methodologies and timelines for pursuing them. If our sustainability practices do not meet investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, our reputation, our ability to attract or retain employees, and our attractiveness as an investment, business partner, or as an acquiror could be negatively impacted.