Investing in our securities involves risks, including competitive pressures that could affect prices or demand for our products. Our businesses operate in markets that are highly competitive and potentially volatile, and we compete on the basis of product performance, quality, service, and price. A significant element of our competitive strategy is to deliver solutions to our customers by manufacturing high-quality products at the best relevant global cost. Our operating results depend in part on continued successful research, development, and marketing of new and improved products and services, and there can be no assurance that we will continue to successfully introduce new products and services. We must anticipate and respond to market and technological changes driven by broader trends such as decarbonization and electrification efforts in response to climate change. Our operations depend on production facilities throughout the world, a majority of which are located outside the United States and are subject to increased risks of disrupted production, causing delays in shipments and loss of customers and revenue. We manage businesses with manufacturing facilities worldwide, and our and our suppliers' non-U.S. production facilities and operations could be disrupted by weather and natural disasters, labor strife, war, political unrest, or public health concerns. Access to funding through the capital markets is essential to the execution of our business plan, and if we are unable to maintain such access, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Our success depends in part on the ability to attract, develop, and retain key personnel, and the failure to do so could adversely affect our ability to succeed in our human capital goals and priorities. Security and data privacy breaches or disruptions of our information technology systems could adversely affect our business. Cybersecurity threats and incidents can range from uncoordinated individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to more sophisticated and targeted measures directed at the company. The potential consequences of a material cybersecurity incident include financial loss, reputational damage, litigation, and increased cybersecurity protection costs. The global outbreak of the coronavirus significantly increased economic, demand, and operational uncertainty, and any future pandemics could result in disruptions to our manufacturing operations and supply chain. Our substantial sales both in the U.S. and abroad subject us to economic risk as our results of operations may be adversely affected by changes in government regulations and policies and currency fluctuations. Recessions, adverse market conditions, or downturns in end markets we serve may negatively affect our operations. We are subject to litigation and environmental regulations that could adversely impact our operating results. Increased public awareness and concern regarding global climate change may result in more international, federal, and state requirements or expectations that could impose significant operational restrictions. Our ability to achieve sustainability goals is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including the availability of new technologies and the ability of suppliers to meet our goals. The company's financial position is strong, with total assets of $43 billion and stockholders' equity of $21 billion, and we continue to generate substantial operating cash flow. We maintain a conservative financial structure to provide the strength and flexibility necessary to achieve our strategic objectives and efficiently deploy cash where needed worldwide.