The adverse economic conditions we are currently experiencing may cause a decrease in sales as some customers may need to take cost-cutting measures or scale back their operations. This could result in churn in our customer base, reductions in revenues from our offerings, and adverse effects on our days of sales outstanding in accounts receivable, longer sales cycles, slower adoption of new technologies, and increased price competition, which could adversely affect our liquidity. Our efforts to mitigate the risks associated with these adverse conditions may not be successful, and our business and growth could be adversely affected. We rely on third parties, third-party infrastructure, governments, and global suppliers to provide a sufficient amount of power to maintain our IBX data centers and meet the needs of our current and future customers. Any limitation on the delivered energy supply could limit our ability to operate our IBX data centers. We attempt to limit our exposure to system downtime by using backup generators, which are supported by onsite fuel storage and through contracts with fuel suppliers, but these measures may not always prevent downtime or solve for long-term or large-scale outages. We are currently experiencing inflation and volatility pressures in the energy market globally. Various macroeconomic factors are contributing to the instability and global power shortage, including the Russia and Ukraine war, severe weather events, governmental regulations, and inflation. While we have aimed to minimize our risk via hedging, conservation, and other efficiencies, we expect the cost for power to continue to be volatile and unpredictable and subject to inflationary pressures. The ongoing military conflicts could negatively affect our business and financial condition. We do not have operations in Russia or Ukraine and have historically had a limited number of Russian and Ukrainian customers, which we continue to screen against applicable sanctions lists per our standard processes. We continue to address necessary changes in global sanctions laws and modify our processes as necessary in light of these evolving laws. A material failure to comply with global sanctions laws could have a negative effect on our reputation, business, and financial condition. Our business depends on providing customers with highly reliable solutions. We must safeguard our customers' infrastructure and equipment located in our IBX data centers and ensure our IBX data centers and non-IBX business operations remain operational at all times. We have made significant investments in our back-office information technology systems and processes. Difficulties from or disruptions to these efforts may interrupt our normal operations and adversely affect our business and results of operations. The collective impact of these changes to our business has placed significant demands on impacted employees across multiple functions, increasing the risk of errors and control deficiencies in our financial statements, distraction from the effective operation of our business, and difficulty in attracting and retaining employees. Our business was designated "critical infrastructure" or "essential services," which allowed our data centers to remain open in many jurisdictions during the COVID-19 pandemic. Any regulations restricting our ability to operate our business for any reason could have a material adverse effect on our business. We strive to comply with all laws and regulations that apply to our business. However, as these laws evolve, they can be subject to varying interpretations and regulatory discretion. To the extent a regulator or court disagrees with our interpretation of these laws and determines that our practices are not in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, we could be subject to civil and criminal penalties that could adversely affect our business operations.