Our operating results depend upon many factors and are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Interruptions in the proper functioning of information systems or the inability to maintain or upgrade our information systems could disrupt operations, cause unanticipated increases in costs and/or decreases in revenues, and result in less efficient operations. The proper functioning of our information systems is critical to many aspects of our business, and we could be adversely affected if we experience a disruption or data loss relating to our information systems and are unable to recover in a timely manner. Our ability to process orders, maintain proper levels of inventories, collect accounts receivable, pay expenses, and maintain the security of company and customer data is dependent on the effective and timely operation and support of our information technology systems. Cybersecurity incidents could cause us to experience operational interruptions, incur substantial additional costs, or suffer damage to our reputation in the marketplace. We develop and update processes and maintain systems to try to prevent unauthorized access, and have established disclosure controls and procedures that would permit us to make accurate and timely disclosures of any material event, including any cybersecurity event. The development and maintenance of these processes and systems are costly and require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change. Our ability to attract, develop, and retain qualified personnel could impact labor costs, sales at existing locations, and the successful execution of our growth drivers. Our success depends in part on our ability to attract, motivate, and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees who understand and appreciate our culture. An inability to recruit and retain a sufficient number of qualified individuals may delay the planned expansion of our various selling channels. Changes in customer or product mix, downward pressure on sales prices, and changes in volume or timing of orders have caused and could continue to cause our gross profit percentage to fluctuate or decline in the future. Our operating and administrative expenses could grow more rapidly than net sales, which could result in failure to achieve our goals related to leveraging revenue growth into higher net earnings. Failure to maintain an effective system of internal controls over business processes and/or financial reporting could materially impact our business and results. Any failure to maintain an effective system of internal controls could limit our ability to report our financial results accurately and timely or to detect and prevent fraud. Our competitive advantage could be eliminated if we fail to deploy our solutions effectively. Certain circumstances could lead to a short-term inability to promote and/or install our solutions. Our success depends on the efforts and abilities of our key executive officers and senior leadership. In the event of vacancies in our executive team, the extent to which there is disruption in the oversight of our business will depend on our ability to transition internal individuals or recruit suitable replacements. We believe that our growth-centric organization allows us to adapt to changing market conditions and customer needs, enhancing our ability to provide innovative solutions. The occurrence of a widespread public health crisis could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Mitigation efforts may limit our flexibility to pursue alternative means of limiting negative impacts. Inclement weather and other disruptions could adversely impact our distribution system and demand for our products. Our business is subject to a wide array of operating laws and regulations, and compliance with these laws increases the cost of doing business. Ongoing audit activity and changes to the legal and regulatory environments could increase the cost of doing business.