In addition to the other information set forth in this annual report, macroeconomic and market risks could materially affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and the price of our common stock. The transportation industry is highly cyclical and especially susceptible to trends in economic activity, making our primary business of transporting goods directly tied to the purchase and production of goods and the rate of growth of global trade. Our results in 2023 were adversely impacted by lower global volumes due to weak economic conditions, and we are experiencing a decline in demand for our transportation services as inflation and interest rate increases negatively affect consumer and business spending. The scale of our operations and our relatively high fixed-cost structure make it difficult to quickly adjust to match shifting volume levels, which negatively affected our results of operations in 2023. Additionally, geopolitical conflicts may adversely affect our business and results of operations, as evidenced by the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, which has led to the suspension of services in Ukraine and Belarus and idling operations in Russia. The broader consequences of this conflict may heighten other risks disclosed in this report, including disruptions to our global technology infrastructure and adverse changes in international trade policies. Our ability to maintain or increase our prices, including fuel surcharges in response to rising fuel costs, and to implement and execute our business strategy, particularly with regard to our FedEx Express international business, is critical. We are also subject to risks imposed by data breaches and operational disruptions, which could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our reputation, business, or results of operations. Our ability to attract and retain customers, efficiently operate our businesses, and compete effectively depends in part upon the sophistication, security, and reliability of our technology network. We have invested in technology security initiatives, information technology risk management, business continuity, and disaster recovery plans, which are essential to mitigate risks associated with operational disruptions. The failure to successfully execute our drive transformation program and our One FedEx consolidation plan may adversely affect our future results. These initiatives aim to improve long-term profitability and operational flexibility, but must address various challenges, including integrating and consolidating operations, maintaining employee relations, and managing unforeseen expenses or delays. Our organizational redesign will be implemented in phases, with full implementation expected in June 2024, which is anticipated to facilitate our drive transformation program. We must also manage our labor and purchased transportation needs while controlling related costs, as our business is labor-intensive and subject to numerous external factors. The ability to maintain positive relationships with our employees and avoid labor organization efforts is crucial for operational flexibility. The ongoing evaluation of our strategic initiatives and the ability to adapt to market dynamics and customer preferences will be vital for maintaining organizational resilience and achieving our major objectives.