We may not be successful in executing the business strategy for our software segment, which could cause our growth prospects and results of operations to suffer. Our growth and the success of our business strategy depend upon our ability to develop and sell new products and new versions of products. If we are unable to develop successful new products or new versions of products, or if we experience defects, failures or delays associated with the introduction of new products or of new versions of products, our business could suffer serious harm. Our ability to increase our revenues will depend to some extent upon introducing new products and services and upon introducing enhancements and improvements to existing products and services. If the marketplace does not accept these new, enhanced or improved products and services, our revenues may decline. We face considerable risks to our business, including potential bankruptcies or credit deterioration of financial institutions with which we have substantial relationships. Economic disruption could result in a decline in the sales of new products to our customers and the volume of transactions that we execute for existing customers. The potential for economic disruption presents considerable risks to our business, including potential bankruptcies or credit deterioration of financial institutions. Disruptions present considerable risks to our businesses and operations. As global economic conditions experience stress and negative volatility, we may need to modify our strategies, businesses or operations, and we may incur additional costs in order to compete in a changed business environment. Our future growth will depend, in part, on the sale of products and service solutions in industries and markets we do not currently serve. If we fail to penetrate these industries and markets to the degree we anticipate, or if we fail to develop additional sales and distribution channels, we may not be able to grow our business, growth may occur more slowly than we anticipate, or our revenues and profits may decline. Our reengineering efforts may not be successful over the long term should we fail to reduce expenses or increase revenues to anticipated levels or at all. If our reengineering efforts are not successful over the long term, our revenues, results of operations and business may suffer. Our acquisition activities may disrupt our ongoing business and may involve increased expenses, and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals contemplated at the time of a transaction. We operate in an environment of significant risk of cybersecurity incidents resulting from unintentional events or deliberate attacks by third parties or insiders, which may involve exploiting highly obscure security vulnerabilities or sophisticated attack methods. Cybersecurity breaches could expose us to a risk of loss, the unauthorized disclosure of consumer or customer information, significant litigation, regulatory fines, penalties, loss of customers or reputational damage. Our ability to provide reliable products and services to our customers depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our data centers, information technology and communication systems. Any disruption of or interference with our use of data centers, information technology or communication systems of our external service providers would adversely affect our operations and our business. Our business strategy and our future success will depend in large part on our ability to attract and retain experienced personnel. The labor market for these individuals is very competitive due to the limited number of people available with the necessary technical skills and understanding to support our complex products. The working arrangements for our employees differ from the arrangements before the pandemic. Should productivity decline or our employees' ability to collaborate fall as a result of our remote work policy, or if employees are unsatisfied with our hybrid work location policy and leave our company, our business could suffer. We cannot assure you that the marketplace will accept these products and services. If our current or potential customers are not willing to switch to or adopt our new products and services, our revenues will decrease.