In evaluating our business, we note that our operations could be affected by factors, events, or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations. Our success depends on developing and commercializing new products or expanding the indications for existing products, and we may face significant competition from global pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, specialized pharmaceutical firms, and generic drug manufacturers. The launch of commercially successful products is necessary to grow our business, cover our substantial research and development expenses, and offset revenue losses when existing products lose market share due to factors such as competition and loss of patent exclusivity. We expect to continue to experience fluctuations in the purchasing patterns of our non-retail customers, which may not reflect patient demand for our products. Our operations depend on compliance with complex FDA and comparable international regulations, and failure to obtain broad approvals on a timely basis or to maintain compliance could delay or halt commercialization of our products. We face risks associated with our global operations, including foreign currency exchange and political instability, which could adversely affect our ability to manufacture and supply our antiviral products to meet market needs. Our business has been, and may be, adversely affected by outbreaks of epidemic, pandemic, or contagious diseases, which may significantly disrupt our global operations and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We have business continuity plans and contingencies in place and conduct periodic assessments of our natural disaster risk as part of our overall enterprise risk management program. However, a major earthquake or other natural disaster can result in significant recovery time and a prolonged interruption to our operational and business activities. We face risks in our clinical trials, including the potential for unfavorable results, delays in anticipated timelines, and disruption. Our reliance on third-party manufacturers and corporate partners exposes us to operational risks, including potential disruptions in the supply chain. We are also subject to risks associated with engaging in business acquisitions, licensing arrangements, collaborations, and other strategic transactions, which may not be successful or may require significantly greater resources and investments than anticipated. Our ability to achieve our goals and objectives is subject to numerous risks, many of which are outside of our control, including the availability and cost of low- or non-carbon-based energy sources and technologies, evolving regulatory requirements, and the impact of our organic growth and acquisitions. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the commercial performance of our current and future products, the progress and scope of our research and development efforts, and the possibility of acquiring additional manufacturing capabilities or office facilities. We may in the future require additional funding, which could be in the form of proceeds from equity or debt financings. If such funding is required, we cannot guarantee that it will be available to us on favorable terms, if at all.