We believe that the automotive industry will continue to experience significant change in the coming years, particularly as traditional automotive original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) continue to shift resources to the development of electric vehicles (EVs). Our ability to attract and retain talented, diverse, and highly skilled employees is critical to our success and competitiveness. Failure to attract, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly qualified and diverse employees could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our strategic plans. Our long-term strategy is dependent upon our ability to profitably deliver a strategic portfolio of EVs. The production and profitable sale of EVs has become increasingly important to our long-term business as we continue our transition to an all-electric future. Our EV strategy is dependent on our ability to deliver a strategic portfolio of high-quality EVs that are competitive and meet consumer demands; scale our EV manufacturing capabilities; reduce the costs associated with the manufacture of EVs; and efficiently source sufficient materials for the manufacture of battery cells. Our ability to maintain profitability is dependent upon our ability to timely fund and introduce new and improved vehicle models, including EVs, that are able to attract a sufficient number of consumers. We operate in a highly competitive industry that has historically had excess manufacturing capacity, and attempts by our competitors to sell more vehicles could have a significant negative effect on our vehicle pricing, market share, and operating results. Our high proportion of fixed costs may further exacerbate the risks associated with incorrectly assessing demand for our vehicles. We face risks related to climate change, including increased regulation of greenhouse gas emissions, changing consumer preferences, and other risks related to our transition to EVs and the potential increased impacts of severe weather events on our operations and infrastructure. Increasing attention to climate change may result in increased costs, reduced demand for our products, reduced profits, and risks to our reputation. Our practices may be judged against sustainability standards that are continually evolving. The ongoing supply chain disruptions, global macroeconomic conditions, and geopolitical tensions continue to place pressure on our operations and vehicle sales. We are subject to risks associated with climate change, including increased regulation of greenhouse gas emissions, changing consumer preferences, and the potential increased impacts of severe weather events on our operations and infrastructure. We have made, and plan to continue to make, significant investments in EV manufacturing capacity based on our expectations for EV demand, which is subject to various risks and uncertainties. Our ability to successfully deliver on our EV strategy could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and growth prospects. The success of our long-term strategy is dependent on consumer adoption of EVs, which could be impacted by numerous factors, including perceptions about EV features, quality, safety, performance, and cost relative to internal combustion engine vehicles. Our ability to successfully mitigate unique technological, operational, and regulatory risks is crucial, including the various regulatory approvals and permits required for operating autonomous vehicles in multiple markets. Our automotive operations are dependent upon the continued ability of our suppliers to deliver the systems, components, raw materials, and parts that we need to manufacture our products. Any disruption of our production schedule caused by an unexpected shortage of systems, components, raw materials, or parts could adversely affect our profitability and financial condition.