The global economy continues to experience volatile disruptions including to the commodity, labor and transportation markets, arising from a combination of geopolitical events and various economic and financial factors. These disruptions have affected the company's operations and may continue to affect the company's business, financial condition and results of operations. The company continues to monitor economic conditions in the U.S. and globally, and the impact of macroeconomic pressures, including repercussions from changes in interest rates, currency exchange fluctuations, inflation and a potential recession on the company's business, customers, suppliers and other third parties. As a result of continued inflation, the company has implemented strategies designed to mitigate certain adverse effects of higher costs while also remaining market price competitive. Historically, the company's broad and diverse customer base and the nondiscretionary nature of the company's products to its customers has helped to insulate it from the effects of recessionary periods in the industrial MRO market. The full extent and impact of these conditions are uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. Grainger's ability to provide same-day shipping and next-day delivery is an integral component of Grainger's business strategy and any such disruption could adversely impact results of operations and financial performance. Grainger continuously considers the adoption of new operating initiatives, including new marketing programs, productivity improvements, inventory management and loss prevention initiatives, and other similar strategies. If Grainger is unable to sustain or grow sales, reduce costs, and prevent loss and fraud, among other actions, Grainger's results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. The functioning of Grainger's information systems is critical to the operation of its business. Grainger continues to invest in software, hardware and network infrastructures to effectively manage its information systems. However, Grainger may not be able to maintain or update its information systems to capture and use data in ways that result in operational efficiency. Furthermore, Grainger's information systems are still vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural or human-induced disasters, extreme weather, power losses, telecommunication failures, user error, third-party actions such as malicious computer programs, denial-of-service attacks and cybersecurity breaches. The transition in recent years to remote and "hybrid" working arrangements may increase Grainger's vulnerability to cybersecurity incidents, including breaches of information systems security, which could damage Grainger's reputation and commercial relationships, disrupt operations, increase costs and/or decrease revenues. Grainger's operations routinely involve receiving, storing, processing and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to its business, customers, suppliers and team members. Cyber threats are rapidly evolving and the means for obtaining access to information in digital and other storage media are becoming increasingly sophisticated. Grainger's continued success is substantially dependent on positive perceptions of Grainger's reputation. Grainger devotes time and resources to environmental, social and governance (ESG) efforts that are consistent with its corporate values and are designed to strengthen its business and protect and preserve its reputation, including programs driving environmental sustainability, ethics and corporate responsibility, strong communities, diversity, equity and inclusion, and gender equality. These efforts and programs could be difficult to achieve and costly to implement, and Grainger's actual or perceived failure to execute its ESG programs as planned could adversely affect Grainger's reputation, business and financial performance. Grainger's ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from a challenging situation is critical for its organizational resilience.