Our business is subject to various risks and uncertainties that could materially, adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. We are committed to providing high quality, convenient, and cost-effective health care while growing our business and creating long-term value for our stockholders. We strive to achieve industry-leading performance in clinical, operational, and satisfaction measures, which are central goals of our business. To achieve these goals, we have implemented a number of initiatives including infection reduction initiatives, advanced health information technology, and evidence-based medicine programs. We routinely analyze operational practices from our best-performing hospitals to identify ways to implement organization-wide performance improvements and reduce clinical variation. Our strategy emphasizes investments that seek to advance our clinical systems and digital capabilities, transform care models with innovative care solutions, and enhance our health care networks and partnerships. We continue to invest in initiatives such as care navigators and clinical data exchange, which will enable us to improve coordination of care and patient retention across our markets. We believe our centrally managed business processes and ability to leverage cost-saving practices across our extensive network will enable us to continue to manage costs effectively. We are aware that adverse changes in the percentage of our patients having adequate health care coverage, increases in patient responsibility amounts under certain health care coverages, and general economic conditions could affect the collection of accounts receivable, cash flows, and results of operations. Our ongoing ability to demonstrate meaningful use of certified electronic health record technology and the impact of interoperability requirements are critical to our resilience initiatives. We have seen inflation have a negative impact on certain expenses and expect inflationary pressures to continue to impact operating expenses. We believe the estimated professional liability reserve ranges represent the reasonably likely outcomes for ultimate losses, and we consider the number and severity of claims to be the most significant assumptions in estimating reserves for professional liabilities. Our facilities are insured for losses up to $80 million per occurrence, subject to a self-insured retention. We are exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates, and our financing activities are influenced by prevailing trading prices, general economic and market conditions, and other factors. We believe that cash flows from operations, amounts available under our senior secured credit facilities, and our anticipated access to public and private debt markets will be sufficient to meet expected liquidity needs for the foreseeable future. Our strategy is organized around a framework that seeks to drive sustained growth by delivering operational excellence and developing comprehensive services. We depend on the quality and dedication of the health care providers and other team members who serve at our facilities, and we believe a critical component of our growth strategy is our ability to successfully recruit and strategically collaborate with physicians and other health care professionals to provide high-quality care. We continue to pursue a disciplined development strategy, focusing on selectively developing and acquiring new hospitals, outpatient facilities, and other health care service providers.