Our business is subject to a number of business, financial, and operating risks inherent to the hospitality industry, including significant competition, changes in supply and demand for hotel services, and macroeconomic conditions that can adversely affect and reduce demand for our products and services. The covid-19 pandemic significantly affected the global economy and strained the hospitality industry due to travel restrictions and advisories, which resulted in cancellations and reduced travel around the world. The uncertain future impact of covid-19 or other contagious diseases may negatively affect our results, operations, outlook, plans, growth, cash flows, and liquidity. The steps we took in response to the pandemic to reduce operating costs included temporarily reducing compensation and furloughing a substantial number of our employees, which negatively affected our ability to attract and retain employees. Labor shortages affected the ability of our hotels to hire or re-hire employees during the ongoing recovery from the downturn caused by the pandemic, which could restrict our ability to operate our properties or grow our business. The impact of climate change could adversely affect our business, including sea level rise and intensified storms that could lower demand for travel to certain locales and affect the performance of certain hotels. We are subject to various legal proceedings and claims, the outcomes of which are subject to significant uncertainty. Our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to service our debt and meet our other commitments depends on our future operating performance, which is subject to general conditions in or affecting the hospitality industry that may be beyond our control. Our strategic objectives include the continued expansion of our global hotel network, and we evaluate the economic viability of new hotels based on geographic location and the credit quality of third-party owners. The current economic environment, including elevated levels of inflation and interest rates, has posed challenges to the execution of our growth strategy, which may include delays in openings and new development. We depend on our long-term management and franchise contracts with third-party hotel owners and franchisees for our management and franchise fee revenues, and the success and sustainability of our management and franchise business depend on our ability to perform under these contracts and maintain good relationships with third-party hotel owners and franchisees. The effectiveness of any cost-cutting efforts related to owning and leasing hotels is limited by the amount of inherent fixed costs, and we have taken steps to manage our fixed costs to levels we believe are appropriate to maximize profitability and respond to market conditions. Our business operations are subject to risks related to doing business with third-party property owners, and unless we maintain good relationships with these owners, we may be unable to maintain or expand our presence. We are also exposed to risks and uncertainties associated with our websites and mobile applications, including changes in required technology interfaces and unexpected costs as we upgrade our systems. The introduction of artificial intelligence technologies into our processes may present business, compliance, and reputational risks, and the use of these technologies can lead to unintended consequences that could harm our reputation and business. We rely on third parties for a significant portion of our information technology functions worldwide, and any third-party security incident could compromise the integrity or availability of our systems. Our ability to adapt to changes in the business environment and respond to unexpected situations is critical for maintaining operational continuity and achieving organizational resilience.