Risks related to our business downturn in economic environment and client spending budgets could impact the company's business. If overall demand for IBM's products and solutions decreases, whether due to general economic conditions or a shift in client buying patterns, the company's revenue and profit could be impacted. Failure of innovation initiatives could impact the long-term success of the company. If IBM is unable to continue its cutting-edge innovation in a highly competitive and rapidly evolving environment or is unable to commercialize such innovations, expand and scale them with sufficient speed and versatility, the company could fail in its ongoing efforts to maintain and increase its market share and profit margins. Damage to IBM's reputation could impact the company's business. The company's ability to protect its intellectual property could also be impacted by a lack of effective legal protections as well as changes to existing laws, legal principles, and regulations governing intellectual property. The company's financial results for particular periods are difficult to predict. Changes in the laws or policies of the countries in which the company operates could affect the company's business and overall results of operations. The company seeks to drive greater agility, productivity, flexibility, and cost savings by continuously transforming with the use of automation, AI, agile processes, and changes to the ways of working. These various initiatives may not yield their intended gains in speed, quality, productivity, and enablement of rapid scaling, which may impact the company's competitiveness and its ability to meet its growth and productivity objectives. The company's internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, failure or interruption of information technology systems, or fraud. The company's business could be impacted by its relationships with critical suppliers. Changes in the business condition of these suppliers could subject the company to losses and affect its ability to bring products to market. The company has rigorous quality control standards and processes intended to prevent, detect, and correct errors, malfunctions, and other defects in its products and services. If errors, malfunctions, defects, or disruptions in service are experienced by customers or in the company's operations, there could be negative consequences that could impact customers' business operations and harm the company's operating results. The company's results of operations could be affected by economic and political changes in those countries and by macroeconomic changes, including recessions, inflation, currency fluctuations, and adverse changes in trade relationships. Cybersecurity attacks or other catastrophic events resulting in disruptions to or failures in critical infrastructure could result in interruptions or delays to company, customer, or other third-party operations or services, financial loss, and damage to brand and reputation. The company continuously takes significant steps to mitigate cybersecurity risk across a range of functions, but such measures can never eliminate the risk entirely or provide absolute security. The enactment and expansion of cybersecurity, AI, data protection, and privacy laws, regulations, and standards around the globe will continue to result in increased compliance costs, including due to an increased focus on international data transfer mechanisms and data location. The company is subject to potential climate-related risks and costs such as those resulting from increased severe weather events, prolonged changes in temperature, and new regulations affecting hardware products and data centers. The company could incur substantial costs, including cleanup costs, fines, and civil or criminal sanctions, if it were to violate or become liable under environmental laws and regulations.