We believe the presentation of these measures is useful to investors for making period-to-period comparisons of results because the adjustments to GAAP are not reflective of our core business performance. Our business environment has been characterized by globalization of marketplaces, customers and competitors; growing customer demand for workflow efficiency and automation; commodity, interest rate, inflation rate and financial markets volatility and uncertainty; growing demand for data to inform customers' risk management and investment decisions; evolving, increasing and disparate regulation across multiple jurisdictions; price volatility increasing customers' demand for risk management services; increasing focus on capital and cost efficiencies; customers' preference to manage risk in markets demonstrating the greatest depth of liquidity and product diversity; the evolution of existing products and new product innovation to serve emerging customer needs and changing industry agreements; rising demand for speed, data, data capacity and connectivity by market participants, necessitating increased investment in technology; and consolidation and increasing competition among global markets for trading, clearing and listings. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow each of our revenue streams, and prudently manage expenses, in order to mitigate these uncertainties and to build on our growth opportunities by leveraging our proprietary data, clearing, markets and technology solutions. Our results of operations are affected by global economic conditions, including macroeconomic conditions and geopolitical events or conflicts. Since 2022, macroeconomic conditions, including rising interest rates, inflation and significant market volatility, along with geopolitical concerns, have created ongoing uncertainty and volatility in the global economy and resulted in a dynamic operating environment. Our business has been impacted positively and negatively by these global economic conditions. We have closely monitored the credit worthiness of our counterparties and investment agents during the recent banking sector events, scrutinized counterparties directly impacted and monitored for any potential contagion. We did not suffer any material negative impact from the banking sector events that occurred in early 2023. In light of the current and expected macroeconomic environment, we will continue to closely monitor credit worthiness of our counterparties, clearing members and our financial service providers and take risk management measures in line with established risk management frameworks. We expect the macroeconomic environment to remain dynamic in the near-term, and we continue to monitor macroeconomic conditions, including interest rates, the inflationary environment, geopolitical events and military conflicts, and the impact that any of the foregoing may have on our business. The majority of our operating expenses do not vary directly with changes in our volume and revenues, except for certain technology and communication expenses, including data acquisition costs, licensing and other fee-related arrangements and a portion of our compensation expense that is tied directly to our data sales or overall financial performance. We expect our operating expenses to increase in absolute terms in future periods in connection with the growth of our business, and to vary from year-to-year based on the type and level of our acquisitions, integration of acquisitions, and other investments. Our mortgage technology business is intended to enable greater workflow efficiency and mitigate risks for customers throughout the mortgage life cycle. We believe the black knight ecosystem adds value for clients of all sizes across the mortgage and real estate lifecycles by helping organizations lower costs, increase efficiencies, grow their businesses, and reduce risk. Our mortgage technology revenues are derived from our comprehensive, end-to-end U.S. residential mortgage platform. Our mortgage technology revenues decreased primarily due to lower mortgage origination volumes driven by rising interest rates. The primary driver of the increase in operating expenses is related to the impact of the black knight acquisition and the corresponding black knight related operating expenses. The resulting operating loss and negative margin is primarily related to the acquisition-related transaction and integration costs incurred during the year.