Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, many of which could cause our future results to be materially different than we presently anticipate. We face intense competitive pressures that may harm our operating results, and we must adapt to technological change and successfully extend our platform. This includes introducing new and enhanced products, features, services, and business models. We operate in industries characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, and frequent new product introductions, which necessitate that we continue to innovate and develop our skills, tools, and capabilities to capitalize on existing and emerging technologies. Our ability to maintain operational flexibility and effectively utilize customer data is critical to providing value and ensuring our future growth. We have invested significant resources in our information technology infrastructure and privacy and security capabilities, which are essential for managing the risks associated with the hosting, collection, use, and retention of personal customer information and data. The ongoing operation and availability of our platforms and systems, as well as those of our external service providers, are increasingly important as we help customers manage their financial lives. We have encountered difficulties in launching new products and services in the past, and if we misjudge customer needs in the future, our new products and services may not succeed, harming our revenues and earnings. Additionally, we face risks associated with the integration of acquired technologies and the management of third-party relationships, which are crucial for delivering our offerings and operating our business. Our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. We are also subject to various legal and regulatory risks that could impact our operations and financial results. The adverse effects of any unexpected events, including natural disasters or cybersecurity incidents, could significantly impair our ability to perform critical functions and may require us to expend significant time and resources to recover. Our hybrid workplace model has introduced new execution risks, and we may experience longer-term disruptions to our operations as we evolve this model. We are committed to investing in resilience strategies and mechanisms to ensure our organizational health and adaptability in the face of external pressures and environmental disruptions. The increasing complexity of our business environment necessitates a proactive approach to risk management, ensuring that we are prepared for unexpected situations and can maintain performance under pressure. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our customers depend on the reliable performance of our products and our underlying technical infrastructure, which must be resilient to withstand various challenges.