We have experienced, and could continue to experience, disruptions in our supply chain and our manufacturing and distribution operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Adverse weather conditions may affect the supply of agricultural commodities from which key ingredients for our products are derived. We may not be able to maintain favorable arrangements and relationships with suppliers, and our contingency plans may not be effective to mitigate disruptions that may arise from shortages or discontinuation of any raw materials and other supplies that we use in the manufacture and distribution of our products. A disruption at our manufacturing and distribution facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, as could a disruption at the facilities of our bottlers, contract manufacturers or distributors. Disruptions could occur for many reasons, including fire, natural disasters, weather, water scarcity, manufacturing problems, disease, widespread illness, strikes, labor shortages, transportation or supply interruption, contractual dispute, government regulation, cybersecurity attacks or terrorism. We depend on third-party bottling and distribution companies for a significant portion of our business. We have ongoing programs to invest and upgrade our manufacturing, distribution and other facilities, including expansive investments in manufacturing facilities in Spartanburg, South Carolina and Allentown, Pennsylvania. Our facilities and operations may require substantial investment and upgrading, including investments in new technologies and digital transformation, and such investments may not achieve the intended financial benefits. We may not effectively respond to changing consumer preferences and shopping behavior, which could impact our financial results. If we do not effectively anticipate and respond to changing trends and consumer beverage preferences, including through innovation and renovation, our sales and growth could suffer. Addressing changes in consumer preferences may require successful development, introduction, and marketing of new products and line extensions. We operate in intensely competitive categories, and our potential inability to compete effectively could adversely impact our business. The beverage industry is highly competitive and continues to evolve in response to changing consumer preferences. We may not be able to renew collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms, or we could experience union activity, including new unionization, labor disputes or work stoppages. Our ability to manage and improve the performance of acquired businesses or brands and our other investments and ventures will impact our financial performance. We pursue strategic initiatives that are transformative in nature and are expected to generate significant cost savings, or productivity, over time. If we are unable to successfully implement our productivity initiatives as planned or do not achieve expected savings as a result of these initiatives, we may not realize all or any of the anticipated benefits, resulting in adverse effects on our financial performance. Security, backup and disaster recovery measures may not be adequate or implemented properly to avoid disruptions or failures. Any disruption or failure of these systems or services could cause substantial errors, processing inefficiencies, security breaches, inability to use the systems or process transactions, loss of customers or other business disruptions, all of which could negatively affect our business and financial performance. We have been affected by a number of factors, led by inflationary pressures on input and other costs, which may continue. Our competitive position may be weakened if we do not succeed in differentiating our products from our competitors' products. We may experience delays in extending our respective internal control over financial reporting to new acquisitions or investments, which may increase the risk of misstatements in our financial records and in our consolidated financial statements. The labor market has experienced and may continue to experience labor shortages, inflation in labor costs and increased employee turnover, which has impacted and may continue to impact our ability to attract and retain a highly skilled and diverse workforce.