Our businesses are dependent on the supply of and demand for the products we handle. Economic disruptions, such as those which occurred during the COVID-19 pandemic, or conditions in the business environment generally, such as declining or sustained low commodity prices, supply disruptions, or higher development or production costs, could result in a slowing of supply to our pipelines, terminals, and other assets. Furthermore, sustained lower demand for hydrocarbons, or changes in the regulatory environment or applicable governmental policies, may have a negative impact on the supply of crude oil and other products. Each of the foregoing supply and demand issues could negatively impact our business directly, as well as our shippers and other customers, which in turn could negatively impact our prospects for new contracts for transportation, terminaling, or other midstream services, or renewals of existing contracts or the ability of our customers and shippers to honor their contractual commitments. We cannot predict the impact of future economic conditions, fuel conservation measures, alternative fuel requirements, governmental regulation and/or tax incentives or technological advances in fuel economy and energy generation devices, all of which could reduce the production of and/or demand for the products we handle. We face competition from other pipelines and terminals, as well as other forms of transportation and storage. Competition is a factor affecting our existing businesses and our ability to secure new project opportunities. The volatility of crude oil, NGL, and natural gas prices could adversely affect our business. The revenues, cash flows, profitability, and future growth of some of our businesses depend to a large degree on prevailing crude oil, NGL, and natural gas prices. These factors include economic conditions, the activities of OPEC and other countries that are significant producers of crude oil, governmental regulation, armed conflict or political instability in crude oil and natural gas producing countries, and the availability and prices of alternative fuel sources. We use hedging arrangements to partially mitigate our exposure to commodity prices, but these arrangements also are subject to inherent risks. The occurrence of any of these risks could result in serious injury and loss of human life, significant damage to property and natural resources, environmental pollution, significant reputational damage, impairment or suspension of operations, fines or other regulatory penalties, costs associated with allegations of criminal liability, and revocation of regulatory approvals or imposition of new requirements, any of which could result in substantial financial losses, including lost revenue and cash flow to the extent that an incident causes an interruption of service. Our operating results may be adversely affected by unfavorable economic and market conditions. Unfavorable conditions such as a general slowdown of the global or U.S. economy, uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets, or inflation and rising interest rates, could materially adversely affect our operating results. Financial distress experienced by our customers or other counterparties could have an adverse impact on us in the event they are unable to pay us for the products or services we provide or otherwise fulfill their obligations to us. We are exposed to the risk of loss in the event of nonperformance by our customers or other counterparties. Our success depends in part on the performance of and our ability to attract, retain, and effectively manage the succession of a skilled executive team. If we are unable to retain current employees, successfully complete the knowledge transfer, and recruit new employees of comparable knowledge and experience, our business could be negatively impacted. We believe that reputational risk cannot be managed in isolation from other forms of risk and that credit, market, operational, insurance, regulatory, and legal risks, among others, must all be managed effectively to safeguard our reputation. The occurrence of an attack could cause a substantial decrease in revenues and cash flows, increased costs to respond or other financial loss, significant reporting requirements, damage to our reputation, increased regulation or litigation, or inaccurate information reported from our operations. The potential for an attack may subject our operations to increased risks and costs, and, depending on their ultimate magnitude, have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and/or business reputation.