An investment in our common stock or debt securities involves risks and uncertainties. While we seek to identify, manage, and mitigate risks to our business, risk and uncertainty cannot be eliminated or necessarily predicted. The outcome of one or more of these risks could have a material effect on our operating results, financial position, or cash flows. We operate in a complex and evolving global security environment, and our strategy consists of the design and development of platforms and systems that meet the current needs of our customers and the future requirements of 21st-century security. Our vision for 21st-century security is to accelerate the adoption of advanced networking and leading-edge technologies into our national defense enterprise, while enhancing the performance and value of our platforms and products for our customers. We are engaged in significant classified development programs and expect to begin the transition from development to production over the next few years. Our ability to grow in key areas will be affected by the overall budget environment and whether development programs transition to production and the timing of such transition, all of which are dependent on U.S. government authorization and funding. We face heightened levels of inflation and potential worsening macroeconomic conditions, which present risks for us, our suppliers, and the stability of the broader defense industrial base. If we are unable to successfully mitigate the impact of inflation, our profits, margins, and cash flows may be adversely affected. We are subject to extensive procurement laws and regulations, including those that enable the U.S. government to terminate contracts for convenience, which could adversely affect our business and financial performance. Our business is heavily dependent on suppliers, and if our subcontractors or other suppliers fail to perform their obligations, our performance and ability to win future business could be adversely affected. We must comply with extensive laws and regulations relating to the award, administration, and performance of U.S. government contracts, which impose certain risks and costs on our business. Our ability to adapt to changing customer needs rapidly and identify emerging technological trends is critical to our future performance. We continuously strive to strengthen our portfolio of products and services to meet the current and future needs of our customers, which includes managing supply risk through long-term contracts and maintaining an acceptable level of key materials in inventories. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to develop new technologies, products, and services and efficiently produce and deliver existing products. We are also focused on four elements for potential growth in the near to mid-term: current programs of record, classified programs, hypersonics, and new awards. Our multi-year business transformation initiative seeks to enhance our digital infrastructure to increase efficiencies and collaboration throughout our business while reducing costs. Our workforce dynamics are constantly evolving, and if we do not manage changing workforce dynamics effectively, it could adversely affect our culture, reputation, and operational flexibility. Cyber-attacks and other security threats could have a material adverse effect on our business, and we face a multitude of security threats, including cybersecurity threats and risks associated with the use of emerging technologies. The improper conduct of our employees or others working on our behalf could adversely affect our business and reputation. Our business and financial performance depend on us identifying, attracting, and retaining a highly skilled workforce, and we compete with commercial technology companies for qualified technical positions.