The semiconductor capital equipment industry is subject to variability and periods of rapid growth or decline; we therefore face risks related to our strategic resource allocation decisions. The changes in demand may require our management to adjust spending and other resources allocated to operating activities. During periods of rapid growth or decline in demand for our products and services, we face significant challenges in maintaining adequate financial and business controls, management processes, information systems, and procedures for training, assimilating, and managing our workforce. We continuously reassess our strategic resource allocation choices in response to the changing business environment. If we do not adequately adapt to the changing business environment, we may lack the infrastructure and resources to scale up our business to meet customer expectations and compete successfully during a period of growth. Our success will depend, to a significant extent, on the ability of our executive officers and other members of our senior management to identify and respond to these challenges effectively. The economic, regulatory, political, and business conditions occurring nationally, globally, or in any of our key sales regions, which are often unpredictable, have historically impacted customer demand for our products and normal commercial relationships with our customers, suppliers, and creditors. We manage our expense levels based in part on our expectations of future revenues. Because our operating expenses are based in part on anticipated future revenues, a change in the timing of recognition of revenue and/or the level of gross profit from a small number of transactions can unfavorably affect operating results in a particular quarter or year. Our revenues and operating results may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter or year to year due to a number of factors, not all of which are in our control. Our business depends on the capital equipment expenditures of semiconductor manufacturers, which in turn depend on the current and anticipated market demand for integrated circuits. We face significant competition from multiple competitors, and with increased consolidation efforts in our industry, as well as the emergence and strengthening of new, regional competitors, we may face increasing competitive pressures. We believe that to remain competitive we must devote significant financial resources to offer products that meet our customers' needs, to maintain customer service and support centers worldwide, and to invest in product and process research and development. We must continue to invest in R&D and maintain extensive ongoing worldwide customer service and support capabilities to remain competitive, which may temporarily harm our profitability and other financial results. Our ability to attract, retain, and motivate key employees is critical to our success. Our ability to compete successfully depends in large part on our ability to attract, retain, and motivate key employees with the appropriate skills, experiences, and competencies. We may not achieve the expected benefits of our restructuring plans and business transformation initiatives, and these efforts could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, financial condition, results of operations, and competitive position. Disruptions to our supply chain and outsource providers could impact our ability to meet demand, increase our costs, and adversely impact our revenue and operating results. Our supply chain has played and will continue to play a key role in our product development, manufacturing operations, field installation, and support. We face risks related to the disruption of our primary manufacturing and R&D facilities while we maintain business continuity plans. Such disruptions may cause delays in developing or shipping our products, in engaging with customers on new product applications, or in supporting customers, which could result in the loss of business or customer trust, adversely affecting our business and operating results.