Information security incidents or account data compromise events could disrupt our business, damage our reputation, increase our costs and cause losses. Information security risks for payments and technology companies have significantly increased due to the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication of organized crime and hackers. These threats may derive from fraud or malice on the part of our employees or third parties or may result from human error, software bugs, server malfunctions, or other technological failures. Cyber-attacks could lead to the misappropriation or loss of consumer account information and identity theft. Our operations rely on the secure transmission, storage, and processing of confidential, proprietary, sensitive, and personal information in our computer systems and networks, as well as those of our third-party providers. We routinely encounter account data compromise events involving merchants and third-party payment processors that affect millions of account holders. Damage to our reputation resulting from an account data breach could decrease the use and acceptance of our products and services. Service disruptions that prevent us from processing transactions or servicing our customers could reduce our operational resilience and materially affect our overall business and results of operations. Our transaction switching systems have experienced interruptions due to technology malfunctions, supply-chain attacks, and other catastrophic events. We maintain an enterprise resiliency program to analyze risk, assess potential impacts, and develop effective response strategies. However, any interruption or degradation could adversely affect the perception of the reliability of our products. Our ability to compete may also be affected by regulatory and legislative initiatives, as well as the outcomes of litigation and competition-related regulatory proceedings. Increased regulatory focus on us has resulted in significant compliance and governance burdens or may increase our costs. The complexity of our payment technology requires careful management to address information security vulnerabilities that differ from those faced on our core payment network. Our ability to develop and adopt new services and technologies may be inhibited by industry-wide solutions and standards, and by resistance from customers or merchants to such changes. We are also subject to increasingly complex, fragmented, and divergent laws and regulations related to privacy and data protection, which may require us to modify our data processing practices and incur substantial compliance-related costs. Our investments in new networks, such as open banking solutions and digital identity capabilities, support and strengthen our payments and services solutions. The expansion of our products and services has created the need for us to obtain new types of regulatory licenses, resulting in increased supervision and additional compliance burdens. Our business agreements with customers may not ultimately reduce the risk that customers may terminate their relationships with us in favor of relationships with our competitors. Our success depends on the continued success and competitiveness of our issuing and acquiring customers and their ability to effectively manage our brands. We are exposed to credit and liquidity risk as a guarantor of certain third-party obligations. The risk of loss on these guarantees may be driven by regional or global economic and market conditions.