We are subject to various risks that make an investment in our securities risky, including economic and other global, national, and regional conditions and events that have in the past impacted, and could in the future impact, our business, financial results, and growth. Our ability to remain competitive and attract and retain business depends on our success in distinguishing and driving preference for our lodging products and services. The conditions and events discussed could also impact our ability to allocate resources to mitigate other risks, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business, liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. Our operational risks include premature termination of management or franchise agreements, which could hurt our financial performance. We seek to resolve disagreements with hotel owners and franchisees to maintain positive relations, but failure to do so may result in significant losses or constraints on our operations. Extreme weather, natural disasters, climate change, and sustainability-related concerns have impacted our business in the past and could materially adversely affect our operations and results. We may experience reduced demand and significant increased operating and compliance costs due to these events. Our business depends on the quality and reputation of our company and our brands, and any deterioration could adversely impact our market share and financial condition. Our loyalty program plays a significant role in our business, and unfavorable developments affecting the program could adversely affect our results of operations. We are exposed to risks associated with protecting the integrity and security of company, associate, and guest data, and any disruption in the functioning of our core operational systems could adversely affect our performance. We have implemented enhanced security measures to safeguard our systems and data, but these measures may not be sufficient to maintain the confidentiality and security of the data we collect. The integrity and protection of personal data is critical to our business, and compliance with changing data security and privacy laws could increase our operating costs and exposure to payment obligations and litigation. Our business could suffer if we cannot attract and retain associates or if we lose senior executives, as these factors are important for maintaining our competitive position and driving future growth. Labor disputes and disruptions can harm our relationships with associates and customers, divert management attention, and reduce demand for our services. We monitor the status of the capital markets and evaluate the effect that changes in conditions may have on our ability to fund our liquidity needs. Our ability to grow our management and franchise systems is subject to various risks associated with real estate investments, including site availability and financing constraints. We seek to minimize capital invested in our business through asset sales subject to long-term management or franchise agreements, and we may incur significant additional costs to meet evolving legal and regulatory requirements. The effects of, or our failure to comply with, applicable laws, regulations, and government policies may disrupt our business, lower our revenues, increase our costs, reduce our profits, limit our growth, or damage our reputation. Overall, our resilience strategies must account for these multifaceted challenges to ensure operational continuity and adaptability in a turbulent business environment.