The company is in the process of implementing a comprehensive, multi-year technology and operating model transformation across multiple areas of the business in an effort to modernize processes and create efficiencies. This technology transformation will include the implementation of certain new systems. The company is performing this implementation in the ordinary course of business to increase efficiency and to modernize the tools and technology used in its key financial processes. The phased implementation of the systems continues, and the company has modified certain processes and procedures to enhance the quality of internal control over financial reporting. The company intends to unlock further growth as it focuses on becoming faster, more innovative, and more efficient for its customers and people. The company has incurred costs related to accelerating the organization, which are aimed at elevating performance. The restructuring costs incurred primarily consist of employee termination benefits, costs to terminate contracts, and professional services. The company has a significant real estate portfolio, primarily through ground leases and improved leases, and determines whether an arrangement is a lease at inception. Lease terms for most restaurants are generally for 20 years and provide for rent escalations and renewal options. The company has refined its assumption on renewal options to reflect the expected increase in renewal option exercises under its growth strategy. The company evaluates its business relationships to identify potential variable interest entities and assesses the likelihood of any adverse judgments or outcomes related to proceedings, lawsuits, and other claims. The company’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements. Management assessed the design and effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting and believes it is effective. The company is subject to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and files periodic reports, proxy statements, and other information with the SEC. The company’s organizational structure reflects how management reviews and evaluates operating performance across its global business segments. The company’s management, including the CEO and CFO, confirmed that there has been no change in the company's internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal year that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the company's internal control over financial reporting. The company’s approach to risk management includes assessing the technical merits and measurement of unrecognized tax benefits related to transfer pricing used in intercompany transactions. The company maintains effective internal control over financial reporting and has established policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that accurately reflect transactions and dispositions of assets. The company believes that its internal controls provide reasonable assurance regarding the prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of its assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. The company continues to monitor and modify the design and operating effectiveness of key control activities to align with updated business processes and capabilities of new financial systems.