Our business could be materially affected by risks that we have not yet identified or that we currently consider to be immaterial. Legal disputes are often costly, time-consuming, distracting to management, and disruptive to normal business operations. The uncertainty and expense associated with unresolved legal disputes might harm our business and reputation even if the matter ultimately is favorably resolved. The outcome of legal disputes is difficult to predict, and outcomes may occur that we believe are not justified by the evidence or existing law. Accordingly, legal disputes might have a materially adverse impact on our reputation, our business operations, and our financial position or results of operations. We experience costly legal disputes, government actions, and adverse publicity regarding our role in distributing controlled substances such as opioids. Cybersecurity incidents might significantly compromise our technology systems or might result in material data breaches. A cybersecurity incident might involve a material data breach or other material impact to the confidentiality, integrity, availability, and operations of our technology systems or data, which might result in harm to patients, consumers, or employees; litigation or regulatory action; disruption of our business operations; loss of customers or revenue; cash flow impacts; and increased expense. Any of these scenarios might have a materially adverse impact on our business, our reputation, and our financial position or results of operations. We rely on sophisticated information systems and networks to perform our business operations. If those information systems or networks suffer errors, interruptions, or become unavailable, we might experience injury to patients or consumers, litigation or regulatory action, disruption of our business operations, loss of customers or revenue, cash flow impacts, and increased expense. Any such problems might have a materially adverse impact on our business, our reputation, and our financial position or results of operations. Our ability to grow those businesses will depend on our hiring and retaining talented individuals with necessary knowledge and skills; acquiring, developing, and implementing new technologies and capabilities; forming and expanding business relationships; and successfully competing against providers of similar services. We might not achieve our desired return on our investments through our growth strategies. Our business strategy includes investing to build an integrated oncology service business and expand our biopharma services business. We might be adversely impacted by changes or disruptions in product supply and have difficulties in sourcing or selling products due to a variety of causes. We experience difficulties and delays in sourcing and selling products due to a variety of causes, from time to time, such as difficulties in complying with the legal requirements for export or import of pharmaceuticals or components; suppliers' failure to satisfy production demand; manufacturing or supply problems such as inadequate resources; and product rationalization. The impacts may include physical risks, social and human effects, compliance costs, and transition risks, which could impair the availability and cost of certain products, commodities, transportation, and energy. We bear losses incurred as a result of physical damage to or destruction of our facilities, loss or spoilage of inventory due to unusual ambient temperatures, and business interruption due to weather events. We might be adversely affected by events outside of our control, including widespread public health issues, natural disasters, political events, and other catastrophic events. These events can disrupt operations for us, our suppliers, our vendors, and our customers, as well as impair product manufacturing, supply, and transport availability and cost in unpredictable ways that depend on highly uncertain future developments. Any of these risks might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations.