You should carefully read the following discussion of significant factors, events and uncertainties when evaluating our business and the forward-looking information contained in this annual report on form 10-K. The events and consequences discussed in these risk factors could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, liquidity and financial condition. We believe we have identified and discussed below the key risk factors affecting our business, but these risk factors do not identify all the risks we face, and there may be additional risks and uncertainties that we do not presently know or that we do not currently believe to be significant that may have a material adverse effect on our business, performance or financial condition in the future. We are subject to risks from operating globally, including changing macroeconomic conditions in our markets, compliance with laws affecting operations outside of the United States, and increased sovereign risk. Increased political and economic changes or volatility, geopolitical regional conflicts, and public health risks could interrupt and negatively affect our business operations or customer demand. The ongoing developments in the Middle East could impact demand for our products or result in increased supply chain costs. We must correctly predict, identify, interpret and meet changes in consumer preferences and demand and offer new and improved products that meet those changes. Our success depends on our ability to manage complexity and adapt to changing conditions, including the need for operational flexibility and effective crisis management. We monitor our exposure to commodity prices and hedge against input price increases, but our hedging strategies have not always protected us from increases in specific raw material costs. Our operations in certain emerging markets expose us to political, economic and regulatory risks, and failure to successfully increase our business in these markets could adversely affect our product sales and financial condition. We continue to take steps to mitigate impacts to our supply chain, operations, technology and assets. Our ability to generate substantial cash from operating activities and readily access capital markets and secure financing at competitive rates are key strengths that provide significant flexibility to meet our short and long-term financial commitments. We believe that our current plans for each of our brands will allow them to not be impaired, but if plans to grow brand earnings and expand margin are not met, then a brand or brands could become impaired in the future. We utilize an interdependent supply chain that supports our ability to provide our products to our customers consistently. Factors that are hard to predict or beyond our control, like weather, natural disasters, supply and commodity shortages, and labor shortages could damage or disrupt our operations or those of our suppliers. We face risks related to complying with changes in and inconsistencies among laws and regulations in many countries in which we operate. Our operations are subject to risk related to operational safety, including risk of fire, explosion or accidental contamination. We must attract, hire, retain and develop effective leaders and a highly skilled and diverse global workforce. We could also fail to attract and develop personnel with key emerging capabilities that we need to continue to respond to changing consumer and customer needs and grow our business. These risks could materially and adversely affect our reputation, ability to efficiently operate our manufacturing facilities and overall business and meet the needs of our customers.