The global nature of our business operations exposes us to a wide range of political, legal, operational, economic, and other risks, including nationalization or expropriation of assets, imposition of limits on foreign ownership of local companies, and changes in laws or their application. Our ability to react to rapidly changing economic conditions and dynamic, competitive markets may be impaired if our product designs do not allow frequent and contemporaneous revisions of key pricing elements. We continuously monitor and adjust our liquidity and capital plans in light of market conditions, as well as changing needs and opportunities. Our risk management policies and procedures may not be sufficiently comprehensive and may not identify or adequately protect us from every risk to which we are exposed, including operational and cybersecurity risks. The assumptions, projections, and data on which our risk management models are based may be inaccurate, and our models may not fully predict future exposures or correctly reflect past experience. We may face significant losses due to adverse events, including pandemics and other public health issues, which can impact our claims experience and operational continuity. Our business relies on the proper functioning of our information systems and those of our service providers, and a failure in the security of such systems may adversely affect our ability to conduct business. We have implemented what we believe to be reasonable and appropriate cybersecurity and data protection measures, but these efforts may be insufficient to prevent material breaches or unauthorized access. Our efforts to manage our total exposure to a single counterparty or limited number of counterparties may not completely or adequately mitigate counterparty risks. We may not be able to successfully obtain additional financing we need on favorable terms or at all, which could harm our ability to pay claims and other operating expenses. Our access to funds may be impaired if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take negative actions against us. We may face increasing litigation and regulatory investigations that could harm our reputation and ability to attract or retain customers. Our practices and performance are subject to increasing scrutiny regarding various aspects of environmental, social, and governance standards, and our efforts to conduct our business in accordance with these expectations may involve trade-offs. Our investment portfolio is heavily weighted toward fixed income investments, and we manage our investment portfolio using disciplined asset/liability management principles, focusing on cash flow and duration to support our current and future liabilities. We maintain a diversified global general account investment portfolio to support our mix of liabilities in our global businesses. Our ability to maintain regular access to competitively priced wholesale funds is fostered by our current credit ratings from major credit rating agencies, which are critical to our liquidity and capital management. We believe we have access to ample liquidity to meet business requirements under current market conditions and reasonably possible stress scenarios. Our capital position is supported by our ability to generate strong cash flows within our operating companies and borrow funds at competitive rates, as well as by our demonstrated ability to raise additional capital despite adverse market and economic conditions. We proactively manage target and excess capital levels and dividend flows and forecast local capital positions as part of the financial planning cycle.