Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our ability to build, maintain, and scale our technical infrastructure, and risks associated with disruptions in our service, catastrophic events, and crises, are critical. We are subject to the risk of public health crises such as pandemics, earthquakes, adverse weather conditions, other natural disasters, terrorism, geopolitical conflict, other physical security threats, power loss, cyber-attacks, and other catastrophic events and crises. The COVID-19 pandemic previously significantly impacted our business and results of operations, leading to volatility in the demand for and pricing of our advertising services. Such events expose our business, operations, and workforce to a variety of risks, including volatility in the size of our user base and user engagement, delays in product development or releases, significant volatility and disruption of global financial markets, and increased volatility and uncertainty in the financial projections we use as the basis for estimates used in our financial statements. We are also subject to various litigation and formal and informal inquiries and investigations by competition authorities in the United States, Europe, and other jurisdictions, which relate to many aspects of our business. The occurrence of security breaches, improper access to or disclosure of our data or user data, and other cyber incidents could harm our reputation and adversely affect our business. Our industry is prone to cyber-attacks by third parties seeking unauthorized access to our data or users' data or to disrupt our ability to provide service. We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, intentional misuse of our services and user data by third parties, as well as other undesirable, illicit, or high-risk activity on our platform. Our efforts to address undesirable activity on our platform also increase the risk of retaliatory attacks. We are making significant investments in privacy, safety, security, and content review efforts to combat these activities. We have discovered and announced, and anticipate that we will continue to discover and announce, additional incidents of misuse of user data or other undesirable or illicit activity by third parties. Our advertising revenue has been, and we expect will continue to be, adversely affected by reduced marketer spending as a result of limitations on our ad targeting and measurement tools arising from changes to the regulatory environment and third-party mobile operating systems and browsers. We are also subject to evolving laws and regulations that dictate whether, how, and under what circumstances we can transfer, process or receive certain data that is critical to our operations. The introduction of new products, expansion of our activities in certain jurisdictions, or other actions that we may take may subject us to additional laws, regulations, or other government scrutiny. Our ability to adapt to these changes and maintain operational flexibility is crucial for our organizational resilience. We are continuously evaluating our liquidity and capital resources, including our access to external capital, to ensure we can finance our future capital requirements. Our restructuring efforts, including employee layoffs and facilities consolidation, are aimed at pursuing greater efficiency and realigning our business and strategic priorities. The complexity and rapid development of artificial intelligence initiatives also pose significant risks, as we must navigate regulatory scrutiny and potential legal liabilities while striving to enhance our operational capabilities and maintain competitive advantage.