The company and TCCC have extensive commercial arrangements, and as a result, the company's future performance is substantially dependent on the success of its relationship with TCCC. We primarily rely on bottlers and other contract packers to manufacture our products. If we are unable to maintain good relationships with our bottlers and contract packers and/or their ability to manufacture our products becomes constrained or unavailable to us, our business could suffer. We rely on limited company-owned facilities for production of certain of our non-alcohol and alcohol beverages, and developments negatively affecting production at such facilities could materially impact the financial results of our business. Our continued expansion outside of the United States exposes us to uncertain conditions and other risks in international markets. Global or regional catastrophic events could impact our operations and affect our ability to grow our business. The COVID-19 pandemic has impacted and may continue to impact our business and operations. We have transitioned all third parties' rights to distribute the company's energy drink products in the U.S. to members of TCCC's distribution network. We expect TCCC's distribution network to continue as our preferred distribution partner globally. As a result, we have reduced our distributor diversification and are now dependent on TCCC's domestic and international distribution platforms. The company, TCCC, and certain affiliates are parties to various agreements in which TCCC and certain affiliates have agreed, subject to certain exceptions, not to compete in the energy drink category in certain territories prior to the termination of the applicable distribution coordination agreement with TCCC. Our inability to implement our growth strategy, including expanding our business in existing and new sectors or successfully integrate acquired businesses or assets could adversely affect our business and financial results. We may continue to make acquisitions that expand our business within the beverage industry. The effectiveness of these acquisitions can be less predictable than developing new lines of beverages and might not provide the anticipated benefits or desired rates of return. Our business is subject to seasonality, which may cause fluctuations in our operating results. We believe that the key value drivers of our business include international growth, profitable growth, cost management, and efficient capital structure. Our growth strategy includes further developing our domestic markets, expanding our international business, and growing our business into new sectors, such as the alcohol beverage sector. We recognize that obesity and alcohol abuse and misuse are complex and serious public health problems. Our commitment to consumers begins with our broad product line and a wide selection of diet, light, and low-calorie beverages within our product lines. We continuously strive to meet changing consumer needs through beverage innovation, choice, and variety. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our continued ability to develop and introduce different and innovative beverages that meet consumer preferences. We cannot predict the duration and severity of disruptions in any of our markets or the impact they may have on our customers or business, as our expansion outside of the United States has increased our exposure to any developments or crises in international markets. The impact of logistical issues and delays, including shortages of shipping containers and port of entry congestion, could impair our ability to produce or deliver finished products, resulting in a negative impact on our operating results.