Our business is subject to various risks and uncertainties that are difficult to predict, which may materially affect actual results and are often outside of our control. We may be unsuccessful in anticipating and responding to changes in adult tobacco consumer preferences and purchase behavior, including as a result of difficult economic conditions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial position. Our ability to effectively respond to new and evolving adult tobacco consumer purchase behavior catalyzed by challenging macroeconomic conditions and changes in adult tobacco consumer preferences depends on our ability to promote brand equity successfully among our premium and discount brands and broaden our product portfolios across price points and categories, including by bringing to market new and innovative tobacco products that appeal to adult tobacco consumers. Our operating companies face risks inherent in reliance on a few significant manufacturing facilities and a small number of key suppliers, distributors and distribution chain service providers. A natural or man-made disaster, cybersecurity incident, global pandemic or other disruption that affects the manufacturing operations of any of our operating companies, the operations of any key supplier, distributor or distribution chain service provider of any of our operating companies or any other disruption in the supply or distribution of goods or services could adversely impact operations. Current macroeconomic conditions and geopolitical instability are causing worldwide disruptions and delays to supply chains and commercial markets, which limit access to, and increase the cost of, raw materials, ingredients and component parts. We continue to work to mitigate the potential negative impacts of these macroeconomic and geopolitical dynamics on our businesses through proactive engagement with current and potential suppliers and distributors, the development of alternative sourcing strategies, entry into long-term supply contracts and prudent oversight of our liquidity. We may be required to write down intangible assets, including trademarks and goodwill, due to impairment, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. We face various risks related to health epidemics and pandemics, and such events, and the measures that international, federal, state and local governments implement to address them, could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our ability to implement our strategy of attracting and retaining a highly skilled and diverse workforce may be impaired by the decreasing social acceptance of tobacco usage, tobacco regulation and control actions and other factors. Significant federal, state and local governmental actions, including FDA regulatory actions and inaction, and various private sector actions may continue to have a material adverse impact on our operating companies' sales volumes and our business. We cannot predict whether regulators will permit the marketing or sale of any particular innovative products or whether they will impose a burdensome regulatory framework on such products. The actions and inaction of regulators can result in competitive challenges. We continue to monitor the evolving macroeconomic and geopolitical landscapes. The trends and developments discussed above have not had a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial statements, but we continue to monitor these trends and developments and potential financial impacts. We do not believe that these trends and developments have materially impacted our ability to achieve our vision. As the trends and developments discussed above evolve and new ones emerge, we will continue to evaluate the potential impacts on our business, investments and vision.