Our operations are subject to business interruptions and present inherent hazards and risks, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. We have experienced certain of these incidents in the past, including scheduled and unscheduled refinery turnarounds, unplanned maintenance, and severe weather, which may result in impaired ability to manufacture our products. We are increasingly dependent on the performance of our information technology systems and those of our third-party business partners and service providers, which are subject to numerous and evolving cybersecurity threats and attacks that can compromise our ability to operate. Our cybersecurity and infrastructure protection technologies, disaster recovery plans, and systems may not be sufficient to defend us against all unauthorized attempts to access our information or impact our systems. We are committed to achieving operational excellence by reducing costs, improving efficiency, and driving operational improvements. Our approach to sustainability spans the environmental, social, and governance dimensions of our business, which means strengthening resiliency by lowering carbon intensity and conserving natural resources. We are focused on leveraging advantaged raw material selection and achieving technology improvements to advance our commercial performance. Our commitment to sustainability includes investing in renewables and emerging technologies, embedding sustainability in decision-making, and engaging our stakeholders. We have established a target to reduce absolute scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions, which reflects our plans to strengthen organizational resilience. The development of renewable fuels and technologies that lower our carbon intensity is a major step towards meeting increased demand for sustainable energy solutions. We are also focused on optimizing our portfolio of investment opportunities to ensure efficient deployment of capital, concentrating on projects with the highest returns. Our capital investment plan includes significant expenditures aimed at improving operational flexibility and enhancing the competitiveness of our assets. We continuously evaluate our capital plan and make changes as conditions warrant, which is essential for maintaining our organizational health and adaptability in a volatile market environment. The risks associated with societal and political pressures regarding carbon-based fuels could adversely impact our business and our ability to continue to operate or realize certain growth strategies. We are committed to maintaining an investment-grade credit profile and ensuring that our liquidity is adequate to fund our current operations and long-term funding requirements. Our financial results are affected by volatile refining margins, which are dependent on factors beyond our control, including global market conditions and competitive pressures. We have developed a trajectory model of organizational resilience that focuses on how actors project temporal trajectories of responses toward disruptive events and reconfigure those trajectories toward the future. Our ability to absorb strain and preserve functioning despite adversity is critical to our survival and success in a complex and dynamic business environment.