We have established procedures based on legal and regulatory requirements on a worldwide basis that are designed to facilitate compliance with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements and to require that our policies relating to business conduct, ethics and practices are followed globally. The heightened legal and regulatory focus on the financial services and banking industries globally presents a continuing business challenge for us. Climate risk, which is interconnected with other risk types, can impact other categories of risk. Physical risk may lead to increased credit risk by diminishing borrowers' repayment capacity or impacting the value of collateral. In addition, physical risk could pose increased operational risk to our facilities and people. The impacts of transition risk may lead to and amplify credit, market or liquidity risk by reducing our customers' operating income or the value of their assets as well as exposing us to reputational, compliance and/or litigation risk due to increased legal and regulatory scrutiny or negative public sentiment. As climate risk is interconnected with other risk types, we have developed and continue to enhance processes to embed climate risk considerations into our risk management practices and governance structures. The BRC oversees firmwide risks, which include climate risk, and, as part of its oversight, receives updates on our risk management approach to climate risk, including our approaches toward scenario analysis and integration of climate risk into our existing risk management processes. Our climate risk management efforts are overseen by the climate risk committee, which is co-chaired by our chief risk officer and chief sustainability officer and shapes our approach to managing climate-related risks in line with our overall risk framework. The firm manages its market-making positions by employing a variety of risk mitigation strategies. These strategies include diversification of risk exposures and hedging. The firm manages the market risk associated with its market-making activities on a firmwide basis, on a worldwide trading division level and on an individual product basis. The firm's internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. The firm has established procedures to mitigate the risk that a counterparty's performance obligations will be unenforceable, including consideration of counterparty legal authority and capacity, adequacy of legal documentation, the permissibility of a transaction under applicable law and whether applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws limit or alter contractual remedies. The firm has identified below any individual proceedings or investigations where the firm believes a material loss to be reasonably possible. The firm contests liability and/or the amount of damages as appropriate in each pending matter. In addition, even where the firm has determined that a loss is probable or reasonably possible or an exposure to loss or range of loss exists in excess of the liability already accrued with respect to a previously recognized loss contingency, the firm is often unable to reasonably estimate the amount of the loss or range of loss. The firm has established procedures based on legal and regulatory requirements on a worldwide basis that are designed to facilitate compliance with applicable statutory and regulatory requirements and to require that our policies relating to business conduct, ethics and practices are followed globally. The firm believes that the estimates utilized in the preparation of its financial statements are prudent and reasonable. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates.