Our strategy is to generate value through our technologies that help meet the changing needs of our customers around the world in protecting people, property and places. We believe we can enable better outcomes for our customers when we unite these technologies to work together. Our goal is to help remove silos and barriers between people and technologies, so that data unifies, information flows, operations run and collaboration improves to help strengthen safety and security everywhere. We manage our business organizationally through two segments: "products and systems integration" and "software and services." We strive to deliver services to our customers that help improve performance across their systems, devices and applications for greater safety and productivity. Given the mission-critical nature of our customers' operational environments, we aim to design the LMR networks they rely on for availability, security and resiliency. Our comprehensive approach to system upgrades addresses hardware, software and implementation services. We believe that public safety agencies and enterprises continue to trust LMR communications systems and devices because they are purpose-built and designed for reliability, availability, security and resiliency to withstand the most challenging conditions. Our view is that complementary data applications enable government, public safety and enterprise customers to work more efficiently and safely, while maintaining their mission-critical voice communications to remain connected and working in collaboration with others. The increasing adoption of next-generation 911 core services is a significant evolution in public safety that supports the complex process of the public safety workflow from "911 call to case closure." We remain focused on strengthening the intersection of public safety and enterprise security, offering solutions that are designed to help individuals, enterprises and public safety agencies work together and share information in an effort to help prevent critical incidents from occurring and better inform an emergency response when an incident unfolds. Our command center software supports all individuals involved in the public safety workflow through the phases of detection, response and resolution. We expect continued growth within our global LMR installed base as events such as natural disasters and large-scale incidents reinforce the importance of having secure, reliable LMR for public safety. We anticipate growth opportunities within the command center as our command center portfolio supports the complex process of the public safety workflow. Our customers are increasingly turning to scalable, cloud-based multi-factor authentication access control to make their facilities more secure. We expect customers to continue to embrace analytics that convert video data into actionable insights and offerings such as "video-as-a-service." We have made go-to-market and research and development investments in both video and our command center technologies with growth in mind. We continue to remain focused on improving our supplier network, engineering alternative designs and working to reduce supply shortages and effectively manage costs. Our operations and the products we manufacture are subject to a wide range of product regulatory and safety, consumer, worker safety and environmental product compliance and remediation laws that continue to expand and could impact our ability to grow our business, could subject us to unexpected costs and liabilities and could impact our financial performance. Our reliance on third-parties could, in certain instances, result in reputational damage or even disqualify us from sales opportunities with certain government customers. We are subject to increased scrutiny and evolving expectations from investors, customers, lawmakers, regulators and other stakeholders regarding environmental, social and governance-related practices and disclosures. Our success depends in part upon our ability to attract and retain senior management and key employees, including engineers and other key technical employees, in order to remain competitive.