Our operations could also be affected by other factors that are presently unknown to us or not considered significant. Disruptions to our manufacturing process from operational issues, natural disasters, or other events could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We have experienced significant volatility in our average selling prices and may continue to experience such volatility in the future. Many factors may result in a reduction of our output or a delay in ramping production, which could lead to underutilization of our production assets. These factors may include, among others, a weak demand environment, industry oversupply, inventory surpluses, difficulties in ramping emerging technologies, supply chain disruptions, and delays from equipment suppliers. Our supply chain and operations are dependent on the availability of materials that meet exacting standards and the use of third parties to provide us with components and services. Constraints within our supply chain for certain materials and integrated circuit components could limit our bit shipments, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our inability to obtain advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We have a broad portfolio of products to address our customers' needs, which span multiple market segments and are subject to rapid technological changes. Our inability to prevent deterioration of or improve gross margins could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We may not be able to achieve expected returns from capacity expansions, and these expansions involve several risks including capital expenditure requirements during periods of relatively low free cash flow generation. We have initiated a restructure plan in response to current market conditions, which includes a headcount reduction to approach 15% by the end of calendar 2023. We expect to realize cost savings of approximately $130 million per quarter subsequent to 2023. Our international operations are subject to a number of risks, including export and import duties, changes to import and export regulations, and political and economic instability, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We face intense competition in the semiconductor memory and storage markets from a number of companies, and our competitors may use aggressive pricing to obtain market share. The competitive nature of our industry could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our future success depends on our ability to develop and produce new and competitive memory and storage technologies and products. We may face technological barriers to continue to meet long-term customer needs, and our competitors are working to develop new memory and storage technologies that may offer performance and/or cost advantages to existing technologies. Our inability to develop new products could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We must attract, retain, and motivate highly skilled employees to remain competitive, and competition for experienced employees in our industry can be intense. Our inability to attract, retain, and motivate executives and other employees may inhibit our ability to maintain or expand our business operations. Environmental regulations could limit our ability to procure or use certain chemicals or materials in our operations or products, and compliance with responsible sourcing requirements could increase our operating costs. Any failure to meet evolving stakeholder expectations and industry standards could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, or stock price.