The risks set forth in the following risk factors could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity in a particular year or quarter, and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements. We have experienced a number of the risks described below over the past year in connection with the incident and the incident proceedings. The costs, liabilities, fines, penalties, and/or financial impact resulting from or related to the incident or the incident proceedings have been significant to date, may exceed expected or accrued amounts, and have and can be expected to continue to negatively affect our financial results. We have incurred and will continue to remain subject to incurring significant costs, liabilities, fines, and penalties related to the incident and the incident proceedings, including amounts that may have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. New or additional governmental regulation and/or operational changes resulting from or related to the incident or the incident proceedings may negatively impact us, our customers, the rail industry, or the markets we serve. Our inability to comply with the requirements of any new or additional laws, regulations, or operating protocols resulting from or related to the incident or the incident proceedings may have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, liquidity, or operations. We are addressing multiple governmental actions as a result of the incident. A significant cybersecurity incident or other disruption to our technology infrastructure could disrupt our business operations. System upgrades, redundancy, and other continuity measures may be ineffective or inadequate, and our business continuity and disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. Regardless of the cause, significant disruption or failure of one or more of information or operational technology systems operated by us or under control of third parties can result in us experiencing a service interruption, data breach, or other operational difficulties. Such failures or disruptions can adversely impact our business by preventing intercompany communications and disrupting operations that may result in direct or indirect monetary losses, damage to equipment or property, or loss of confidence in corporate competency. We face competition from other transportation providers, and any future improvements, expenditures, legislation, or regulation changing or materially increasing the efficiency or reducing the cost of one or more alternative modes of transportation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete. Capacity constraints could negatively impact our service and operating efficiency. We have experienced and may again experience capacity constraints on our rail network related to employee or equipment shortages, increased demand for rail services, severe weather, congestion on other railroads, or impacts from changes to our network structure or composition. Such constraints could result in operational inefficiencies or adversely affect our operations. Our ability to provide rail service to our customers depends in large part upon a functioning global supply chain and our ability to maintain collaborative relationships with connecting carriers. Deterioration in the supply chain or service provided by connecting carriers could result in our inability to meet our customers' demands or require us to use alternate train routes, which could result in significant additional costs and network inefficiencies. Severe weather and disasters have caused, and could again cause, significant business interruptions and expenditures. Shifts in weather patterns caused by climate change are expected to increase the frequency, severity, or duration of certain adverse weather conditions, which could cause more significant business interruptions that result in increased costs, increased liabilities, and decreased revenues. Our operations are subject to extensive federal and state environmental laws and regulations, and our inability to comply with these laws and regulations could result in significant liabilities or otherwise adversely impact our operations. We are incurring significant expenditures as a result of claims and lawsuits arising from the incident and the related incident proceedings.