Our business, financial conditions, results of operations or prospects could be materially and adversely affected by any of these risks or uncertainties. Our ability to maintain or expand our businesses depends largely on the level of drilling and production by third parties in the regions in which we operate. We depend on producers, gathering systems, refineries and pipelines owned and operated by others to supply our assets, and any closures, interruptions or reduced activity levels at these facilities may adversely affect our business. The threat of global climate change may create physical and financial risks to our business. Our operations are subject to operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions, which could affect adversely our business and for which we may not be adequately insured. The occurrence of operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions could affect adversely our business results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Our operations are subject to all the risks and hazards typically associated with the operation of gathering, transportation and distribution pipelines, storage facilities and processing and fractionation facilities. We may not be able to pass on the higher costs to our customers or recover all costs related to mitigating these physical risks. We expect our sources of cash inflows to provide sufficient resources to finance our operations, capital expenditures, quarterly cash dividends, maturities of long-term debt, share repurchases and contributions to unconsolidated affiliates. We believe we have sufficient liquidity due to our $2.5 billion credit agreement and access to $1.0 billion available through our "at-the-market" equity program. We may manage interest-rate risk through the use of fixed-rate debt, floating-rate debt, treasury locks and interest-rate swaps. Our financial results could also be affected adversely if our operational systems fail as a result of an inadvertent error or by deliberate tampering with or manipulation of our operational systems. We may be required to expend significant resources to identify, assess and remedy such events. Cybersecurity, physical security and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes and practices designed to protect our enterprise, information systems and data from attack, damage or unauthorized access and to identify and appropriately report cyberattacks, remain a priority for us. Our business is subject to regulatory oversight and potential penalties. Increased regulation of exploration and production activities could result in reductions or delays in drilling and completing new crude oil and natural gas wells. We cannot guarantee that state or federal regulators will not challenge our safety practices or will authorize any projects or acquisitions that we may propose in the future. The realization of any of these risks could adversely affect our business. We may face significant costs to comply with the regulation of greenhouse gas emissions. Various federal and state legislative proposals have been introduced to regulate the emission of greenhouse gases, particularly carbon dioxide and methane. We believe it is likely that future governmental legislation and/or regulation may further require us to limit greenhouse gas emissions associated with our operations. We may not be able to pass on the higher costs to our customers or recover all costs related to complying with greenhouse gas legislative and/or regulatory requirements. Our operations are subject to federal and state laws and regulations relating to the protection of public health and the environment, which may expose us to significant costs and liabilities. The risk of incurring substantial environmental costs and liabilities is inherent in our business. Our operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. There is an inherent risk of incurring environmental costs and liabilities in our business due to our handling of the products we gather, transport, process and store; air emissions related to our operations; past industry operations and waste disposal practices. We may not have sufficient cash on hand to repurchase and repay any accelerated senior notes, which may cause us to borrow funds under our credit facility or seek alternative financing sources to finance the repurchases and repayment.