We operate in rapidly changing economic and technological environments that present numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Rapid technological advances, intense competition, changing delivery models, and evolving standards characterize the industries in which we compete. If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, enhance and improve our product offerings, or position and price our products to meet demand, customers may not purchase or renew contracts. Our business may be adversely affected if we do not continue to develop and release new or enhanced products and services within the anticipated time frames. Our profitability and revenues could be adversely impacted if we lost one or more of our key customers for any reason, including as a result of any of the factors discussed. We cannot provide any assurance that the standards on which we choose to develop new products will allow us to compete effectively for business opportunities in emerging areas. Our cloud and other offerings are provided to customers worldwide via a variety of deployment models, including cloud-based offerings. As these business models evolve, we may not be able to compete effectively, generate significant revenues, or maintain profitability. Additionally, the increasing prevalence of cloud and SaaS delivery models may unfavorably impact the pricing of our offerings. Our products and services may not function properly if we experience significant coding, manufacturing, or configuration errors, which can impact their function, performance, and security. Errors could affect our ability to properly function, integrate, or operate with other offerings, resulting in service interruptions, delays, or outages. Our business operations depend on our products and networks, and any flaws could affect our ability to conduct business operations and ensure accuracy in financial processes and reporting. We face intense competition in all aspects of our business, and the nature of the IT industry creates a competitive landscape that is constantly evolving. Our enterprise cloud, license, and hardware offerings compete directly with offerings from some of the largest and most competitive companies. We believe many vendors spend amounts in excess of what we spend to develop and market applications and infrastructure technologies, which compete with our offerings. Our relationships with channel participants are important elements of our marketing and sales efforts, and our financial results could be adversely affected if our contracts with channel participants were terminated or if their financial conditions were to weaken. We continually focus on improving our cost structure, and our periodic workforce restructurings can be disruptive. We rely on hiring qualified employees and the continued service of our senior management, and hiring freezes may lead to decreased productivity. Our cloud offerings and hardware offerings are complex, and if we cannot successfully manage this complexity, the results of these businesses will suffer. We depend on suppliers to develop, manufacture, and deliver necessary technologies and components, and our supply chain operations could be disrupted by various factors. Our restructuring expenses are generally developed to improve our cost structure and operations. We may incur additional restructuring expenses in future periods due to the initiation of new restructuring plans or from changes in estimated costs associated with existing plans. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate risks and manage difficulties, including general economic conditions, political unrest, public health risks, and fluctuations in currency exchange rates. These factors could disrupt or negatively impact our supply chain operations and sales of our products and services.