Occidental's operations, financial condition, cash flows, and levels of expenditures are highly dependent on oil prices and, to a lesser extent, natural gas prices, which are subject to significant volatility due to various market conditions. The company works to manage inflation impacts by capitalizing on operational efficiencies, locking in pricing on longer-term contracts, and working closely with vendors to secure the supply of critical materials. Occidental's operational priorities include maximizing operational efficiencies and generating long-term free cash flow that will provide cash flow stability throughout the commodity cycle. The company aims to enhance its asset base with new investments in cash-generative energy and chemical businesses as well as emerging low-carbon businesses, advancing technologies and business solutions to help drive a sustainable low-carbon future. Occidental's strategies seek to achieve net-zero emissions from its operations and energy use before 2040, with an ambition to do so before 2035, and from its total carbon inventory, including the use of its sold products, with an ambition to do so before 2050. The company has established various interim targets, including carbon and methane intensity targets, and is committed to developing and commercializing technologies that lower greenhouse gas emissions from industrial processes. Occidental's operational flexibility to achieve low development and operating costs maximizes the full-cycle value of its assets and positions the company to support the transition to net zero while creating opportunities in a low-carbon future. The company has also entered into joint ventures and partnerships to further its low-carbon initiatives, including significant investments in direct air capture technology. Occidental's ability to recover costs incurred through its operating agreements is contingent upon the pricing of its oil, natural gas, and other products, as well as the performance of its partners. The company faces risks associated with environmental regulations, which may impose additional operational requirements and costs that could impact its ability to develop resources efficiently. In addition, Occidental's businesses may experience disruptions due to severe weather events, pandemics, and other unforeseen circumstances that could negatively affect its operations and the communities in which it operates. The company is also exposed to risks related to political instability, nationalizations, and other external pressures that could adversely affect its international operations. Occidental's strategic initiatives include maintaining a disciplined and prudent approach to capital expenditures, focusing on high-return, short- and mid-cycle cash-flow-generating opportunities, and emphasizing operational excellence and capital efficiency. The company continues to evaluate its resource allocation and operational practices to enhance its resilience in the face of market volatility and external challenges.