Our future results of operations are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical and current results, and from our projections. The market for our solutions is characterized by rapid technological advancements, changes in customer requirements, frequent new product introductions and enhancements, and changing industry standards. To maintain our growth strategy, we must adapt and respond to technological advances and technological requirements of our clients. Our future success will depend on our ability to enhance our current solutions and introduce new solutions in order to keep pace with solutions offered by our competitors, including the successful utilization of artificial intelligence and machine learning solutions. We continue to make significant investments related to the development of new technology. If our systems become outdated, it may negatively impact our ability to meet performance expectations related to quality, time to market, cost and innovation relative to our competitors. The failure to continually develop enhancements and use of technologies such as robotics and other workflow automation tools, natural language processing, and artificial intelligence/machine learning may impact our ability to increase the efficiency of and reduce costs associated with operational risk management and compliance activities. We may experience software defects, undetected errors, and development delays, which could damage our relationship with clients, decrease our potential profitability and expose us to liability. Our solutions rely on software and computing systems that can encounter development delays, and the underlying software may contain undetected errors, viruses or defects. In addition, we rely on technologies and software supplied by third parties that may also contain undetected errors, viruses or defects that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Cyberattacks and security threats are a risk to our business and reputation. A cyberattack, unauthorized intrusion, malicious software infiltration, network disruption or outage, corruption of data, or theft of personal or other sensitive information could have a material adverse effect on our business operations or that of our clients. Our operations are dependent on our ability to protect our infrastructure against damage from catastrophe or natural disaster, unauthorized security breach, power loss, telecommunications failure, terrorist attack or act of war, public health emergency, pandemic, or other events that could have a significant disruptive effect on our operations. We have a business continuity plan in place in the event of system failure due to any of these events. Our business continuity plan has been tested in the past by circumstances of severe weather, including hurricanes, floods, snowstorms, and rainstorms and has been successful. However, these past successes are not an indicator of success in the future. If the business continuity plan is unsuccessful in a disaster recovery scenario, we could potentially lose client data or experience material adverse interruptions to our operations or delivery of services to our clients. We may be adversely impacted by any failure of third-party service providers to perform their functions. We rely on a number of third-party service providers. Failure by these service providers, for any reason, to deliver their services in a timely manner and in compliance with applicable laws and regulations could result in material interruptions to our operations, impact client relations, and result in significant penalties or liabilities to us. We are committed to good corporate citizenship, which is reflected in our company culture and core values. Disclosure of our corporate governance practices including our ESG initiatives may draw negative publicity from stakeholders. Negative publicity relating to events or activities attributed to us, our policies, our corporate employees, or others associated with us, whether or not justified, may tarnish our reputation and reduce the value of our brand. If we are unable to maintain quality HCM and employee benefit-related solutions and PEO and insurance solutions, our reputation with our clients may be harmed and the value of our brand may diminish.