The company is highly sensitive to global and national economic conditions, which can materially weaken demand for its equipment and services. Unexpected events, including natural disasters, extreme weather events, or pandemics, may increase the company's cost of doing business or disrupt operations. The likelihood or severity of these unexpected events may increase due to the effects of climate change. The company has ongoing product development programs intended to address changing customer demand in the context of climate change and achieve its targeted reductions in emissions. The pace of transition from diesel combustion to alternative powertrain commercial vehicles is highly uncertain and will be influenced by customer demand for alternative powertrain vehicles and advancements in technology. The company believes its current strategies, programs, and resources are sufficient to address changes in customer demand in the context of climate change and to meet its emissions reduction targets. Disruptions or volatility in global financial markets could limit the company's sources of liquidity, or the liquidity of customers, dealers, and suppliers. The company’s financial services segment is subject to credit risk and is exposed to the risk of loss arising from the failure of a customer, dealer, or counterparty to meet the terms of loans and leases. The company relies on information technology systems and networks to manage or support various business processes and activities, which may be subject to disruptions. The company maintains a cybersecurity insurance policy and continues to invest in protections against such events. The company’s global operations are exposed to political, economic, and other risks beyond its control, which may adversely affect its financial results and competitive position. The company continually monitors developments in emissions and climate change-related laws and regulations and expects that these will continue to evolve. The company believes its policies and procedures are designed to prevent unreasonable risk of environmental damage, and it has accrued estimated costs to investigate and complete cleanup actions where it is probable that it will incur such costs in the future. The company expects to continue paying dividends, although there is no assurance as to future dividends. The company’s total cash and marketable securities increased significantly, primarily intended to provide liquidity while preserving capital. The company expects to fund its maturing financial services debt obligations principally from collections from customers on loans and lease contracts. The company has established a systematic methodology for determining the allowance for credit losses and evaluates finance receivables collectively based on historical loss information and expected changes in future macroeconomic conditions. The company’s experience indicates that the probability of not fully collecting past due accounts increases as they become past due. The adequacy of the allowance for credit losses is evaluated quarterly based on the most recent past due account information and current and future market conditions. The company utilizes economic forecasts from third-party sources to determine expected losses based on historical experience under similar market conditions. The company is increasing its investment in fuel-efficient diesel and electric powertrain technologies, connected vehicle services, and next-generation manufacturing and parts distribution capabilities, which are essential for maintaining operational flexibility and adapting to changing market demands.