The successful operation of new facilities or transmission or distribution projects is subject to risks relating to supply interruptions; labor availability, work stoppages and labor disputes; weather interferences; unforeseen engineering and environmental problems, including those related to climate change; opposition from local communities, and other risks described herein. Any of these risks could cause the amounts of our investments and/or our return on these investments to be lower than expected, which could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations through lower investment opportunities and/or lower returns. We are subject to physical, financial, and transition risks related to climate change, including potentially increased legislative and regulatory burdens and changing customer preferences, which may impact our businesses and results of operations, as well as our ability to implement our clean energy strategy. Climate change may increasingly drive change to existing or additional legislation and regulation that may impact our business and shape our customers' energy preference and sustainability goals. Severe weather or acts of nature, including hurricanes, winter storms, earthquakes, floods, wildfires, and other natural disasters can stress systems, disrupt operation of our facilities, and cause service outages, resulting in increased maintenance and capital costs and potential increased financing needs. We have historically benefited from access to mutual aid, a voluntary and reciprocal arrangement with other utilities that provides access to a trained and flexible labor force, which has helped to reduce outage restoration times during extreme weather events. However, there is no guarantee that we will have continued access to mutual aid as the utility industry consolidates and the frequency of severe weather events rises. We are also exposed to the risk of pandemics, such as the coronavirus pandemic, which could result in service disruptions and delays or otherwise impair our ability to timely provide service to our customers or complete our investment projects. Our ability to manage our accounts receivable balance and obtain recovery in rates for our carrying costs and any associated bad debts could have a material impact on our business. The effects of climate change will have increased the physical risks to our facilities and operations resulting from such climate hazards as more severe weather events, sea level rise, and extreme heat. Any of the issues described above, if experienced at our facilities or otherwise in our business, could adversely impact our revenues; increase costs to repair and maintain our systems; subject us to potential litigation and/or damage claims, fines or penalties; and increase the level of oversight of our utility and generation operations and infrastructure through investigations or through the imposition of additional regulatory or legislative requirements. We continually assess a broad range of strategic options to maximize long-term shareholder value and address the interests of our multiple stakeholders. We consider a wide variety of factors when determining how and when to efficiently deploy capital, including the performance and prospects of our businesses; returns and the sustainability and predictability of future earnings streams; the views of investors, regulators, public policy initiatives, rating agencies, customers, and employees. Our future success will depend on our ability to continue to maintain strong operational and financial performance, address regulatory and legislative developments that impact our business, and respond to the issues and challenges described. We seek approval of and execute on our utility capital investment program to modernize our infrastructure, improve the reliability and resilience of the service we provide to our customers, and align our sustainability and climate goals with New Jersey's energy policy.