This section describes the material risks to our business, which should be considered carefully in addition to the other information in this report and our other filings with the SEC. Our business is subject to general risks applicable to any company, such as economic conditions, geopolitical events, extreme weather, and natural disasters. If known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, our business operations, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, prospects, reputation, or credit ratings could be adversely affected now and in the future, potentially in a material way. The negotiating power of managed care organizations and other private third-party payors has increased due to consolidation, and they increasingly employ formularies to control costs and encourage utilization of certain drugs. Competitive product launches have and may erode future sales of our products, including our existing products and those currently under development, or result in product obsolescence. We cannot predict with accuracy the timing or impact of the introduction of competitive products that treat or prevent diseases and conditions like those treated or prevented by our in-line products and product candidates. Our products have been competing and may continue to compete against products or product candidates that offer higher rebates or discounts, exclusionary contracting, lower prices, equivalent or superior efficacy, better safety profiles, easier administration, earlier market availability, or other competitive features. We may fail to obtain or maintain timely or adequate pricing or formulary placement of our products, or fail to obtain such formulary placement at favorable pricing net of rebates. Our approach to business arrangements may also be informed by government and industry guidance. We operate on a global scale and could be affected by currency and interest rate fluctuations; capital and exchange controls; local and global economic conditions including inflation, recession, volatility, and/or lack of liquidity in capital markets; expropriation and other restrictive government actions; changes in intellectual property; legal protections and remedies; trade regulations; tax laws and regulations; and procedures and actions affecting approval, production, pricing, and marketing of, reimbursement for, and access to our products. Our strategy to grow in emerging markets may not be successful, and any growth rates in these markets may not be sustainable. We continue to monitor the global trade environment and potential trade conflicts and impediments that could impact our business. We could encounter difficulties, delays, or inefficiencies in our supply chain, product manufacturing, and distribution networks, as well as sales or marketing, due to regulatory actions, shut-downs, work stoppages or strikes, approval delays, withdrawals, recalls, penalties, supply disruptions, shortages, or stock-outs at our facilities or third-party facilities that we rely on. We depend on third-party collaborators, service providers, and others in the research, development, manufacturing, and commercialization of our products and product candidates. Failure by one or more of these parties to complete activities on schedule or in accordance with our expectations could delay or prevent the development, approval, manufacturing, or commercialization of our products and product candidates, expose us to suboptimal quality of service delivery, and could also result in non-compliance with legal or regulatory requirements or industry standards. Our manufacturing facility in Rocky Mount, NC was damaged by a tornado in July 2023. While manufacturing has resumed, the supply of medicines impacted by the tornado is expected to be affected through 2024. We consistently invest in an enterprise-wide strategy to aggressively combat counterfeit threats by educating patients and healthcare providers about the risks, investing in innovative technologies to detect and disrupt sophisticated internet offers and scams, and proactively monitoring and interdicting supply with the help of law enforcement.