The following "risk factors" identify what we believe to be the risks that could materially adversely affect our financial and/or operational performance. Business and operational risks arising from uncertainty in worldwide and regional economic conditions may harm our business and make it difficult to project long-term performance. Our business is sensitive to global macro-economic conditions, and macroeconomic downturns may have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. The company expects net sales from non-U.S. markets to continue to represent a significant portion of its total net sales. Our non-U.S. operations are subject to risks in addition to those facing our domestic operations, including fluctuations in currency exchange rates, transportation delays, political, social and economic instability, public health crises, and difficulties in staffing and managing multi-national operations. If we are unable to successfully manage the risks associated with expanding our global business or adequately manage operational fluctuations internationally, the risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. The security and functionality of our information technology systems are critical to our business operations, and disruptions could have adverse effects on our results of operations and financial condition. Unexpected events may increase our cost of doing business or disrupt our operations. The occurrence of unexpected events, including natural disasters and pandemics, could adversely affect our operations and financial performance. Our efforts to manage these fluctuations may be subject to delays or other factors that could adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows. We depend on the skills, institutional knowledge, and working relationships of key personnel, and any loss or failure to attract talent could have material adverse effects on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. We regularly execute organizational changes to support our growth and cost management strategies. If we are unable to successfully manage these and other organizational changes, our ability to realize anticipated synergies or cost savings could be materially adversely affected. The company is a global leader in motion and control technologies, and we believe many opportunities for profitable growth are available. We continue to manage the challenging supply chain environment through our "local for local" manufacturing strategy, ongoing supplier management process, and broadened supply base. We continue to strategically manage our workforce and discretionary spending. The continuing residual effects of the Russia-Ukraine war and the COVID-19 pandemic have impacted our business, and we will continue to monitor the environment and manage our business with the goal to minimize the impact on operations and financial results. We are actively monitoring our liquidity position and remain focused on managing our inventory and other working capital requirements. We believe that cash generated from operations and our commercial paper program will satisfy our operating needs for the foreseeable future. Our operations necessitate compliance with various laws and regulations, and any failure to comply could adversely impact our reputation and financial condition. The company has access to sensitive, confidential, or personal data that is subject to privacy and security laws, and security breaches could lead to negative consequences, including loss of reputation and increased compliance costs. The successful integration of new businesses and the success of joint ventures depend on our ability to manage these new businesses effectively. The company is committed to making its operations carbon neutral by 2040, and any failure to achieve climate-related goals could result in legal and regulatory proceedings against us.