We are subject to a number of risks potentially impacting our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The ability of borrowers to repay loans is often weakened as a result of economic downturns, higher inflation, and unemployment. Adverse economic conditions may limit the availability of, or increase the costs of, capital and labor, erode consumer purchasing power, and reduce our tolerance for extending credit. We operate in an uncertain economic environment due to structural and secular changes triggered by the pandemic, combined with increased interest rates, inflation, and geopolitical tensions. Our business and financial performance are vulnerable to the impact of adverse economic conditions, including periods of inflation, which may lead to turmoil and volatility in financial markets. Our ability to mitigate the adverse consequences of such occurrences is in part dependent on the quality of our resiliency planning, including our ability to anticipate the nature of any such event that might occur. We design our business continuity and other information and technology risk management programs to allow us to provide services in the case of an event resulting in material disruptions of business activities affecting our employees, facilities, technology, or suppliers. Our risk management framework includes policies, procedures, processes, personnel, and control systems designed to manage operational risks associated with inadequate or failed internal processes or systems, human errors, or adverse external events. We have established risk management policies and procedures to support our enterprise risk management framework, articulate our risk culture, and define the parameters and processes within which employees are to manage risk and conduct our business activities. Our risk culture reinforces the appropriate protocols for responsible and ethical behavior, which is critical in terms of our risk awareness, risk-taking behavior, and risk management practices. We employ a comprehensive risk management governance framework to ensure that risks are identified, balanced decisions are made that consider risk and return, and risks are adequately monitored and managed. Our enterprise strategy is designed to ensure that our overall enterprise strategy is within acceptable risk parameters through our risk appetite, strategic planning, capital planning, and stress testing processes. We actively monitor the interest rate environment and make adjustments to our deposit strategy in response to evolving market conditions, bank funding needs, and client relationship dynamics. Our operational risk management framework is designed to provide effective and consistent management of operational risk, enabling us to understand our operational risks and manage them to the desired risk profile, in line with our risk appetite. We also have policies, procedures, and systems designed to mitigate third-party risk, and our ability to implement these systems with respect to third-party systems is necessarily limited. Our risk management needs to continue to evolve, or it may not be effective in identifying, measuring, monitoring, and controlling climate risk exposure, particularly given that the timing, nature, and severity of the impacts of climate change may not be predictable. The results of supervisory or examination activities by our regulators, including actual or perceived compliance failures, could result in limitations on our ability to enter into certain transactions, engage in new activities, or expand geographically.