In addition, customer perceptions about the risk of property loss from natural disasters, terrorist attacks, civil unrest, or other events could negatively impact self-storage demand. We are subject to risks from the consequences of climate change, including severe weather events, as well as the transition to a low-carbon economy and other steps taken to prevent or mitigate climate change. Our self-storage facilities are located in areas that may be subject to the direct impacts of climate change, such as increased destructive weather events like floods, fires, drought, and prolonged periods of extreme temperature or other extreme weather, which could result in significant damage to our facilities, increased capital expenditures, increased expenses, reduced revenues, or reduced demand for our facilities. Indirect impacts of climate change could also adversely impact our business, including through increased costs, such as insurance costs or regulatory compliance costs. In addition, the ongoing transition to a low-carbon economy presents certain risks for us and our customers, including stranded assets, increased costs, lower profitability, lower property values, lower household wealth, and macroeconomic risks related to high energy costs and energy shortages, among other things. We have exposure to increased property tax in California, and our property tax expense could increase substantially, adversely affecting our cash flow from operations and net income. We face significant competition for suitable acquisition properties and companies from other real estate investors, which may impact our growth and financial results. Failures or unexpected circumstances in integrating facilities or companies that we acquire could jeopardize realization of the anticipated earnings from an acquisition. Our development program subjects us to risks, including delays, cost increases, or inability to complete development projects due to changes in or failure to meet government or regulatory requirements. We have implemented various initiatives to manage the adverse impacts of inflation on our cost of operations, such as enhancements in operational processes and investments in technology to reduce payroll hours. We expect to complete our multi-year property of tomorrow program to enhance the competitive position of our facilities relative to local competitors. We continue to seek to acquire additional self-storage facilities from third parties, but future acquisition volume will depend upon various factors including economic conditions and seller confidence. Our ability to adapt to changing conditions and opportunities is supported by our strong credit profile, which enables us to effectively access both public and private capital markets. We have significant financial flexibility and access to sources of capital, including debt and preferred equity. Our current and expected capital resources include cash and retained operating cash flow, which we believe will continue to be sufficient to meet our ongoing cash requirements. We expect to satisfy our cash requirements through operating cash flow and opportunistic debt and equity financings. Our marketing initiatives may fail to be effective, and we are exposed to ongoing litigation and other legal and regulatory actions, which may divert management's time and attention, require us to pay damages and expenses, or restrict the operation of our business. The failure or disruption of our computer and communications systems could significantly harm our business, and we face cybersecurity threats that could result in serious and harmful consequences for us or our customers.