The ability of the organization to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite the presence of adversity is crucial for maintaining operational continuity and resilience. Our operations are subject to planned and unplanned downtime, business interruptions, and operational hazards, any of which could adversely impact our ability to operate and could adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We take precautions to ensure and enhance the safety of our operations and minimize the risk of disruptions, but our operations are subject to hazards inherent in chemicals, refining, and midstream businesses, such as explosions, fires, and other incidents. The inability to operate facilities or assets due to these events could significantly impair our ability to manufacture, process, store, or transport products. Our operations may also be affected by public health crises, epidemics, and pandemics, which have had and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our business. The demand for our products may be impacted by the perceived risk of infection or health risk, which may lead to reduced demand. Our strategic initiatives are focused on improving refining performance and optimizing utilization rates and product yield at our refineries through reliable and safe operations, which will enable us to capture the value available in the market in terms of prices and margins. We are also focused on executing business transformation aimed at sustainably reducing our cost structure, which is essential for maintaining organizational health and resilience. The success of our investments largely depends on the realization of anticipated market demand, and these projects typically require significant development periods, during which time demand for our products or services may change. Our financial results are largely affected by the relationship between the prices at which we sell refined petroleum products and the prices for crude oil and other feedstocks used in manufacturing these products. The ability to manage risks associated with joint ventures is critical, as our joint venture partners may have economic, business, or legal interests that are inconsistent with ours. We are also subject to interruptions of supply and offtake, as well as increased costs, due to our reliance on third-party transportation of crude oil and refined petroleum products. Our operations are exposed to various external pressures, including geopolitical risks, weather-related damage, and disruptions due to natural or human causes. Sustained or prolonged declines in commodity prices and margins for our products may adversely affect our results of operations, liquidity, and access to capital markets. We continuously assess risks and implement measures to mitigate them, focusing on operational flexibility and adaptability in response to changing market conditions. The strategic planning process incorporates considerations of future-oriented initiatives and resilience strategies to navigate complex situations and uncertainties in the business environment. We must continually obtain new supplies to maintain or increase throughput levels on our natural gas gathering and transportation pipeline systems, which is vital for our operational resilience. Our organizational practices emphasize the importance of knowledge management and the development of capabilities to enhance performance under pressure, ensuring that we can respond effectively to environmental disruptions and other challenges.