Our growth strategy includes acquisitions, which may involve risks, including difficulties in the integration of the operations, technologies, services, and products of the acquired companies and the diversion of management's attention from other business concerns. We rely on information and technology, including third-party cloud computing platforms, for many of our business operations, which could fail and cause disruption to our business operations. A shutdown of, or inability to access, one or more of our facilities, a power outage, or a failure of one or more of our information technology, telecommunications, or other systems could significantly impair our ability to perform such functions on a timely basis. Our compliance, cyber and data privacy programs, cybersecurity technology, and risk management cannot eliminate all system risk. Cyberattacks, configuration or human error, insider threat, and/or other external hazards could result in the misappropriation of assets or sensitive information, corruption of data, or operational disruption. We seek to deploy measures to protect, detect, respond, and recover from cybersecurity threats, including identity and access controls, employee training, data protection, vulnerability management, incident response, secure product development, continuous monitoring of our networks, platforms, endpoints, and systems, and maintenance of ransomware resilient backup and recovery capabilities. Despite these efforts, we can make no assurances that we will be able to mitigate, detect, prevent, timely and adequately respond, or fully recover from the negative effects of cyberattacks or other security compromises. The potential consequences of a material cybersecurity incident include financial loss, reputational damage, damage to our IT systems, data loss, litigation with third parties, theft of intellectual property, fines, customer attrition, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs due to the increasing sophistication and proliferation of threats. Our ability to make scheduled principal payments of, to pay interest on, or to refinance our indebtedness and to satisfy our other debt obligations will depend upon our future operating performance, which may be affected by factors beyond our control. Our operating results could be adversely affected by a reduction in business with our large customers, and we face intense competition from numerous competitors in our various businesses. Our products compete primarily on the basis of product quality, performance, innovation, technology, price, applications expertise, system and service flexibility, distribution channel access, and established customer service capabilities. We have experienced significant changes to our executive leadership team in the past and may do so in the future. Leadership transitions and changes can be inherently difficult to manage and may cause uncertainty or disruption to our business or may increase the likelihood of turnover in key leadership positions. Any business disruptions due to political instability, armed hostilities, incidents of terrorism, public health crises, or extreme weather events could adversely impact our financial performance. Our international operations are subject to varying degrees of risk inherent in doing business outside of the U.S., including adverse changes in a specific country's or region's political or economic conditions, trade protection measures, tariffs, and import or export requirements. We believe that internally generated cash flows and the remaining availability under our unsecured credit facility will be adequate to finance normal operating requirements. However, the rate at which we can reduce our debt during 2024 will be affected by the financing and operating requirements of any new acquisitions, the financial performance of our existing companies, and the financial markets generally.