Our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the performance of our common stock may be adversely affected by a number of risk factors. We are subject to impacts from the macroeconomic environment, financial and credit markets, and geopolitical conditions that affect consumer confidence and consumer disposable income, and also increase our costs. Inflation, supply chain disruptions, and other accompanying economic impacts from geopolitical conflicts, public health crises, or other external events may continue to have significant negative effects on our costs and on consumer confidence, shopping behavior, and spending, which may adversely affect our sales and profitability. Our business and operations were adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic in recent years, and could be affected by another public health event in the future. The extent and duration of impacts from future public health crises on our business and our financial results will depend largely on future developments, including efforts to mitigate the resulting economic disruptions, and the related impact on consumer confidence, shopping behavior, and spending, all of which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. Our success depends on our ability to effectively buy and sell merchandise that meets customer demand. We work on an ongoing basis to identify customer trends and preferences, and to obtain merchandise inventory to meet anticipated customer needs. Although our off-price business model provides us certain advantages and may allow us greater flexibility than traditional retailers have in adjusting our merchandise mix to ever-changing consumer tastes, our merchandising decisions may still fail to correctly anticipate and match consumer trends and preferences. Adverse and/or unseasonable weather may affect shopping patterns and consumer demand for seasonal apparel and other merchandise, and may result in temporary store closures and disruptions in deliveries of merchandise to our stores. Unexpected changes in the level of consumer spending on or preferences for apparel and home-related merchandise could adversely affect us. We depend on the market availability, quantity, and quality of attractive brand name merchandise at desirable discounts, and on the ability of our buyers to purchase merchandise to enable us to offer customers a wide assortment of merchandise at competitive prices. Our ability to meet or exceed our operating performance targets depends upon the continuous, sufficient availability of high-quality merchandise that we can acquire at prices sufficiently below those paid by conventional retailers and that represent a value to our customers. To the extent that certain of our vendors are better able to manage their inventory levels and reduce the amount of their excess inventory, the amount of high-quality merchandise available to us could be materially reduced. Our ability to attract, train, and retain associates with the retail talent necessary to execute our off-price retail strategies along with labor shortages, increased turnover, or increased labor costs could adversely affect our operating results. We must also attract, train, and retain our key associates across the company, especially within our buying organization. The loss of one or more of our key personnel or the inability to effectively identify a suitable successor for a key role could have a material adverse effect on our business. We are subject to risks associated with selling and importing merchandise produced in other countries. Risks in importing and selling such merchandise include economic and supply chain uncertainties and adverse economic conditions, including shipping capacity limitations, cost increases, inflation, recession, and exchange rate fluctuations. A disruption within our logistics or supply chain network could adversely affect our ability to timely and efficiently transport merchandise to our stores or our distribution centers, which could impair our ability to meet customer demand for products and result in lost sales or increased supply chain costs. Disruptions in our supply chain or in our information systems could impact our ability to process sales and to deliver product to our stores in a timely and cost-effective manner. We must monitor and choose sound investments and implement them at the right pace. The risk of system disruption is increased whenever significant system changes are undertaken.