Our business, operating results, financial condition, and liquidity can be impacted by changes in global economic conditions, international relations, and geopolitical events, including inflation and credit market conditions. The current global supply chain challenges and inflationary pressures have negatively affected our performance as well as the performance of our suppliers and subcontractors. High inflation levels have increased material and component prices, labor rates, and supplier costs, which could adversely affect our operating profits and margins under our contracts. Similarly, interest rate increases have created financial market volatility and could further negatively impact financial markets, leading to an economic downturn or recession, and tightening the availability of capital for the company. Our global business is also adversely affected by decreases in the general level of economic activity, such as decreases in business and consumer spending, air travel, and government procurement. Changes in U.S. government defense spending could negatively impact our financial position, results of operations, liquidity, and overall business. Our programs are subject to U.S. government policies, budget decisions, and appropriation processes, which are driven by numerous factors including domestic and broader geopolitical events and macroeconomic conditions. The significance of these impacts will primarily be based on the length of any continuing resolution or shutdown. We may experience significant impacts from disruptions to federal government offices, workers, and operations, including risks relating to the funding of certain programs, stop work orders, and delays in contract awards. Our business and financial performance may be adversely affected by cyber-attacks on information technology infrastructure and products, as well as changes in cybersecurity regulations. We are also dependent on a global supply chain and subject to risks related to the availability of materials and the performance of our suppliers; in recent years we have experienced supply chain disruptions that resulted in delays and increased costs. Current geopolitical conditions, including conflicts and other causes of strained intercountry relations, as well as sanctions and other trade-restrictive activities, are contributing to these issues. The existing supply chain issues could be compounded by other events, such as an economic downturn; supplier capacity constraints; supplier quality issues; price increases for various reasons; and worsening shortages of raw materials or commodities, including as a result of war or other geopolitical actions, natural disasters, or public health crises. Our business, and the businesses of our suppliers, subcontractors, service providers, and customers, could be negatively impacted by increasing frequency and severity of acute extreme weather events caused by climate change, which could damage our and our suppliers' facilities, products, and other assets, and cause disruptions to our business and operations, supply chain, and distribution networks. We continue to pursue strategic and operational initiatives to help address these macroeconomic pressures, including our digital transformation, operational modernization, cost reduction, and advanced technology programs. Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of these investments depends on a variety of factors, including meeting development, production, certification, and regulatory approval schedules; receiving regulatory approvals; execution of internal and external performance plans; and achieving cost and production efficiencies. We are continuously evaluating our cost structure and have implemented restructuring actions in an effort to keep our cost structure competitive.