The following discussion of risk factors known to us contains important information for understanding our business and operational risks, which are essential for maintaining organizational resilience. Demand for our products and services is substantially dependent on the levels of expenditures by our customers, which can change based on many factors, including fluctuations in oil and gas prices. Actual and anticipated declines in oil and gas prices have resulted in, and may in the future result in, lower capital expenditures, project modifications, delays or cancellations, and general business disruptions. These effects have had, and may in the future have, a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Disruptions in the political, regulatory, economic, and social environments of the countries in which we operate could adversely affect our reputation and organizational health. Geopolitical instability and unforeseen changes in any of the markets in which we operate could result in business disruptions or operational challenges that may adversely affect the demand for our products and services. Our long-term success depends on our ability to effectively address the energy transition, which will require adapting our technology portfolio to changing customer preferences and government requirements. Failure to effectively and timely address the energy transition could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and cash flows. Our operations are subject to cyber incidents that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Cyberattacks are expected to accelerate on a global basis in both frequency and magnitude, which could impact our operational flexibility and resilience. We operate in a highly competitive environment, and our ability to maintain technology leadership is critical for sustaining competitive advantage. Our business may be adversely affected if we fail to continue developing and producing innovative technologies in response to changes in the market, including customer and government requirements. Severe weather events, including extreme weather conditions associated with climate change, have in the past and may in the future adversely affect our operations and financial results. Public health emergencies, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, have caused, and could again cause, significant reductions in global economic activity, adversely impacting demand for our products and services. The extent to which our operating and financial results will be affected by public health emergencies will depend on various factors beyond our control. Our aspirations, goals, and initiatives related to sustainability and emissions reduction expose us to numerous risks, and our ability to achieve any stated goal, target, or objective is subject to numerous factors and conditions. Failure to attract and retain qualified personnel could impede our operations and affect our organizational capabilities. Our business has been, and in the future will be, affected by severe weather events in areas where we operate, which could materially affect our operations and financial results. The imperative to operate more sustainably is translating into tangible investments by our customers, which may enhance our resilience strategies. The ongoing conflict in Ukraine and the associated sanctions have required us to adapt our operational strategies and resource allocation to mitigate risks and maintain performance under pressure.