The financial performance of Southern Company and its subsidiaries may be adversely affected if the subsidiaries are unable to successfully operate their facilities or perform certain corporate functions. The registrants expect future compliance expenditures will continue to be significant, and the ultimate environmental compliance strategy and future environmental expenditures will depend on various factors, such as state adoption and implementation of requirements, the availability and cost of any deployed control technology, fuel prices, and the outcome of pending and/or future legal challenges. The registrants have processes for identifying, assessing, and responding to climate-related risks, including a scenario planning process that is used to inform resource planning decisions. The financial performance of the Southern Company system is influenced by the successful operation of electric generation, transmission, and distribution facilities, natural gas distribution facilities, and distributed generation storage technologies. The registrants face risks that could affect operational reliability, including operator error, environmental regulatory requirements, labor disputes, physical attacks, fuel supply interruptions, transmission disruptions, and catastrophic events. The Southern Company system must attract, train, and retain a workforce to meet current and future needs, and events such as an aging workforce or increased cost of labor may lead to operating challenges. The registrants' operations depend on the global supply chain to procure equipment, materials, and other resources, and disruptions in the supply chain could adversely impact business operations. The registrants are subject to risks associated with a changing economic environment, customer behaviors, and the adoption of technologies, which could affect the relationship of economic activity to energy consumption. The registrants engage in long-term planning processes to estimate the optimal mix and timing of new generation assets required to serve future load obligations, but inherent risk exists in predicting demand as future loads depend on uncertain factors. The Southern Company system's ability to recover costs may be influenced by regulatory lag associated with the time between the incurrence of costs and recovery in customers' rates. The registrants are subject to risks associated with their ability to obtain adequate insurance at acceptable costs, and the financial condition of some insurance companies could have disruptive effects on insurance markets. The registrants face significant competition for transactional opportunities, and anticipated transactions may not be completed on acceptable terms or at all. The registrants continually seek opportunities to create value through various transactions, including acquisitions or sales of assets. The Southern Company system's operations are subject to various regulatory requirements, and failure to comply with these requirements could result in substantial monetary penalties. The registrants are exposed to regulatory and financial risks related to the impact of greenhouse gas legislation and regulation, and concern about climate change continues to increase. The registrants' ability to meet rapidly changing demands for new and varied products, services, and offerings is critical for maintaining competitive advantage. The Southern Company system's strategy relies on continuing to pursue a diverse portfolio, including low-carbon and carbon-free resources, and making necessary investments in transmission and distribution systems. The registrants cannot guarantee that they will achieve their environmental goals, and the ultimate impact of new regulations and market dynamics on their operations remains uncertain.