The following factors, among others, could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in forward-looking statements made in this annual report on Form 10-K. Conditions that adversely affect the general retail environment could materially and adversely affect us. We face potential adverse effects from tenant bankruptcies, and vacant space at our properties could materially and adversely affect us. Acts of violence, civil unrest, or criminal activity, actual or threatened terrorist attacks, and inappropriate behavior by consumers at our properties could adversely affect our business operations. We face a wide range of competition that could affect our ability to operate profitably, including e-commerce and the evolution of consumer preferences. Epidemics, pandemics, or other public health crises, and governmental reactions thereto, could have a significant negative impact on our and our tenants' business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, and liquidity. We face risks associated with climate change, and some of our properties are subject to potential natural or other disasters. The occurrence of natural disasters at our properties can adversely impact operations and development projects, increase investment costs, and negatively impact tenant demand for lease space. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to attract, motivate, retain, and develop talented employees, and our failure to do so could adversely impact our business. We face risks associated with security breaches through cyber-attacks and other significant disruptions of our computer systems. Our international activities may subject us to risks that are different from or greater than those associated with our domestic operations. We continually seek to re-lease vacant spaces resulting from tenant terminations, and future tenant bankruptcies may strain our resources and impact our ability to successfully execute our re-leasing strategy. The bankruptcy of a tenant may require a substantial redevelopment of its space, making re-tenanting difficult and costly. We may not be able to lease newly developed properties to or renew leases and relet space at existing properties with an appropriate mix of tenants or at desired rents. We may not be able to identify and secure the right blend of tenants that keep up with evolving customer preferences, and if we fail to do so, our properties may not appeal to the communities they serve. Additionally, an oversupply of space in the trade areas in which our properties operate could reduce market rents, negatively impacting the terms upon which we lease our properties. We face risks associated with the acquisition, development, redevelopment, and expansion of properties, and these activities are subject to various risks, including higher than projected costs and delays. Disruption in the capital and credit markets may increase the cost of capital and adversely affect our ability to access external financing for growth and ongoing debt service requirements. Our ability to comply with financing covenants might be affected by events beyond our control. We have a substantial debt burden that could affect our future operations, and adverse changes in our credit ratings could affect our borrowing capacity and terms. The agreements that govern our indebtedness contain various covenants that impose restrictions on us that might affect our ability to operate freely. We may face risks related to joint ventures, including the possibility that partners might become bankrupt or fail to fund their share of required capital contributions. The increased focus on metrics and reporting related to environmental, social, and governance factors may impose additional costs and expose us to new risks.