In addition to the other information set forth in this document, we believe that each of these matters could materially affect our business. Adverse changes in the U.S. securities markets, increasing interest rates, and rising inflation could materially increase our benefit plan costs and future funding requirements. Our costs to provide current benefits and funding for future benefits are subject to increases, primarily due to continuing increases in medical and prescription drug costs, which can be affected by lower returns on assets held by our pension and other benefit plans. Significant adverse changes in capital markets could result in the deterioration of our defined benefit plans' funded status. Inflationary pressures on costs may impact our network construction, financial condition, or results of operations. We depend on suppliers to provide us with items such as network equipment and customer premises equipment, and many of these inputs are subject to price fluctuations from various factors, including market conditions, demand for raw materials, and governmental actions. Our attempts to offset these cost pressures may not be successful, and higher product prices may result in reductions in sales volume. Adverse changes in global financial markets could limit our ability to access capital or increase the cost of capital needed to fund business operations. We have been successful in continuing to access the credit and fixed income markets when needed, but adverse changes in the financial markets could render us unable to access these markets or only at higher interest costs, severely affecting our business operations. Our international operations increase our exposure to political instability and changes in the international economy, which could offset our expected growth opportunities. Changes to federal, state, and foreign government regulations could further increase our operating costs and alter customer perceptions of our operations. The effects of climate change may impose risk of damage to our infrastructure and disrupt our ability to provide services, potentially resulting in increased costs and loss of revenue. We could incur significant costs to improve the climate resiliency of our infrastructure and prepare for, respond to, and mitigate such physical effects of climate change. We must continually invest in our networks to improve our services to meet increasing demand and changes in customer expectations while remaining competitive. Our focus on supporting added customer value with an improved customer experience is designed to drive efficiencies and improved margins. We expect our growth to come from wireless and IP-based fiber broadband services, and we plan to use our strong fiber and wireless assets to strengthen our overall market position. Our operational impacts resulting from potential physical effects of climate change could result in increased costs and loss of revenue. We continue to transform our operations to be more efficient and effective, restructuring businesses and improving customer service through digital transformation. Our ability to address these issues will depend on continued improvement in network quality and customer service, as well as effective marketing of attractive products and services. Cyberattacks impacting our networks or systems may have a material adverse effect on our operations, and extensive efforts are undertaken to develop and test systems before deployment to prevent and withstand such attacks. Natural disasters, extreme weather conditions, or terrorist acts could cause damage to our infrastructure and result in significant disruptions to our operations. Our system redundancy and other measures we take to protect our infrastructure may be ineffective or inadequate to sustain our operations through all such events.