Our ability to increase production of our vehicles on a sustained basis, make them affordable globally by accessing local supply chains and workforces, and streamline delivery logistics is dependent on the construction and ramp of our current and future factories. The construction of and commencement and ramp of production at these factories are subject to a number of uncertainties inherent in all new manufacturing operations, including ongoing compliance with regulatory requirements, procurement and maintenance of construction, environmental and operational licenses and approvals for additional expansion, supply chain constraints, hiring, training and retention of qualified employees, and the pace of bringing production equipment and processes online with the capability to manufacture high-quality units at scale. We continue to monitor macroeconomic conditions to remain flexible and to optimize and evolve our business as appropriate, and attempt to accurately project demand and infrastructure requirements globally and deploy our production, workforce, and other resources accordingly. Our future growth and success are dependent upon consumers' demand for electric vehicles and specifically our vehicles in an automotive industry that is generally competitive, cyclical, and volatile. We also face strong competition for our products and services from a growing list of established and new competitors. Our operations could be adversely affected by events outside of our control, such as natural disasters, wars, or health epidemics. We may be impacted by natural disasters, wars, health epidemics, weather conditions, the long-term effects of climate change, power outages, or other events outside of our control. If major disasters such as earthquakes, floods, or other climate-related events occur, our headquarters and production facilities may be seriously damaged, or we may have to stop or delay production and shipment of our products. We must maintain and significantly grow our access to battery cells, including through the development and manufacture of our own cells, and control our related costs. Our business may suffer if our products or features contain defects, fail to perform as expected, or take longer than expected to become fully functional. We are subject to evolving laws and regulations that could impose substantial costs, legal prohibitions, or unfavorable changes upon our operations or products. Our ability to manage growth effectively may harm our brand, business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. We may experience issues with lithium-ion cells or other components manufactured at our gigafactories, which may harm the production and profitability of our vehicle and energy storage products. Our suppliers may fail to deliver components according to schedules, prices, quality, and volumes that are acceptable to us, or we may be unable to manage these components effectively. We may be unable to meet our projected construction timelines, costs, and production ramps at new factories, or we may experience difficulties in generating and maintaining demand for products manufactured there. Our success will depend on our ability to continue to expand our sales capabilities and accurately project and effectively manage our growth. We will need to maintain public credibility and confidence in our long-term business prospects in order to succeed. The loss of the services of any of our key employees or any significant portion of our workforce could disrupt our operations or delay the development, introduction, and ramp of our products and services. We are also subject to legal and regulatory requirements, political uncertainty, and social, environmental, and economic conditions in numerous jurisdictions, including markets in which we generate significant sales, over which we have little control and which are inherently unpredictable.