We are susceptible to a potential downturn associated with macroeconomic weakness, which may affect our performance and the performance of our customers. Geopolitical tensions may impact our ability to deliver products, support customers, receive manufacturing equipment or cause customers to seek alternate suppliers, which could adversely affect our operations and financial results. Our global operations expose us to periods when the U.S. dollar significantly fluctuates in relation to the non-U.S. currencies in which we transact business. We face substantial competition that requires us to respond rapidly to product development and pricing pressures. The price and product development pressures that result from competition may lead to reduced profit margins and lost business opportunities in the event that we are unable to match the price declines or cost efficiencies, or meet the technological, product, support, software or manufacturing advancements of our competitors. Our ability to match inventory and production with the product mix needed to fill orders may affect our ability to meet a quarter's revenue forecast. Our manufacturing forecasts are based on multiple assumptions, and if inaccurate, could cause us to hold inadequate, excess or obsolete inventory that would reduce our profit margins and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our operating results and our reputation could be adversely affected by cybersecurity events, breaches, disruptions or other incidents relating to our information technology systems. Our ability to successfully implement strategic, business and organizational changes could affect our business plans and results of operations. If we do not successfully implement these changes, our business plans and operating results could be adversely affected. Our results of operations could be affected by natural events in the locations in which we operate. Climate change might exacerbate these occurrences or cause natural disasters to occur with greater frequency and with more intense effects. Our results of operations depend in part upon our ability to successfully develop, manufacture and market innovative products in a timely and cost-effective manner. We face supply chain and manufacturing risks. Our access to needed goods and services may be adversely affected by potential disputes with suppliers or disruptions in our own or suppliers' operations. Limited or delayed access to and high costs of key materials, natural resources, services and utilities could adversely affect our results of operations. Our continued success depends in part on our ability to retain and recruit a sufficient number of qualified employees in a competitive environment. Our results of operations could be adversely affected by warranty claims, product liability claims, product recalls or legal proceedings. Our results of operations could be adversely affected by changes in expected demand for our products. The cyclical nature of the semiconductor market occasionally leads to significant and rapid increases and decreases in product demand. Our relationships with customers and suppliers may be adversely affected if we are unable to describe our products as conflict-free. Our inability to timely implement new manufacturing technologies, install manufacturing equipment or secure necessary personnel for manufacturing operations could adversely affect our results of operations. We do not have long-term contracts with all of these suppliers, and the number of alternate suppliers is limited. Reliance on these suppliers involves risks, including possible shortages of capacity in periods of high demand. Our continued success depends in part on the retention and recruitment of skilled personnel as well as the contributions and effective succession of senior management and other key employees. Our results of operations could be adversely affected by the complex laws, rules and regulations to which our business is subject. Compliance with these laws, rules and regulations may be onerous and expensive and could restrict our ability to manufacture or ship our products and operate our business. Our performance depends in part on our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights and to maintain freedom of operation.