As a global payments technology company, we continuously monitor and manage balance sheet and operational risks from clients in our portfolio, including their settlement obligations. Our compliance programs and policies are designed to support our compliance with a wide array of regulations and laws, and we continually adjust our compliance programs as regulations evolve. However, we cannot guarantee that our practices will be deemed compliant by all applicable regulatory authorities. The evolving and increased regulatory focus on the payments industry could negatively impact or reduce the number of Visa products our clients issue, the volume of payments we process, our revenues, our brands, and our competitive positioning. Increased scrutiny and regulation of the global payments industry could harm our business. We face intense competition in our industry, and the global payments space is intensely competitive. As technology evolves and consumer expectations change, new competitors or methods of payment emerge, and existing clients and competitors assume different roles. Our products compete with cash, checks, electronic payments, virtual currency payments, and other domestic and closed-loop payments systems. We continuously assess our liquidity position and potential sources of supplemental liquidity in view of our operating performance, current economic and capital market conditions, and other relevant circumstances. Our ability to do so may be adversely affected by regulatory requirements and policies pertaining to transaction routing or onshore processing. We depend on relationships with financial institutions, acquirers, processors, merchants, payment facilitators, e-commerce platforms, fintechs, and other third parties. Our relationships with industry participants are complex and require us to balance the interests of multiple third parties. Our success will increasingly depend on our ability to sustain and grow these relationships. We may not achieve the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions, joint ventures, or strategic investments and may face risks and uncertainties as a result. We may be unable to attract, hire, and retain a highly qualified and diverse workforce, including key management. The market for highly skilled workers in our industry is extremely competitive. Our management team has significant industry experience and would be difficult to replace. We may be unable to retain them or to attract, hire, or retain other highly qualified employees. Our business relies on the movement of data across national borders, and legal requirements relating to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal data continue to evolve. We are also subject to a variety of laws and regulations governing the development, use, and deployment of AI technologies. The global proliferation of new privacy and data protection laws may lead to inconsistent and conflicting requirements, creating an uncertain regulatory environment. Our cybersecurity and processing systems have experienced and may continue to experience errors, interruptions, delays, or damage from various causes, including cyber-attacks and natural disasters. We may not be able to successfully and quickly recover all of our critical business functions, assets, and data through our business continuity program. Our brand is globally recognized and is a key asset of our business. Our success depends in large part on our ability to maintain the value of our brand and reputation of our products and services in the payments ecosystem. We are subject to laws, regulations, and other measures that govern a wide range of topics, including those related to sustainability, climate change, human capital, inclusion and diversity, and human rights. Our aspirations to address corporate responsibility and sustainability matters could adversely affect our business and financial results or negatively impact our reputation.