AbbVie depends on information technology and a failure of those systems could adversely affect AbbVie's business. AbbVie relies on sophisticated information technology systems to operate its business. These systems are potentially vulnerable to malicious intrusion, random attack, loss of data privacy, or breakdown. Data privacy or security breaches by employees or others may cause sensitive data, including intellectual property, trade secrets or personal information belonging to AbbVie, its patients, customers or business partners, to be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. Although AbbVie has invested in the protection of its data and information technology and also monitors its systems on an ongoing basis, there can be no assurance that these efforts will prevent breakdowns or breaches in AbbVie's information technology systems that could adversely affect AbbVie's business. The company also faces risks associated with doing business internationally, including changes in medical reimbursement policies and programs, multiple legal and regulatory requirements that are subject to change and that could restrict AbbVie's ability to manufacture, market and sell its products. AbbVie must continue to launch new products and new indications and/or brand extensions for existing products, and such launches must generate revenue sufficient both to cover its substantial research and development costs and to replace revenues of profitable products that are lost to or displaced by competing products or therapies. The successful discovery, development, manufacturing and sale of biologics is a long, expensive and uncertain process. There are unique risks and uncertainties with biologics, including access to and supply of necessary biological materials, such as cell lines, which may be limited and governmental regulations restrict access to and regulate the transport and use of such materials. In addition, the development, manufacturing and sale of biologics is subject to regulations that are often more complex and extensive than the regulations applicable to other pharmaceutical products. Manufacturing biologics, especially in large quantities, is often complex and may require the use of innovative technologies. Such manufacturing also requires facilities specifically designed and validated for this purpose and sophisticated quality assurance and quality control procedures. AbbVie uses a number of products in its pharmaceutical and biologic manufacturing processes that are sourced from single suppliers, and an interruption in the supply of those products could adversely affect AbbVie's business and results of operations. AbbVie relies on patent, trademark and other intellectual property protection in the discovery, development, manufacturing and sale of its products. The expiration or loss of patent protection and licenses may adversely affect AbbVie's future revenues and operating earnings. The company's ability to generate cash flows from operations, issue debt, or enter into financing arrangements on acceptable terms could be adversely affected if there is a material decline in the demand for the company's products or in the solvency of its customers or suppliers, deterioration in the company's key financial ratios or credit ratings, or other material unfavorable changes in business conditions. AbbVie believes it has sufficient financial flexibility to issue debt, enter into other financing arrangements and attract long-term capital on acceptable terms to support the company's growth objectives. The anticipated benefits of AbbVie's merger with Pharmacyclics will depend on its ability to effectively and profitably commercialize Imbruvica, including AbbVie's ability to create and meet continued market demand, achieve market acceptance and generate product sales.