We are increasingly dependent on information technology systems, infrastructure, network connected control systems and data security. The breadth, complexity and business process integration of our computer systems and the potential value of our data make these systems targets of service interruption, destruction, malicious intrusion and attack. Data privacy or security breaches by employees, contractors or others may pose risks that sensitive data including intellectual property, trade secrets or personal information belonging to us, our patients, customers and/or other business partners may be exposed to unauthorized persons or the public. As a global biotechnology company, our systems are subject to frequent cyber-attacks. Moreover, these attacks are growing in frequency, sophistication and intensity, and are becoming increasingly difficult to detect. As the cyber-threat landscape evolves, such attacks are also increasingly difficult to detect when carried out by motivated, well-resourced, skilled and persistent actors including nation states and organized crime groups. Such attacks could include the deployment of harmful malware, key loggers, a denial-of-service, a delivery of malware through malicious websites, the use of social engineering and/or other means to affect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our information technology systems, processes, infrastructure and data. Key business partners, third-party service and product providers and any companies we may acquire face similar risks and any security breaches of their systems could adversely affect our security and resiliency posture. Although in the past we have experienced cyber-attacks and intrusions into our computer systems, we do not believe such attacks have had a material adverse effect on our operations. While we continue to invest in the protection and monitoring of our critical or sensitive data and information technology, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent service interruptions or detect all breaches to our systems that could adversely affect our business and operations and/or result in the loss of critical or sensitive information, which could result in financial, legal, business or reputational harm to us. Our transformation has established a foundation for longer-term growth and we are approaching the development of promising new medicines with greater understanding, speed and confidence. We have focused our business and operating model through significant transformation and process improvement efforts. Our transformation and process improvement efforts across the company are enabling us to reallocate resources to fund many of our innovative pipeline and growth opportunities that deliver value to patients and stockholders. We continue to innovate with patient- and provider-friendly delivery systems to differentiate our products, as seen by our U.S. launch of the repatha® pushtronextm system, a new monthly single-dose administration option, and the continued growth of the neulasta® onpro® kit in the United States. We believe that our next-generation biomanufacturing will reduce the scale and cost of making biologics while retaining a reliable, high-quality, compliant supply of medicines. We devote considerable resources to R&D activities. However, successful product development in the biotechnology industry is highly uncertain. We are also confronted by increasing regulatory scrutiny of safety and efficacy both before and after products launch. Rising healthcare costs and economic conditions also continue to pose challenges to our business, including continued pressure by third-party payers, such as governments and private payers, to reduce healthcare expenditures.