We face intense competition as our businesses are rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, with many competitors in different industries, including retail, e-commerce services, digital content, and electronic devices. Some of our competitors may secure better terms from vendors, adopt more aggressive pricing, and devote more resources to technology, infrastructure, fulfillment, and marketing. Our expansion places a significant strain on our management, operational, financial, and other resources, increasing the complexity of our business and placing significant strain on our management, personnel, operations, systems, technical performance, financial resources, and internal financial control and reporting functions. We may not be able to manage growth effectively, which could damage our reputation, limit our growth, and negatively affect our operating results. Our ability to retain and increase sales to existing customers, attract new customers, and satisfy our customers' demands is critical. The timing, effectiveness, and costs of expansion and upgrades of our systems and infrastructure are also significant factors. We seek to invest efficiently in several areas of technology and content, including AWS, and expansion of new and existing product categories and service offerings, as well as in technology infrastructure to enhance the customer experience and improve our process efficiencies. We believe that advances in technology, specifically the speed and reduced cost of processing power and the advances of wireless connectivity, will continue to improve the consumer experience on the internet and increase its ubiquity in people's lives. Our technology and content investment and capital spending projects often support a variety of product and service offerings due to geographic expansion and the cross-functionality of our systems and operations. We expect spending in technology and content will increase over time as we add computer scientists, designers, software and hardware engineers, and merchandising employees. Our technology infrastructure costs consist of servers, networking equipment, and data center related depreciation, rent, utilities, and payroll expenses. We seek to expand our fulfillment capacity to accommodate a greater selection and in-stock inventory levels and to meet anticipated shipment volumes from sales of our own products as well as sales by third parties for which we provide the fulfillment services. We may not be able to implement, maintain, and develop the components of our commercial relationships, which may include web services, fulfillment, customer service, inventory management, tax collection, payment processing, hardware, content, and third-party software. Our ability to optimize and operate our fulfillment network and data centers is critical, as failure to do so could result in excess or insufficient fulfillment or data center capacity, or result in increased costs. We experience occasional system interruptions and delays that make our websites and services unavailable or slow to respond, which may reduce our net sales and the attractiveness of our products and services. We rely on a limited number of shipping companies to deliver inventory to us and completed orders to our customers, and if we are not able to negotiate acceptable terms with these companies or they experience performance problems, it could negatively impact our operating results and customer experience. Our technology capabilities are essential in transforming our firm into a competitive force, and our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals.