We are dependent on information technology and our systems and infrastructure face certain risks, including from cybersecurity breaches and data leakage. We rely extensively on IT systems, networks, and services, including internet sites, data hosting and processing facilities, and tools, physical security systems, and other hardware, software, and technical applications and platforms, some of which are managed, hosted, provided, and/or used by third parties or their vendors, to assist in conducting our business. A significant breakdown, invasion, corruption, destruction, or interruption of critical information technology systems or infrastructure could negatively impact operations. The ever-increasing use and evolution of technology, including cloud-based computing, creates opportunities for the unintentional dissemination or intentional destruction of confidential information stored in our or our third-party providers' systems. We could also experience a business interruption, theft of confidential information, or reputational damage from industrial espionage attacks, malware, or other cyber-attacks, which may compromise our system infrastructure or lead to data leakage, either internally or at our third-party providers. Although the aggregate impact on our operations and financial condition has not been material to date, we have been the target of events of this nature and expect them to continue as cybersecurity threats have been rapidly evolving in sophistication and becoming more prevalent in the industry. We have invested in industry-appropriate protections and monitoring practices of our data and IT to reduce these risks and continue to monitor our systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. Our strategy is focused on delivering innovative, transformational medicines to patients. If we are unable to successfully execute on this strategy, this could negatively impact our future results of operations and market capitalization. In connection with this strategy, we recently announced an evolution to our operating model to focus on investment in commercial opportunities against key brands and markets, accelerate the pipeline, streamline operations, and realign manufacturing capabilities that broaden biologics capabilities, among other things. Our ability to successfully execute our operating model evolution could impact our results. For example, if we are not able to achieve the cost savings we expect, this could negatively impact our operating margin and earnings results. In addition, we may not be able to consistently maintain a rich pipeline through internal R&D programs or transactions with third parties to support future revenue growth. Competition among pharmaceutical companies for acquisition and product licensing opportunities is intense, and we may not be able to locate suitable acquisition targets or licensing partners at reasonable prices or successfully execute such transactions. If we are unable to support and grow our marketed products, successfully execute the launches of newly approved products, advance our late-stage pipeline, manage change and operating model evolution issues, and manage our costs effectively, our operating results and financial condition could be negatively impacted. We rely on suppliers, vendors, outsourcing partners, alliance partners, and other third parties to research, develop, manufacture, commercialize, co-promote and sell our products, manage certain marketing, selling, human resource, finance, IT, and other business unit and functional services, and meet their contractual, regulatory, and other obligations. The failure of any critical third party to meet its obligations could have a material adverse impact on our operations and results. We have established a company-wide policy to limit our sales to direct customers for the purpose of complying with the consent. This policy includes the adoption of various procedures to monitor and limit sales to direct customers in accordance with the terms of the consent.