Our business and the businesses of the companies in which we invest are materially affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions or events throughout the world, such as interest rates, availability of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws, trade barriers, commodity prices, currency exchange rates and controls, and national and international political circumstances. We operate in businesses that are highly dependent on information systems and technology. We face operational risk from errors made in the execution, confirmation, or settlement of transactions. Our public markets business is highly dependent on our ability to process and evaluate, on a daily basis, transactions across markets and geographies in a time-sensitive, efficient, and accurate manner. Our and our third-party service providers' information systems and technology may not continue to be able to accommodate our growth, may not be suitable for new products and strategies, and may be subject to security risks, and the cost of maintaining such systems may increase from our current level. We rely heavily on our financial, accounting, and other data processing systems and on the systems of third parties who provide services to us. If any of these systems do not operate properly or are disabled, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to our funds, regulatory intervention, or reputational damage. We depend on our principal offices in New York City, where most of our administrative personnel are located, and technology and infrastructure concentrated in New York City and other offices for the continued operation of our business. A disaster or a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our businesses could have a material adverse impact on our ability to continue to operate our business without interruption. Our business continuation or disaster recovery programs may not be sufficient to mitigate the harm that may result from such a disaster or disruption. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks. We face various security threats on a regular basis, including ongoing cyber security threats to and attacks on our information technology infrastructure that are intended to gain access to our proprietary information, destroy data, or disable, degrade, or sabotage our systems. Although we take protective measures and endeavor to modify them as circumstances warrant, our computer systems, software, and networks may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, theft, misuse, computer viruses, or other malicious code, and other events that could have a security impact. We also depend on an increasingly concentrated group of third-party vendors that we do not control for hosting solutions and technologies. Our portfolio companies also rely on data processing systems and the secure processing, storage, and transmission of information, including payment and health information. A disruption or compromise of these systems could have a material adverse effect on the value of these businesses. Our growth strategy is based, in part, on the expansion of our platform through selective investment in and development or acquisition of businesses and investment strategies complementary to our business. The expansion into new products and geographies has demanded greater management attention and dedication of resources to manage the increasing complexity of operations and regulatory compliance. This growth strategy involves a number of risks, including the risk that the expected synergies from a newly developed product or strategic alliance will not be realized, that the expected results will not be achieved, and that new strategies are not appropriately planned for or integrated into the firm.