Failure, inadequacy, or breach of our information technology systems, infrastructure, and business information could result in material harm to our business and reputation. We rely to a large extent on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems and infrastructure to accumulate, process, store, and transmit large amounts of confidential information and other data. Maintaining the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our IT systems and confidential information is vital to our business. IT systems are potentially vulnerable to system inadequacies, operating failures, service interruptions or failures, security breaches, malicious intrusions, or cyber-attacks from a variety of sources. Cyber-attacks are growing in their frequency, sophistication, and intensity, and are becoming increasingly difficult to detect, mitigate, or prevent. Breaches resulting in the loss, theft, destruction, or unauthorized disclosure or use of confidential information can occur in various ways, including negligent or wrongful conduct by employees or others with permitted access to our systems and information, or wrongful conduct by hackers, competitors, certain governments, or other current or former company personnel. The failure or inadequacy of our IT systems or the loss, theft, destruction, or unauthorized disclosure or use of confidential information could impair our ability to secure and maintain intellectual property rights, damage our operations, customer relationships, and reputation, and cause us to lose trade secrets or other competitive advantages. Unauthorized disclosure of personally identifiable information could expose us to sanctions for violations of data privacy laws and regulations and could damage public trust in our company. We have implemented measures to prevent, respond to, and minimize these risks; however, these measures may not be successful. If they are not successful, any of these events could result in material financial, legal, business, or reputational harm to our business and reputation. We utilize third parties, including suppliers, distributors, alliances with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, and third-party service providers, for selected aspects of product development, manufacture, commercialization, support for information technology systems, product distribution, and certain financial transactional processes. Outsourcing these functions involves the risk that the third parties may not perform to our standards or legal requirements, may not produce reliable results, may not perform in a timely manner, may not maintain the confidentiality of our proprietary information, or may fail to perform at all. Failure of these third parties to meet their contractual, regulatory, confidentiality, or other obligations to us could have a material adverse effect on our business. We face many product liability claims and are self-insured; we could face large numbers of claims in the future, which could adversely affect our business. Our human pharmaceutical business is subject to increasing government price controls and other public and private restrictions on pricing, reimbursement, and access for our drugs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We face intense competition from multinational pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, and lower-cost generic and biosimilar manufacturers, and such competition could have a material adverse effect on our business. Our long-term success depends on our ability to continually discover, develop, and commercialize innovative new pharmaceutical products. Without strong intellectual property protection, we would be unable to generate the returns necessary to support the enormous investments in research and development and capital as well as other expenditures required to bring new drugs to the market.