Substantial and intense competition worldwide in the global payments industry may materially and adversely affect our overall business and results of operations. Our payment programs compete against all forms of payment, including cash and checks; electronic, mobile and e-commerce payment platforms; cryptocurrencies; ACH payment services; and other payments networks. Our ability to compete may also be affected by the outcomes of litigation, competition-related regulatory proceedings, central bank activity, and legislative activity. Operators of three-party payments systems tend to have greater control over consumer and merchant customer service than operators of four-party payments systems such as ours, which may limit our ability to introduce value-added products and services that are dependent upon us processing the underlying transactions. Our failure to differentiate ourselves from our competitors, drive value for our customers, and effectively align our resources with our goals and objectives may hinder our competitiveness. The payments industry is subject to rapid and significant technological changes, which can impact our business in several ways, including the development of new technologies that may render our current technologies obsolete. We rely on third parties for the development of and access to new technologies, and our ability to develop and adopt new services and technologies may be inhibited by industry-wide solutions and standards. Our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission, and storage of confidential, proprietary, and other information in our computer systems and networks. Information security risks for payments and technology companies have significantly increased in recent years due to the proliferation of new technologies and the increased sophistication of organized crime and hackers. Our transaction processing systems and other offerings may experience interruptions as a result of technology malfunctions, fire, weather events, power outages, telecommunications disruptions, terrorism, workplace violence, accidents, or other catastrophic events. We maintain an information security program, a business continuity program, and insurance coverage to address or mitigate these risks. However, there can be no assurance that we will be immune to these risks and not suffer material breaches and resulting losses in the future. The potential outcome of any legislative, regulatory, or litigation action could have a more positive or negative impact on our business relative to its competitors. Regulatory proceedings and litigation could result in fines or civil damages, which could materially and adversely affect our overall business and results of operations. Our business significantly depends on the continued success and competitiveness of our issuing and acquiring customers and their ability to effectively manage or help manage our brands. We do not issue cards or other payment devices, extend credit to cardholders, or determine the interest rates or other fees charged to cardholders using our products. Our customers' success depends on a variety of factors over which we have little or no influence. The continued focus of merchants on the costs of accepting various forms of payment may lead to additional litigation and regulatory proceedings. We also work with merchants to help them enable new sales channels, create better purchase experiences, improve efficiencies, increase revenues, and fight fraud. The ability to attract consumers to our branded products and retain them depends upon the external perception of us and our industry. Adverse developments with respect to our industry or the industries of our customers may impair our reputation and result in greater regulatory or legislative scrutiny.