The company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated software applications and computing infrastructure to conduct critical operations. Disruption, degradation, or manipulation of these applications and systems through intentional or accidental means could impact key business processes. Cyber-attacks against the company's applications and systems could result in exposure of confidential information, the modification of critical data, and/or the failure of critical operations. The company continues to leverage new and innovative technologies across the enterprise to improve the efficacy and efficiency of its business processes; the use of which can create new risks. The company monitors its data, information technology, and personnel usage of company systems to reduce these risks and continues to do so on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. The company's operations are principally managed on a products basis and include four operating segments, which are the pharmaceutical, animal health, healthcare services, and alliances segments. The pharmaceutical segment includes human health pharmaceutical and vaccine products marketed either directly by the company or through joint ventures. The company is committed to making externally sourced programs a greater component of its pipeline strategy, with a focus on supplementing its internal research with a licensing and external alliance strategy focused on the entire spectrum of collaborations from early research to late-stage compounds, as well as access to new technologies. The company must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications or brand extensions for existing products sufficient both to cover its substantial research and development costs and to replace sales that are lost as profitable products lose market exclusivity or are displaced by competing products or therapies. The company is also involved in various claims and legal proceedings of a nature considered normal to its business, including product liability, intellectual property, and commercial litigation, as well as certain additional matters. The company has established revenue hedging, balance sheet risk management, and net investment hedging programs to protect against volatility of future foreign currency cash flows and changes in fair value caused by volatility in foreign exchange rates. The company is focused on pursuing opportunities that have the potential to drive both near- and long-term growth. The company continues to evaluate certain late-stage clinical development and platform technology assets to determine their out-licensing or sale potential. The company has significant global operations, which expose it to additional risks, and any adverse event could have a material negative impact on the company's results of operations. The company also faces intense competition from lower-cost generic products. The company's ability to generate profits and operating cash flow depends largely upon the continued profitability of the company's key products. The company is often involved in patent disputes relating to challenges to its patents or claims by third parties of infringement against the company. The company continues to invest in its pipeline and is focused on the therapeutic areas that it believes can have the most impact on human health, such as oncology, diabetes, cardiometabolic disease, resistant microbial infection, and Alzheimer’s disease. The company is also pursuing emerging product opportunities independent of therapeutic area or modality and is building its biologics capabilities.