Our operations could also be affected by other factors that are presently unknown to us or not considered significant. The semiconductor memory industry is highly competitive, and we face intense competition in the semiconductor memory market from a number of companies, including large corporations that may have greater resources to invest in technology, capitalize on growth opportunities, and withstand downturns in the semiconductor markets in which we compete. Our gross margins are dependent upon continuing decreases in per gigabit manufacturing costs achieved through improvements in our manufacturing processes and product designs. Factors that may limit our ability to reduce costs include strategic product diversification decisions affecting product mix, the increasing complexity of manufacturing processes, and technological barriers. Our future success depends on our ability to develop and produce competitive new memory technologies. Our key semiconductor memory technologies face technological barriers to continue to meet long-term customer needs. To meet these requirements, we expect that new memory technologies will be developed by the semiconductor memory industry. Our competitors are working to develop new memory technologies that may offer performance and cost advantages to our existing memory technologies and render existing technologies obsolete. Accordingly, our future success may depend on our ability to develop and produce viable and competitive new memory technologies. We have made significant investments in product and process technologies and anticipate expending significant resources for new semiconductor product development over the next several years. We must make significant capital investments in manufacturing technology, capital equipment, facilities, R&D, and product and process technology to support future growth and achieve operating efficiencies. Our cash flows from operations depend primarily on the volume of semiconductor memory sold, average selling prices, and manufacturing costs. We are continuously evaluating alternatives for efficiently funding capital expenditures and ongoing operations. We expect that our cash and investments, cash flows from operations, and available financing will be sufficient to meet our requirements. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flow to service our debt obligations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We maintain operations and continuously implement new product and process technology at our manufacturing operations. If production at a fabrication facility is disrupted for any reason, manufacturing yields may be adversely affected or we may be unable to meet our customers' requirements. This could result in a significant increase in manufacturing costs, loss of revenues, or damage to customer relationships. We face risks associated with our international sales and operations that could materially adversely affect our business. Our international sales and operations are subject to a variety of risks, including compliance with U.S. and international laws involving international operations, political and economic instability, and disruptions to our manufacturing operations. We may incur additional restructure charges in future periods. Our joint ventures and strategic relationships involve numerous risks that could adversely affect the value of our investments and our results of operations. We manufacture products using highly complex processes that require technologically advanced equipment and continuous modification to improve yields and performance. Our ability to access funds held by joint ventures to finance our other operations is subject to agreement by partners and contractual limitations. We have entered into strategic relationships to manufacture products and develop new manufacturing process technologies and products. These relationships are subject to various risks that could adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition.