We depend on information systems and technology, some of which are provided by third parties, including public websites and cloud-based services, for many activities important to our business, including to interface with our customers and consumers; to engage in marketing activities; to enable and improve the effectiveness of our operations; to order and manage materials from suppliers; to manage inventory; to manage our facilities; to conduct research and development; to maintain financial accuracy and efficiency; to comply with regulatory, financial reporting, legal and tax requirements; to collect and store sensitive data and confidential information; to communicate electronically among our global operations and with our employees and the employees of our independent bottlers, contract manufacturers, distributors, joint ventures, suppliers and other third parties; and to communicate with our investors. We are subject to cyberattacks and other cyber incidents that can disrupt our information systems, which could lead to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, and loss of competitive advantage due to unauthorized access to confidential information. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and maintain our information technology infrastructure, including monitoring networks and systems, upgrading our security policies and the skills and training of our employees, our business could be disrupted. We continue to devote significant resources to network security, backup and disaster recovery, and other security measures to protect our systems and data. Our business executive overview indicates that we have embraced automation across the company, leveraging new tools that we believe will deliver higher rates of production. We are also continuing to implement our global operating model to improve efficiency, decision making, innovation and brand management across the global organization to enable us to compete more effectively. Our strategies are designed to address key challenges, including consumer demand for healthier products and the need to invest in building the new capabilities required to succeed in the digital marketplace. We are focused on building and sustaining strong relationships with our retail partners and investing in research and development to drive innovation. Our productivity initiatives help support our growth initiatives and contribute to our results of operations, and we continue to implement strategic plans that we believe will position our business for future success and long-term sustainable growth by allowing us to achieve a lower cost structure and operate more efficiently in the highly competitive beverage, food and snack categories and markets. We are also subject to risks from adverse changes in commodity prices, foreign exchange rates, and interest rates, which we manage through a variety of strategies, including productivity initiatives, global purchasing programs, and hedging. Our risk management framework includes oversight from our board of directors and cross-functional senior management groups that meet regularly to identify, assess, prioritize, and address top strategic, financial, operating, compliance, safety, reputational, and other risks. We leverage an integrated risk management framework to monitor and mitigate risks associated with our operations, including those related to technology and information systems.