The transition of wireless networks and devices to 3G/4G continued around the world, with 3G/4G connections increasing to approximately 4.0 billion, representing about 54% of total mobile connections. Our revenues depend on commercial network deployments, expansions, and upgrades of CDMA, OFDMA, and other communications technologies. We depend on operators of wireless networks and our customers and licensees to adopt these technologies for use in their networks, devices, and services. The competitive environment in wireless communications is characterized by rapid technological change, which could result in decreased demand and/or declining average selling prices for our products. The industry dynamics include concentration of device share among a few companies within the premium tier, resulting in significant supply chain leverage for those companies. We expect competition to increase as our current competitors expand their product offerings or reduce the prices of their products to attract new business. Our future success will depend on our ability to differentiate our integrated circuit products with innovative technologies across multiple products and features and to develop and offer integrated circuit products at competitive cost and price points. We anticipate that additional competitors will introduce products as a result of growth opportunities in wireless communications, the trend toward global expansion by foreign and domestic competitors, technological and public policy changes, and relatively low barriers to entry in certain segments of the industry. We continue to invest significant resources toward advancements in 4G LTE and 5G technologies, OFDM-based WLAN technologies, wireless baseband chips, and other technologies that contribute to the expansion of our intellectual property portfolio. Our strategic activities are generally focused on opening new or expanding opportunities for our technologies and supporting the design and introduction of new products and services for voice and data communications. We engage in strategic acquisitions and other transactions, including joint ventures, which we believe are important to the future of our business. The proposed acquisition of NXP Semiconductors involves risks, including integration risks and the need to devote significant resources and management time prior to close. Our ability to integrate the businesses successfully and efficiently will be crucial to realizing the expected benefits of the acquisition. We also face challenges related to compliance with licensing agreements, particularly in China, where we believe certain licensees are not fully complying with their contractual obligations to report sales of licensed products. Our business and operating segments are operated by Qualcomm Technologies, Inc., which conducts research and development functions and relies on independent third-party suppliers for the manufacturing and assembly of our integrated circuits. We expect to continue making strategic investments and acquisitions to open new opportunities for our technologies and to grow our patent portfolio. Our operational flexibility may be impacted by the competitive landscape and the decisions of companies to utilize their own internally developed integrated circuit products or our competitors' products. The ongoing rollout of 4G services in emerging regions is expected to encourage competition and growth, bringing the benefits of 3G/4G LTE multimode to consumers. Our future growth significantly depends on new and expanded product areas and adjacent industry segments, including automotive, IoT, and machine learning.