We rely heavily on information technology in our operations, and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption or security failure of that technology could harm our ability to effectively operate our business and could adversely affect our financial results. Our information technology systems, such as those we use for our point-of-sale, web and mobile platforms, including online and mobile payment systems and rewards programs, and for administrative functions, including human resources, payroll, accounting and internal and external communications, as well as the information technology systems of our third party business partners and service providers, can contain personal, financial or other information that is entrusted to us by our customers and employees. Our ability to effectively manage our business and coordinate the production, distribution, administration and sale of our products depends significantly on the reliability, integrity and capacity of these systems. We continue to make significant investments in technology, third party services and personnel to develop and implement systems and processes that are designed to anticipate cyber-attacks and to prevent or minimize breaches of our information technology systems or data loss. We face intense competition in each of our channels and markets, which could lead to reduced profitability. The specialty coffee market is intensely competitive, including with respect to product quality, innovation, service, convenience, and price, and we face significant and increasing competition in all these areas in each of our channels and markets. Our business strategy, including our plans for new stores, foodservice, branded products and other initiatives, relies significantly on a variety of business partners, including licensee and joint venture relationships, particularly in our international markets, and third party manufacturers, distributors and retailers, particularly in our international channel development business. We also rely on third party providers and platforms for some of these information technology systems and support. We believe customers expect the same quality of products and service from our licensees as they do from us and we strive to ensure customers receive the same quality of products and service experience whether they visit a company-operated store or a licensed store. Business incidents, whether isolated or recurring and whether originating from us or our business partners, that erode consumer trust, such as actual or perceived breaches of privacy, can significantly reduce brand value and have a negative impact on our financial results. Our information technology systems also contain proprietary and other confidential information related to our business, such as business plans, product development initiatives and designs. We believe we have built an excellent reputation globally for the quality of our products, for delivery of a consistently positive consumer experience and for our corporate social responsibility programs. We continue to evolve our product lineup to include more local or smaller suppliers for some of our products who may not have as rigorous quality and safety systems and protocols as larger or more national suppliers. Our success depends substantially on the value of our brands and failure to preserve their value, either through our actions or those of our business partners, could have a negative impact on our financial results. We may not be successful in implementing important strategic initiatives or effectively managing growth, which may have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. We are increasingly dependent on the success of certain international markets in order to achieve our growth targets. Our future growth increasingly depends on the growth and sustained profitability of certain international markets.