We rely on our information technology environment and certain critical databases, systems and applications to support key product and service offerings. We believe we have appropriate policies, processes and internal controls to ensure the stability of our information technology, provide security from unauthorized access to our systems and maintain business continuity, but our business could be subject to significant disruption and our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by unanticipated system failures, data corruption or unauthorized access to our systems. We make significant investments in information technology data centers and other technology initiatives and we cannot provide assurances that such investments will result in increased revenues. Our ability to deliver our products and services electronically may be impaired due to infrastructure or network failures, malicious or defective software, human error, natural disasters, service outages at third-party internet providers or increased government regulation. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential, sensitive and other types of data and information in our computer systems and networks and those of our third-party vendors. The cyber risks the company faces range from cyber-attacks common to most industries, to more sophisticated and targeted attacks intended to obtain unauthorized access to certain information or systems. Unauthorized disclosure of this information could cause our customers to lose faith in our ability to protect their confidential information and therefore cause customers to cease doing business with us. Breaches of our or our vendors' systems and networks, whether from circumvention of security systems, denial-of-service attacks or other cyber-attacks, hacking, computer viruses or malware, employee error, malfeasance, physical breaches or other actions, may cause material interruptions or malfunctions in our or such vendors' websites, applications or data processing, or may compromise the confidentiality and integrity of material information regarding us, our business or our customers. We utilize certain data provided by third-party data sources in a variety of ways, including large volumes of data from certain stock exchanges around the world. Our ability to produce our products and develop new products is dependent upon the products of other suppliers, including certain data, software and service suppliers. Our major expenditures include employee compensation and capital investments. We offer competitive salary and benefit packages in order to attract and retain the quality employees required to grow and expand our businesses. Our businesses are subject to the potential for increased regulation in the U.S. and abroad, which can increase our costs of doing business globally and therefore could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. The financial services industry is highly regulated, rapidly evolving and subject to the potential for increasing regulation in the United States, Europe and elsewhere. We continuously review the latest information available and assess our ability to predict the outcome of such matters and the effects, if any, on our consolidated financial condition, cash flows, business and competitive position, which may require that we record liabilities in the consolidated financial statements in future periods. Our ability to attract and retain customers is affected by external perceptions of our brand and reputation. Negative perceptions or publicity could damage our reputation with customers, prospects and the public generally, which could negatively impact, among other things, our ability to attract and retain customers, employees and suppliers, as well as suitable candidates for acquisition or other combinations.