The large size and scale of our operations, our multiple banners and locations in the U.S., Canada, Europe, and Australia, and the autonomy afforded to the banners in some aspects of the business increase the risk that our systems, controls, practices, and policies will not be implemented effectively or consistently throughout our company and that information may not be appropriately shared across our operations. These risks may increase as we continue to grow, particularly as we expand into additional countries. If business information is not shared effectively, or if we are otherwise unable to manage our size or growth effectively, we may operate with decreased operational efficiency, may need to reduce our rate of expansion of one or more operations, or otherwise curtail growth in one or more markets, which may adversely affect our success in executing our business goals and adversely impact our sales and results. We rely extensively on various information systems, including data centers, telecommunications systems, hardware, and software and applications to manage many aspects of our business, including to process and record transactions in our stores, to enable effective communication systems, to source, plan and track inventory, to manage logistics, to generate performance and financial reports, to comply with regulatory requirements and to operate our e-commerce sites. Supporting these internal and external systems requires effective and qualified teams. Our information systems, and the third-party systems we rely on, are also subject to damage or interruption from various causes, including power outages, system failures, computer viruses or malware, security breaches, cyber-attacks, catastrophic events, and design or usage errors by our associates, contractors, or third-party service providers on which we rely. Although we seek to maintain our systems effectively, manage our team of internal and third-party resources effectively, and successfully address the risk of compromises of the integrity, security, and consistent operations of our systems, we may not be successful in doing so. Our approach to disaster recovery may not be adequate, and any compromises, interruptions, or shutdowns of our systems could lead to delays in our business operations and, if significant or extreme, affect our results of operations. We modify, update, and replace our systems and infrastructure from time to time, including by adding new hardware, software, and applications; maintaining, updating, or replacing legacy programs; converting to global systems; integrating new service providers; and adding enhanced or new functionality. There are inherent risks associated with implementing, modifying, or replacing systems, including accurately capturing and maintaining data, efficiently testing and implementing changes in a timely manner, realizing the expected benefit of the change, and managing the potential disruption of the operation of the systems. Our substantial size imposes demands on effectively managing our complex operations and maintaining appropriate internal resources and third-party providers to support our business effectively. These demands may increase as we grow our business, adding pressure to management and various functions across our business, including administration, systems, merchandising, store operations, distribution, and compliance. Our growth strategy includes successfully expanding our off-price model within our current markets and into new geographic regions, product lines, businesses, and channels, which requires effective management of our information technology capabilities to support these initiatives. Failure to operate information systems and implement new technologies effectively could disrupt our business or reduce our sales or profitability.