We rely on information technology in all aspects of our business. If we do not have sufficient capital to acquire new technology or if we are unable to develop or implement new technology such as positive train control (PTC) or the latest version of our transportation control systems, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage within the rail industry and with companies providing other modes of transportation service, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. Additionally, if a cyber attack or other event causes significant disruption or failure of one or more of our information technology systems, including computer hardware, software, and communications equipment, we could suffer a significant service interruption, safety failure, security breach, or other operational difficulties, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. We will continue using and expanding the deployment of total safety culture and courage to care throughout our operations, which allows us to identify and implement best practices for employee and operational safety. We expect our capital plan to be approximately $3.1 billion, which may be revised if business conditions or the regulatory environment affect our ability to generate sufficient returns on these investments. Significant investments in technology improvements are planned, including approximately $300 million for PTC. Our annual capital plan is a critical component of our long-term strategic plan. We expect our plan will enhance the long-term value of the company for our shareholders by providing sufficient resources to replace and improve our existing track infrastructure to provide safe and fluid operations, increase network efficiency by adding or improving facilities and track, and make investments that meet customer demand and take advantage of opportunities for long-term growth. We face competition from other railroads and other transportation providers. In addition to price competition, we face competition with respect to transit times and quality and reliability of service. We must build or acquire and maintain our rail system, while trucks, barges, and maritime operators are able to use public rights-of-way maintained by public entities. Any future improvements or expenditures materially increasing the quality or reducing the cost of alternative modes of transportation, or legislation that eliminates or significantly reduces the burden of the size or weight limitations currently applicable to motor carriers, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. We continue to improve our transportation plan, add capacity, improve operations at our yards and other facilities, and improve our ability to address surges in demand for any reason with adequate resources. We cannot be sure that these measures will fully or adequately address any service shortcomings resulting from demand exceeding our planned capacity. We transport certain hazardous materials and other materials that pose certain risks in the event of a release or combustion. A rail accident or other incident or accident on our network, at our facilities, or at the facilities of our customers involving the release or combustion of hazardous materials could involve significant costs and claims for personal injury, property damage, and environmental penalties and remediation in excess of our insurance coverage for these risks, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. We are subject to significant governmental regulation, and our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on us. We are subject to various claims and lawsuits that could result in significant expenditures. We are also subject to significant environmental laws and regulations concerning emissions to the air; discharges to waters; handling, storage, transportation, disposal of waste and other materials; and hazardous material or petroleum releases.