We rely on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities. Our information technology systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components thereof, power outages, hardware failures, computer viruses, attacks by computer hackers, malicious insiders, telecommunication failures, user errors or catastrophic events. The continued deployment of technology improvements, including several facility automation projects and the accelerated deployment of our on-road integrated optimization and navigation system, should continue to increase our network capacity and improve operational efficiency, flexibility, and reliability. We have made significant capital investments in technology, which includes expenditures for information technology to support both our existing business and anticipated growth. The growth in e-commerce and omni-channel retail sales has driven package volume demand for residential products, and our products most aligned with business-to-consumer shipments have experienced the strongest growth. The deployment of our technology has contained the growth of average daily vehicle miles driven, and the increased redirect of surepost volume to optimize delivery density on our vehicles has reduced delivery costs for business-to-consumer shipments. Our information technology systems are critical for managing customer relationships and operational processes, and any significant privacy breach or IT system disruption could adversely affect our business, requiring increased spending on data and system security. We have continued to utilize newly expanded operating facilities to improve time-in-transit for shipments in each region, which is part of our strategy to enhance operational efficiency and respond to changing market dynamics. The impact of new laws, regulations, and policies may alter the landscape in which we do business and affect our costs of doing business, including compliance with new security requirements that could impose substantial costs on us. Our business is subject to complex and stringent regulation, and any failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations could result in substantial fines or possible revocation of our authority to conduct operations. We have faced challenges related to the integration of technology and operational processes, and the effectiveness of our IT capabilities is essential for maintaining competitive advantage in the transportation industry. As we continue to adapt to changing economic conditions and competitive pressures, our ability to leverage IT resources and capabilities will be crucial for achieving operational flexibility and enhancing business performance. The evolving nature of our IT capabilities underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities to further organizational goals.