Our competitive position and results of operations could be harmed if we do not compete effectively. The markets for our products and services are characterized by intense competition, disruptive technology developments, and evolving distribution models. Any of these factors could create downward pressure on pricing and gross margins and could adversely affect our renewal and upsell and cross-sell rates, as well as our ability to attract new customers. Our future success will depend on our continued ability to enhance and integrate our existing products and services, introduce new products and services in a timely and cost-effective manner, meet changing customer expectations and needs, and anticipate emerging standards and technological developments. The process of developing and acquiring new technology products and services and enhancing existing offerings is complex, costly, and uncertain. If we fail to anticipate customers' rapidly changing needs and expectations or adapt to emerging technological trends, our market share and results of operations could suffer. We must make long-term investments, develop, acquire or obtain appropriate intellectual property, and commit significant resources before knowing whether our predictions will accurately reflect customer demand for our products and services. Any delay in the development, acquisition, marketing, or launch of a new offering or enhancement to an existing offering could result in customer attrition or impede our ability to attract new customers, causing a decline in our revenue, earnings, or stock price and weakening our competitive position. Our business relies on hardware and services that are hosted, managed, and controlled directly by us or third-party service providers. We do not have redundancy for all of our systems, and our disaster recovery planning may not account for all eventualities. If our business relationship with a third-party provider of hosting or content delivery services is negatively affected, we might not be able to deliver the corresponding hosted offerings to our customers, which could subject us to reputational harm and cause us to lose customers and future business. Security breaches in data centers we manage, or third parties manage on our behalf, may compromise the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of employee and customer data, which could expose us to liability and adversely affect our reputation and business. A disruption, infiltration, or failure of these systems or third-party hosted services in the event of a major earthquake, fire, flood, or other catastrophic event could cause system interruptions, reputational harm, delays in our product development, and loss of critical data. Our corporate headquarters and critical business operations are located in areas vulnerable to climate change effects, which have the potential to disrupt our business and may cause us to experience higher attrition, losses, and additional costs to maintain or resume operations. We believe that a critical contributor to our success has been our corporate culture, which fosters innovation, teamwork, and employee satisfaction. However, as we grow, we may find it difficult to maintain important aspects of our corporate culture, which could negatively affect our ability to retain and recruit personnel essential to our future success. Our ability to collect and report data may be delayed or interrupted by various factors, including access to the internet, the failure of our network or software systems, security breaches, or significant variability in visitor traffic on customer websites. If we fail to plan infrastructure capacity appropriately and experience a rapid and significant demand on our data centers, service outages could occur, subjecting us to regulatory and customer notification requirements and financial liabilities.