The events and consequences discussed in these risk factors could, in circumstances we may or may not be able to accurately predict, recognize, or control, have a material adverse effect on our business, growth, reputation, prospects, financial condition, operating results, cash flows, liquidity, and stock price. Our operations could also be affected by factors, events, or uncertainties that are not presently known to us or that we currently do not consider to present significant risks to our operations. The complexity of the current scale of our business can place significant strain on our management, personnel, operations, systems, technical performance, financial resources, and internal financial control and reporting functions, and our expansion increases these factors. Failure to manage growth effectively could damage our reputation, limit our growth, and negatively affect our operating results. We may have limited or no experience in our newer market segments, and our customers may not adopt our product or service offerings. Our revenue growth may not be sustainable, and our percentage growth rates may decrease. Our sales and operating results will also fluctuate for many reasons, including our ability to retain and increase sales to existing customers, attract new customers, and satisfy our customers' demands. We face risks related to successfully optimizing and operating our fulfillment network and data centers. Failures to adequately predict customer demand or otherwise optimize and operate our fulfillment network and data centers successfully from time to time result in excess or insufficient fulfillment or data center capacity, increased costs, and impairment charges, any of which could materially harm our business. Our international operations expose us to a number of risks, including local economic and political conditions, government regulation, and compliance with various laws. The inability to hire, train, retain, and manage sufficient required personnel may limit our international growth. We face risks related to system interruption and lack of redundancy. We experience occasional system interruptions and delays that make our websites and services unavailable or slow to respond and prevent us from efficiently accepting or fulfilling orders or providing services to third parties, which may reduce our net sales and the attractiveness of our products and services. Our systems are not fully redundant, and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient. We face significant inventory risk that may adversely affect our operating results as a result of seasonality, new product launches, rapid changes in product cycles and pricing, and changes in consumer demand and spending patterns. We regularly assess the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting from these proceedings to determine the adequacy of our tax accruals. We are subject to a variety of taxes and tax collection obligations in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Our supplier relationships subject us to a number of risks, including decisions by our current suppliers to stop selling or licensing merchandise, content, components, or services to us on acceptable terms, or delay delivery. The protection of our intellectual property requires the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources. We are subject to claims and legal proceedings regarding alleged infringement by us of the intellectual property rights of third parties. We face risks related to successfully optimizing and operating our fulfillment network and data centers, and any of these events could damage our reputation and be expensive to remedy.