An investment in our common stock or debt securities involves risks and uncertainties, and our actual results and future trends may differ materially from our past or projected future performance. The grounding of the 737 max fleet has created significant uncertainty and has adversely impacted our operations. We are focused on safely returning the 737 max to service, which involves developing software updates and associated pilot training programs. The suspension of production and the gradual resumption at low production rates will result in abnormal production costs, which will be expensed when incurred rather than inventoried. Our ability to deliver aircraft on time and satisfy regulatory and customer requirements is subject to significant risks, including operational challenges impacting the production system for our commercial aircraft programs. We must minimize disruption caused by production changes and achieve productivity improvements to meet customer demand and maintain profitability. The commercial aircraft market is predominantly driven by long-term trends in airline passenger and cargo traffic, with demand influenced by airline profitability, availability of aircraft financing, and global economic conditions. Significant deterioration in the global economic environment or financial stability of major customers could result in fewer new orders or cause customers to seek to postpone or cancel contractual orders. The complexity of our commercial aircraft production system requires extensive coordination and integration with suppliers, and operational issues could result in production delays or failure to meet customer demand. We are also subject to risks related to the performance and financial stability of our subcontractors and suppliers, as well as the availability of raw materials. Our commercial airplanes business depends on maintaining a healthy production system and achieving planned production rate targets. We are focused on leveraging our core businesses to capture key next-generation programs while expanding our presence in adjacent and international markets. The introduction of new aircraft programs involves increased risks associated with meeting development, testing, production, and certification schedules. Our strategy includes finding new ways to improve efficiency and quality to provide a fair return for our shareholders. We are also monitoring the global trade environment for changes that may impact the company, as well as the impact of tariffs and trade agreements. The ongoing uncertainty with respect to U.S. defense spending levels and the nature of the threat environment emphasizes the need for adaptability in our strategic response. We continue to seek opportunities to reduce costs and optimize how we manage inventory, which is essential for maintaining operational flexibility. Our ability to adjust successfully to changing acquisition policies and market conditions is critical for sustaining our competitive advantage and ensuring organizational resilience in the face of external pressures and disruptive events.