Our operating results may fluctuate in future periods, which may adversely affect our stock price. These fluctuations are a result of numerous factors, some of which may contribute to more pronounced fluctuations in an uncertain global economic environment. The global macroeconomic environment has been challenging and inconsistent, with instability in the global credit markets and geopolitical uncertainties potentially impacting our business, operating results, and financial condition. We have been investing and expect to continue to invest in key priority and growth areas, while also focusing on maintaining leadership in infrastructure platforms and services. However, the return on these investments may be lower or develop more slowly than expected, which could adversely affect our operating results. Our ability to meet financial expectations could also be adversely affected if nonlinear sales patterns recur in future periods. We have experienced periods of time during which shipments have exceeded net bookings or manufacturing issues have delayed shipments, leading to nonlinearity in shipping patterns that can increase costs and impair our ability to manage parts inventory effectively. We continue to assess the sustainability of improvements in our business in emerging countries, where we have experienced declines in product orders. Trust and confidence in us as an IT supplier is critical to the development and growth of our markets, and impairment of that trust could adversely affect demand for our products. Our revenue for a particular period is difficult to predict, especially in light of a challenging and inconsistent global macroeconomic environment and related market uncertainty. We must manage inventory relating to sales to our distributors effectively, as inventory held by them could affect our results of operations. Our efforts to improve manufacturing lead-time performance may result in more variability and less predictability in our revenue and operating results. We have experienced longer than normal lead times in the past and have generally secured additional supply or taken other mitigation actions when significant disruptions have occurred. Our growth and ability to meet customer demands depend in part on our ability to obtain timely deliveries of parts from our suppliers and contract manufacturers. We may not be able to secure enough components at reasonable prices or of acceptable quality to build new products in a timely manner. Our operating results would also be adversely affected if we commit to the purchase of more components than we need, which is more likely to occur in periods of demand uncertainties. We are exposed to fluctuations in the market values of our portfolio investments and in interest rates, and impairment of our investments could harm our earnings. We are also exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates that could negatively impact our financial results and cash flows. Our business and operations are especially subject to the risks of earthquakes, floods, and other natural catastrophic events, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Cyber-attacks, data breaches, or malware may disrupt our operations and harm our operating results and financial condition. The continued threat of terrorism and heightened security measures may create further uncertainties or materially harm our business. We must effectively manage our strategic alliances to realize expected benefits and avoid increased competition or delays in product development. Our stock price may be volatile, and significant judgment is required in evaluating our uncertain tax positions and determining our provision for income taxes. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from tax examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes.