Given the size and complexity of the F-35 program, we anticipate that there will be continual reviews related to aircraft performance, program schedule, cost, and requirements as part of the Department of Defense, congressional, and international partner countries' oversight and budgeting processes. Our operating cycle is primarily long term and involves many types of contracts for the design, development, and manufacture of products and related activities with varying delivery schedules. Consequently, the results of operations of a particular year, or year-to-year comparisons of sales and profits, may not be indicative of future operating results. We regularly provide customers with reports of our costs as the contract progresses. The cost information in the reports is accumulated in a manner specified by the requirements of each contract. For example, cost data provided to a customer for a product would typically align to the subcomponents of that product and for services would align to the type of work being performed. Our contracts generally allow for the recovery of costs in the pricing of our products and services. Most of our contracts are bid and negotiated with our customers under circumstances in which we are required to disclose our estimated total costs to provide the product or service. This approach for negotiating contracts with our U.S. government customers generally allows for recovery of our actual costs plus a reasonable profit margin. We also may enter into long-term supply contracts for certain materials or components to coincide with the production schedule of certain products and to ensure their availability at known unit prices. We have a number of programs that are designated as classified by the U.S. government which cannot be specifically described. The operating results of these classified programs are included in our consolidated and business segment results and are subjected to the same oversight and internal controls as our other programs. We recognize revenue as performance obligations are satisfied and the customer obtains control of the products and services. In determining when performance obligations are satisfied, we consider factors such as contract terms, payment terms, and whether there is an alternative future use of the product or service. Substantially all of our revenue is recognized over time as we perform under the contract because control of the work in process transfers continuously to the customer. For most contracts with the U.S. government and foreign military sales contracts, this continuous transfer of control of the work in process to the customer is supported by clauses in the contract that give the customer ownership of work in process and allow the customer to unilaterally terminate the contract for convenience and pay us for costs incurred plus a reasonable profit. We have generated strong operating cash flows, which have been the primary source of funding for our operations, capital expenditures, debt service and repayments, dividends, share repurchases, and postretirement benefit plan contributions. We expect our cash from operations will continue to be sufficient to support our operations and anticipated capital expenditures for the foreseeable future. We also have access to credit markets, if needed, for liquidity or general corporate purposes, and letters of credit to support customer advance payments and for other trade finance purposes such as guaranteeing our performance on particular contracts. We continually evaluate the recoverability of our assets for the portion of environmental costs that are probable of future recovery by assessing, among other factors, U.S. government regulations, our U.S. government business base and contract mix, our history of receiving reimbursement of such costs, and efforts by some U.S. government representatives to limit such reimbursement. Environmental remediation activities usually span many years, which makes estimating liabilities a matter of judgment because of uncertainties with respect to assessing the extent of the contamination as well as such factors as changing remediation technologies and changing regulatory environmental standards.