Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If we fail to retain existing users or add new users, or if our users decrease their level of engagement with our products, our revenue, financial results, and business may be significantly harmed. The size of our user base and our users' level of engagement are critical to our success. Our financial performance has been and will continue to be significantly determined by our success in adding, retaining, and engaging active users of our products. If people do not perceive our products to be useful, reliable, and trustworthy, we may not be able to attract or retain users or otherwise maintain or increase the frequency and duration of their engagement. A number of factors can negatively affect user retention, growth, and engagement, including if users increasingly engage with other competitive products or services, or if we fail to introduce new features, products, or services that users find engaging. Our user engagement patterns have changed over time, and user engagement can be difficult to measure, particularly as we introduce new and different products and services. If we are unable to maintain or increase our user base and user engagement, our revenue and financial results may be adversely affected. We generate substantially all of our revenue from advertising. The loss of marketers, or reduction in spending by marketers, could seriously harm our business. Our advertising revenue can also be adversely affected by a number of other factors, including decreases in user engagement, our inability to maintain or increase marketer demand, and changes mandated by legislation or regulatory authorities. Our user growth, engagement, and monetization on mobile devices depend upon effective operation with mobile operating systems, networks, technologies, products, and standards that we do not control. We are dependent on the interoperability of Facebook and our other products with popular mobile operating systems, networks, technologies, products, and standards that we do not control. Any changes, bugs, or technical issues in such systems could adversely affect the usage of Facebook or our other products and monetization on mobile devices. Our business is highly competitive, and competition presents an ongoing threat to the success of our business. We compete with companies that sell advertising, as well as with companies that provide social, media, and communication products and services that are designed to engage users on mobile devices and online. We believe that our ability to compete effectively depends upon many factors both within and beyond our control, including the popularity, usefulness, ease of use, performance, and reliability of our products compared to our competitors' products. Our ability to attract, retain, and motivate talented employees is critical to our success. The loss of one or more of our key personnel, or our failure to attract and retain other highly qualified personnel in the future, could harm our business. Our business is subject to complex and evolving U.S. and foreign laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection, content, competition, consumer protection, and other matters. These laws and regulations are constantly evolving and can be subject to significant change. If we are unable to successfully implement and comply with the mandates of regulatory or legislative requirements, we may be subject to regulatory or governmental investigations or lawsuits, which may result in significant monetary fines, judgments, or other penalties. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our users is dependent upon the reliable performance of our products and our underlying technical infrastructure. We have in the past experienced, and may in the future experience, interruptions in the availability or performance of our products. Our systems may not be adequately designed or may not operate with the reliability and redundancy necessary to avoid performance delays or outages that could be harmful to our business.