Our operations could also be affected by other factors that are presently unknown to us or not considered significant. Many factors may result in a reduction of our output or a delay in ramping production, which could lead to underutilization of our production assets. These factors may include, among others, a weak demand environment, industry oversupply, inventory surpluses, declining selling prices, and changes in supply agreements. A significant portion of our manufacturing costs are fixed and do not vary proportionally with changes in production output. As a result, lower utilization and increases in our per gigabit manufacturing costs may adversely affect our gross margins, business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our business and the markets we serve are subject to rapid technological changes and material fluctuations in demand based on end-user preferences. As a result, we may have work in process or finished goods inventories that could become obsolete or in amounts that are in excess of our customers' demand. Our inability to maintain or improve gross margins could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We face intense competition in the semiconductor memory and storage markets from a number of companies, including large corporations or conglomerates that may have greater resources to invest in technology, capitalize on growth opportunities, and withstand downturns in the semiconductor markets in which we compete. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flows or obtain access to external financing necessary to fund our operations, make scheduled debt payments, and make adequate capital investments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We have experienced volatility in our cash flows and operating results and may continue to experience such volatility in the future, which may negatively affect our credit rating. Our credit rating may also be affected by our liquidity, financial results, economic risk, or other factors, which may increase the cost of future borrowings and make it difficult for us to obtain financing on terms acceptable to us. We may also incur increases in manufacturing costs and supply chain risks due to our efforts to mitigate the impact of tariffs on our customers and our operations. If production is disrupted for any reason, manufacturing yields may be adversely affected, or we may be unable to meet our customers' requirements and they may purchase products from other suppliers. This could result in a significant increase in manufacturing costs, loss of revenues, or damage to customer relationships, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. A downturn in the worldwide economy may harm our business. Adverse economic conditions affect demand for devices that incorporate our products, such as personal computers, mobile devices, SSDs, and servers. Reduced demand for these products could result in significant decreases in our average selling prices and product sales. Difficult economic conditions may also result in a higher rate of losses on our accounts receivables due to credit defaults. Our operations are dependent on our ability to procure advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment that enables the transition to lower cost manufacturing processes. Our inability to obtain advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We have entered into strategic relationships to develop new manufacturing process technologies and products. Our joint ventures and strategic relationships are subject to various risks that could adversely affect the value of our investments and our results of operations, including limited control over the operations of our joint ventures and the inability of our partners to meet their commitments to us or our joint ventures.