We operate in rapidly changing economic and technological environments that present numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Our success depends upon our ability to develop new products and services, integrate acquired products and services, and enhance our existing products and services. If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, enhance and improve our product offerings and support services in a timely manner, or position and price our products and services to meet demand, customers may not purchase or subscribe to our offerings. We have continued to refresh and release new offerings of our cloud products and services, including the launch of the Oracle Autonomous Data Warehouse Cloud Service, which offers automation based on machine learning and guarantees reduced customer downtime. However, if these products do not perform as promised, our business and reputation may be harmed. Our business may be adversely affected if we do not continue to develop and release new or enhanced products and services within the anticipated time frames, or if there is a delay in market acceptance of new offerings. We provide our cloud and other offerings to customers worldwide via deployment models that best suit their needs, including cloud-based offerings. As these business models continue to evolve, we may not be able to compete effectively or maintain the profitability of our cloud offerings. We have also acquired a number of cloud computing companies, and the integration of these companies into our Oracle Cloud strategy may not be as efficient or scalable as anticipated, which could adversely affect our ability to fully realize the benefits anticipated from these acquisitions. Errors in our cloud, license, and hardware offerings could affect their ability to function properly, integrate with other offerings, or create security vulnerabilities. We rely on our products and services to run our business operations, and any flaws could affect our ability to conduct business operations and ensure accuracy in financial processes. We have invested significant resources in protecting the integrity and security of our products and services. However, we face risks from third parties attempting to exploit vulnerabilities, which could lead to unauthorized access to our systems and data. The increasing prevalence of cloud and SaaS delivery models may unfavorably impact the pricing of our offerings. Our operations are subject to various risks, including economic, political, and market conditions that can adversely affect our business and financial condition. Our selective and active acquisition program is an important element of our corporate strategy, but acquisitions present risks that may disrupt our ongoing business and divert management's attention. We may face difficulties in managing acquired companies or technologies, and we may not realize the anticipated benefits from acquisitions. Our workforce restructurings can be disruptive, and we may not achieve the expected growth or cost savings benefits. We rely on hiring qualified employees and the continued service of our senior management, and competition for skilled personnel can affect our ability to retain and motivate employees. Changes in government procurement policies and budgetary constraints may also impact our ability to grow in the government sector. Our business practices with respect to data could give rise to operational interruptions, liabilities, or reputational harm. Compliance with evolving laws and regulations regarding data privacy and protection is increasingly complex and could adversely affect our operations. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities will be sufficient to meet our working capital and contractual obligations, but we cannot provide certainty regarding future cash flows or the timing of payments.