We discuss our expectations regarding future performance, events, and outcomes, such as our business outlook and objectives in this form 10-K, quarterly and annual reports, press releases, and other written and oral communications. Our business is subject to numerous risks as a result of our having significant operations and sales in international markets, including foreign currency fluctuations, currency exchange or pricing controls, and localized volatility. Our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted if we are unable to successfully manage such controls and restrictions, continue existing business operations, and repatriate earnings from overseas, or if new or increased tariffs, quotas, exchange or price controls, trade barriers, or similar restrictions are imposed on our business. Additionally, our business, operations, or employees may be adversely affected by political volatility, labor market disruptions, or other crises or vulnerabilities in individual countries or regions, including political instability or upheaval, broad economic instability, or sovereign risk related to a default by or deterioration in the creditworthiness of local governments, particularly in emerging markets. Uncertain global economic conditions may adversely impact demand for our products or cause our customers and other business partners to suffer financial hardship, which could adversely impact our business. Our ability to meet our customers' needs and achieve cost targets depends on our ability to maintain key manufacturing and supply arrangements, including execution of supply chain optimizations and certain sole supplier or sole manufacturing plant arrangements. The loss or disruption of such manufacturing and supply arrangements could interrupt product supply and, if not effectively managed and remedied, have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Our ability to achieve our business objectives is dependent on how well we can compete with our local and global competitors in new and existing markets and channels. The consumer products industry is highly competitive, and we experience ongoing competitive pressures in the environments in which we operate, which may result in challenges in maintaining profit margins. To address these challenges, we must be able to successfully respond to competitive factors and emerging retail trends, including pricing, promotional incentives, product delivery windows, and trade terms. Our success is dependent on our ability to successfully manage relationships with our retail trade customers, which includes our ability to offer trade terms that are mutually acceptable and aligned with our pricing and profitability targets. We must successfully manage compliance with laws and regulations, as well as manage new and pending legal and regulatory matters in the U.S. and abroad. Our business is subject to a wide variety of laws and regulations across the countries in which we do business, including those laws and regulations involving intellectual property, product liability, product composition or formulation, packaging content or disposability, marketing, antitrust, data protection, environmental, employment, anti-bribery, anti-corruption, tax, accounting, and financial reporting or other matters. Rapidly changing laws, regulations, policies, and related interpretations create challenges for the company, including our compliance and ethics programs, and may alter the environment in which we do business. The company has undertaken an effort to focus and strengthen its business portfolio to compete in categories and with brands that are structurally attractive and that play to P&G's strengths. We must be able to successfully manage the impacts of acquisition, joint venture, and divestiture activities while delivering against our business objectives. Our financial results depend on our ability to successfully manage productivity improvements and ongoing organizational change. Factors that may affect our ability to attract and retain sufficient numbers of qualified employees include employee morale, our reputation, competition from other employers, and availability of qualified personnel.