We face a variety of risks that may affect our operations, financial results, or stock price, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Developments in the business, economic, and geopolitical environment could negatively impact our business. Our operations are highly dependent on the integrity and resilience of our critical business functions and technology systems. To minimize business interruptions and ensure the capacity to continue operations during an incident, Schwab maintains a backup and recovery infrastructure, which includes facilities for backup and communications, a geographically dispersed workforce, and routine testing of business continuity and disaster recovery plans. Despite our efforts to identify areas of risk and implement risk management policies and procedures, there can be no assurance that Schwab will not suffer unexpected losses due to these risks. Our risk management process is comprised of risk identification and assessment, risk measurement, risk monitoring and reporting, and risk mitigation controls. We have established risk metrics and reporting that enable measurement of the impact of strategy execution against risk appetite. The global risk committee is responsible for the oversight of risk management, including identifying emerging risks and assessing risk management practices. Schwab's operations are vulnerable to disruptions from human error, execution errors, technological failure, cyber attacks, and natural disasters. We continuously monitor the systems and work collaboratively with government agencies, law enforcement, and other financial institutions to address potential threats. Our business involves the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential information about our clients and us. Information security risks for financial institutions are increasing, and our systems have been and are likely to continue to be the target of cyber attacks. We have designed and implemented an information security program to protect systems, client accounts, and data. Schwab manages fraud risk through policies, procedures, and controls. We also face operational risk when employing the services of various third parties. We manage the exposure to third-party risk and promote a culture of resiliency through contractual provisions, control standards, ongoing monitoring of third-party performance, and appropriate testing. Our capital management incorporates preparations for closing the USAA-IMCO transaction, including the allocation of capital to support client cash that will be added to our balance sheet. Schwab conducts regular capital stress testing to assess the potential financial impacts of various adverse macroeconomic and company-specific events. The objective of the capital stress testing is to explore various potential outcomes, including rare and extreme events, and to assess impacts of potential stressful outcomes on both capital and liquidity. We have a comprehensive capital contingency plan to provide action plans for certain low probability/high impact capital events. Our liquidity policies support the successful execution of business strategies while ensuring ongoing and sufficient liquidity to meet operational needs. We seek to maintain client confidence in the balance sheet and the safety of client assets by maintaining liquidity and diversity of funding sources. We conduct regular liquidity stress testing to develop a consolidated view of liquidity risk exposures and to ensure our ability to maintain sufficient liquidity during market-related or company-specific liquidity stress events.