We have experienced in the past, and may experience in the future, delays or other complications in the design, manufacture, launch, and production ramp of our vehicles, energy products, and product features, which could harm our brand, business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. Bottlenecks such as those we have experienced in the past with new product ramps and other unexpected challenges may also arise as we ramp production, and it will be important that we address them promptly while continuing to reduce our manufacturing costs. In order to be successful, we will need to implement, maintain, and/or ramp efficient and cost-effective manufacturing capabilities, processes, and supply chains and achieve the design tolerances, high quality, and maximum output rates we have planned. Our future business depends in large part on the high-volume production of Model 3 and Model Y, which we believe are our vehicles with the largest markets. We continuously evaluate, and as appropriate evolve, our retail operations and product offerings in order to maximize our reach and optimize our costs, vehicle line-up, and model differentiation. However, there is no guarantee that each step in our evolving strategy will be perceived as intended by prospective customers accustomed to more traditional sales models. If we experience issues with our ongoing manufacturing process improvements and cost-down efforts, we could face delays in establishing and/or sustaining our Model 3 and Model Y ramps or be unable to meet our related cost and profitability targets. Our success will depend on our ability to continue to significantly increase sales, deliveries, installations, and servicing worldwide while allocating our available resources among multiple products simultaneously. We may also encounter delays with the design, construction, and regulatory or other approvals necessary to build and bring online future manufacturing facilities, including our planned Gigafactory Berlin in Germany. Any significant delay or other complication in the production ramp of our current products or the development, manufacture, launch, and production ramp of our future products, features, and services could materially damage our brand, business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. We are subject to a variety of legal, political, and regulatory requirements and social, environmental, and economic conditions over which we have little control. For example, we may be impacted by trade policies, environmental conditions, political uncertainty, and economic cycles involving geographic regions where we have significant operations, which are inherently unpredictable. We are dependent on our suppliers, the majority of which are single-source suppliers, and the inability of these suppliers to deliver necessary components of our products according to our schedule and at acceptable prices, quality levels, and volumes could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. We attempt to mitigate our supply chain risk by entering into long-term agreements where it is practical and beneficial to do so, including qualifying and obtaining components from multiple sources where sensible, and maintaining safety stock for key parts and assemblies. However, our limited, and in most cases single-source, supply chain exposes us to multiple potential sources of delivery failure or component shortages for our production. We may also experience increases in the cost of or a sustained interruption in the supply or shortage of materials, which could materially and negatively impact our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. Our business may be adversely affected by any disruptions caused by union activities, which can result in higher employee costs and increased risk of work stoppages. We may choose to or be compelled to undertake product recalls or take other similar actions, which could adversely affect our brand image and financial performance.