The following discussion addresses significant factors, events, and uncertainties that make an investment in our securities risky and provides important information for understanding our operations. We must manage fluctuating demand for our services and network capacity; if there are significant reductions in demand for rail services or changes in consumer preferences, we may experience increased costs associated with resizing our operations. We transport hazardous materials that pose certain risks in the event of a release or combustion, which could involve significant costs and claims for personal injury, property damage, and environmental penalties. We are subject to significant governmental regulation, and our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on us. Significant legislative activity could expand regulation of railroad operations, which may reduce capital spending on our rail network. Prolonged severe adverse economic conditions may affect the producers and consumers of the commodities we carry and could have a material adverse effect on our access to liquidity. We face competition from other transportation providers, and any future improvements or expenditures materially increasing the quality or reducing the cost of alternative modes of transportation could have a material adverse effect on our results. We rely on technology in all aspects of our business, and if we do not have sufficient capital to acquire new technology or implement improvements, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage. We are subject to cybersecurity risks, and while we devote significant resources to protect our technology systems, we continue to experience varying degrees of cyber incidents. We may be subject to various claims and lawsuits that could result in significant expenditures, and we are exposed to the potential for various claims and litigation related to labor and employment, personal injury, and environmental liability. We are subject to significant environmental laws and regulations, and environmental liabilities may arise from claims asserted by adjacent landowners or other third parties. Climate change could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, and restrictions on emissions could significantly increase our operating costs. Severe weather conditions expose us to significant business interruptions, and strikes or work stoppages could adversely affect our operations. Changes in demographics and the availability of qualified personnel could negatively affect our ability to meet demand for rail service. We rely on capital markets to provide some of our capital requirements, and significant instability or disruptions could restrict our access to financing sources. Our access to liquidity through capital markets is dependent on our financial stability, and deterioration of our operating results could negatively impact our ability to access capital markets. We expect to continue to implement initiatives to increase reliability of our service product, reduce variability in network operations, and improve resource utilization. Our capital plan includes investments intended to improve productivity and operational efficiency. We will continue to balance investment in our network infrastructure and terminal capacity, including new capacity investments designed to improve productivity and operational efficiency. The company's capital plan is a critical component of our long-term strategic plan, enhancing the long-term value of the company for our shareholders by providing sufficient resources to replace and improve existing track infrastructure.