We are subject to complex and evolving global regulations that could harm our business and financial results. The impact of these regulations on us, our clients, and other third parties could limit our ability to enforce our payments system rules; require us to adopt new rules or change existing rules; affect our existing contractual arrangements; increase our compliance costs; and reduce our revenue opportunities. Our compliance programs and policies are designed to support our compliance with a wide array of regulations and laws, and we continually enhance our compliance programs as regulations evolve. However, we cannot guarantee that our practices will be deemed compliant by all applicable regulatory authorities. The evolving and increased regulatory focus on the payments industry could negatively impact or reduce the number of products our clients issue, the volume of payments we process, our revenues, our brands, our competitive positioning, and our ability to use our intellectual property to differentiate our products and services. Increased scrutiny and regulation of the global payments industry could harm our business. We face intense competition in our industry, and as technology evolves, new competitors or methods of payment emerge, and existing clients and competitors assume different roles. Our products compete with cash, checks, electronic funds, virtual currency payments, and other domestic and closed-loop payments systems. We expect the competitive landscape to continue to shift and evolve, and we may not be able to foresee or respond sufficiently to emerging risks associated with new businesses, products, services, and practices. Our business relies on the processing of data in many jurisdictions and the movement of data across national borders. Legal requirements relating to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal data continue to evolve, and regulatory scrutiny in this area is increasing around the world. Significant uncertainty exists as privacy and data protection laws may be interpreted and applied differently from country to country and may create inconsistent or conflicting requirements. We depend on relationships with financial institutions, acquirers, processors, merchants, and other third parties. Our relationships with industry participants are complex and require us to balance the interests of multiple third parties. We engage in discussions with merchants, acquirers, and processors to provide incentives to promote routing preference and acceptance growth. Our success will increasingly depend on our ability to sustain and grow these relationships. We may not achieve the anticipated benefits of our acquisitions or strategic investments and may face risks and uncertainties as a result. We may be unable to attract, hire, and retain a highly qualified and diverse workforce, including key management. The talents and efforts of our employees, particularly our key management, are vital to our success. Failure to attract, hire, develop, motivate, and retain highly qualified and diverse employee talent could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business and our future success. Our business could be harmed if we are not able to maintain and enhance our brand, if events occur that have the potential to damage our brand or reputation, or if we experience brand disintermediation. Our brand is globally recognized and is a key asset of our business. We believe that our clients and account holders associate our brand with acceptance, security, convenience, speed, and reliability. Our success depends in large part on our ability to maintain the value of our brand and reputation of our products and services in the payments ecosystem.