The company's business, results of operations and financial condition depend substantially on the company's ability to continually improve its products and services to maintain their functional and design advantages. The company's operations and performance depend significantly on global and regional economic conditions and adverse economic conditions can materially adversely affect the company's business, results of operations and financial condition. The company's business and reputation are impacted by information technology system failures and network disruptions. The company and its global supply chain are exposed to information technology system failures or network disruptions caused by natural disasters, accidents, power disruptions, telecommunications failures, acts of terrorism or war, computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, ransomware or other cybersecurity incidents, or other events or disruptions. Such failures or disruptions can adversely impact the company's business by, among other things, preventing access to the company's online services, interfering with customer transactions or impeding the manufacturing and shipping of the company's products. The company has invested in manufacturing process equipment, much of which is held at certain of its outsourcing partners, and has made prepayments to certain of its suppliers associated with long-term supply agreements. The company's reliance on single-source outsourcing partners in the U.S., Asia and Europe to supply and manufacture many components, and on outsourcing partners primarily located in Asia for final assembly of substantially all of the company's hardware products, exposes the company to significant supply and pricing risks. The company's products and operating systems are subject to rapid technological change, and when third-party developers are unable to or choose not to keep up with this pace of change, their applications can fail to take advantage of these changes to deliver improved customer experiences and can operate incorrectly and can result in dissatisfied customers. The company's future performance depends in part on support from third-party software developers. The company believes decisions by customers to purchase its hardware products depend in part on the availability of third-party software applications and services. The company's business requires it to use and store confidential information, including personal information, with respect to the company's customers and employees. The company devotes significant resources to network and data security, including through the use of encryption and other security measures intended to protect its systems and data. However, these measures cannot provide absolute security, and losses or unauthorized access to or releases of confidential information occur and could materially adversely affect the company's business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. The company's business requires it to share confidential information with suppliers and other third parties. The company relies on global suppliers that are also exposed to ransomware and other malicious attacks that can disrupt business operations. The company has implemented systems and processes intended to secure its information technology systems and prevent unauthorized access to or loss of sensitive data and mitigate the impact of unauthorized access. The company's business is subject to a variety of U.S. and international laws, rules, policies and other obligations regarding data protection. Compliance with these laws and regulations is onerous and expensive, increasing the cost of conducting the company's global operations. The company believes that focused investments in research and development are critical to its future growth and competitive position in the marketplace, and to the development of new and updated products and services that are central to the company's core business strategy. The company's ability to compete successfully depends heavily on ensuring the continuing and timely introduction of innovative new products, services and technologies to the marketplace. The company must make significant investments in research and development, and there can be no assurance these investments will achieve expected returns.