Abbott depends on sophisticated information technology systems and maintains protected personal data, and a cyber attack or other breach affecting these information technology systems or protected data could have a material adverse effect on Abbott's results of operations. The size and complexity of the information technology systems on which Abbott relies for both its infrastructure and products makes them susceptible to a cyber attack, malicious intrusion, breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy, or other significant disruption. Abbott invests in its systems and technology and in the protection of its products and data to reduce the risk of an attack or other significant disruption, and monitors its systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats or vulnerabilities and for changes in technology and the regulatory environment. There can be no assurance that these measures and efforts will prevent future attacks or other significant disruptions to any of the systems on which Abbott relies or that related product issues will not arise in the future. Abbott's research and development efforts may not succeed in developing commercially successful products and technologies, which may cause Abbott's revenue and profitability to decline. To remain competitive, Abbott must continue to launch new products and technologies. Abbott commits substantial efforts, funds, and other resources to research and development, with a risk of failure inherent in the research and development of new products and technologies. Abbott must make ongoing substantial expenditures without any assurance that its efforts will be commercially successful. Abbott's ability to arrange additional financing or refinancing will depend on, among other factors, Abbott's financial position and performance, as well as prevailing market conditions and other factors beyond Abbott's control. Abbott's business is subject to risks associated with managing a global supply chain and doing business internationally. The international nature of Abbott's business subjects it to additional business risks that may cause its revenue and profitability to decline. Abbott's business strategy includes pursuing acquisitions, licensing arrangements, and strategic alliances, or disposing of or spinning off some of its businesses. Abbott's ability to integrate acquisitions successfully into its existing business or transition disposed businesses efficiently could incur or assume significant debt and unknown or contingent liabilities. Abbott's credit ratings reflect each credit rating agency's then opinion of Abbott's financial strength, operating performance, and ability to meet its debt obligations. Adverse changes in Abbott's credit ratings may result in increased borrowing costs for future long-term debt or short-term borrowing facilities and may limit financing options, including access to the unsecured borrowing market. Abbott's products are subject to rigorous regulation by the FDA and numerous international, supranational, federal, and state authorities. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals to market a drug, medical device, diagnostic product, or nutritional product can be costly and time-consuming, and approvals might not be granted for future products, or additional indications or uses of existing products, on a timely basis, if at all. Abbott's ability to comply with applicable FDA and other regulatory requirements once approval or marketing authorization has been obtained for a product is critical to its operations. Abbott's research and development programs focus on developing next-generation technologies, including advanced communication capabilities and leadless pacing therapies in cardiac rhythm management, and enhancing clinical performance and usability in heart failure. Abbott's diagnostics segment continues to commercialize next-generation blood and plasma screening, immunoassay, clinical chemistry, and hematology systems, along with assays, including a focus on unmet medical need, in various areas including infectious disease, cardiac care, metabolics, and oncology, as well as informatics solutions to help optimize diagnostics laboratory performance and automation solutions to increase efficiency in laboratories.