The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have materially affected how we and our customers are operating our businesses, and the duration and extent to which this will impact our future results of operations and overall financial performance remains uncertain. The conditions caused by the pandemic have affected the rate of IT spending and may in the future adversely affect our customers' ability or willingness to purchase our offerings. We have seen and may continue to see these conditions delay prospective customers' purchasing decisions, adversely impact our ability to provide on-site consulting services to our customers, result in extended payment terms, reduce the value or duration of their subscription contracts or affect attrition rates, all of which could adversely affect our future sales, operating results and overall financial performance. Our competitive position and results of operations could be harmed if we do not compete effectively. The markets for our products and services are characterized by intense competition, new industry standards, evolving distribution models, limited barriers to entry, disruptive technology developments, short product life cycles, customer price sensitivity, global market conditions and frequent product introductions. Any of these factors could create downward pressure on pricing and gross margins and could adversely affect our renewal and upsell and cross-sell rates, as well as our ability to attract new customers. Our future success will depend on our continued ability to enhance and integrate our existing products and services, introduce new products and services in a timely and cost-effective manner, meet changing customer expectations and needs, extend our core technology into new applications, and anticipate emerging standards, business models, software delivery methods and other technological developments. The introduction of new technology could harm our business and results of operations. The expectations and needs of technology consumers are constantly evolving. Our future success depends on a variety of factors, including our continued ability to innovate, introduce new products and services efficiently, enhance and integrate our products and services in a timely and cost-effective manner, extend our core technology into new applications, and anticipate emerging standards, business models, software delivery methods and other technological developments. Our ability to acquire other businesses or technologies, make strategic investments or integrate acquired businesses effectively may also be impaired by the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, government actions in light of the pandemic, trade tensions and increased global scrutiny of foreign investments. Our operations have also been negatively affected by a range of external factors related to the pandemic that are not within our control. We rely on data centers managed both by Adobe and third parties to host and deliver our services, as well as access, collect, process, use, transmit and store data. Any interruptions or delays in these hosted services, or failures in data collection or transmission could expose us to liability and harm our business and reputation. Security breaches in data centers we manage, or third parties manage on our behalf, may compromise the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of employee and customer data, which could expose us to liability and adversely affect our reputation and business. We devote significant resources to address security vulnerabilities through engineering more secure products, enhancing security and reliability features in our products and systems, conducting rigorous penetration tests, deploying updates to address security vulnerabilities, regularly reviewing our service providers' security controls, and improving our incident response time, but security vulnerabilities cannot be totally eliminated. If we do not make the appropriate level of investment in our technology systems or if our systems become out-of-date or obsolete and we are not able to deliver the quality of data security our customers require or that meet our independent security control certification requirements, our business could be adversely affected.