The risk factors described below represent our current view of some of the most important risks facing our businesses and are important to understanding our business. Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, some of which may cause our future results to be different than we currently anticipate. The failure to comply with privacy, data protection and cyber security laws and regulations could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations or financial condition, or have other adverse consequences. The collection, storage, hosting, transfer, processing, disclosure, use, security and retention and destruction of personal information required to provide our services is subject to federal, state and foreign privacy, data protection and cyber security laws. We believe that providing insights from data, including artificial intelligence and machine learning, will become increasingly important to the value that our solutions and services deliver to our customers. However, the ability to provide data-driven insights may be constrained by current or future regulatory requirements or ethical considerations that could restrict or impose burdensome and costly requirements on our ability to leverage data in innovative ways. Our businesses collect, host, store, transfer, process, disclose, use, secure and retain and dispose of personal and business information, and a security or privacy breach may damage or disrupt our businesses, result in the disclosure of confidential information, damage our reputation, increase our costs, cause losses and materially adversely affect our results of operations. We have programs and processes in place to prevent, detect and respond to data or cyber security incidents. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently, we may be unable or fail to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate or timely preventive or responsive measures. Our ability to address cyber security incidents may also depend on the timing and nature of assistance that may be provided from relevant governmental or law enforcement agencies. We rely heavily on our payroll, financial, accounting, and other data processing systems. We need to properly manage our systems, applications and solutions, and any upgrades, enhancements and expansions we may undertake from time to time, in order to ensure they properly support our businesses. If any of these systems, applications or solutions fails to operate properly or becomes disabled, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to clients, loss of clients, regulatory intervention or damage to our reputation. We have disaster recovery, business continuity, and crisis management plans and procedures designed to protect our businesses against a multitude of events. Despite our preparations, our plans and procedures may not be successful in preventing or mitigating the loss of client data, service interruptions, disruptions to our operations, or damage to our important facilities. Our business operates in industries that are subject to rapid technological advances and changing client needs and preferences. In order to remain competitive and responsive to client demands, we continually upgrade, enhance, and expand our technology, solutions and services. If we fail to respond successfully to technology challenges and client needs and preferences, the demand for our solutions and services may diminish. We must continue to dedicate a significant amount of resources to our development efforts before knowing to what extent our investments will result in products the market will accept. Our financial condition remains solid, and we remain well positioned to support our associates and our clients. We are committed to building upon our past successes by investing in our business through enhancements in research and development and by driving meaningful transformation in the way we operate.