A significant decrease in leasing demand for our communications infrastructure would materially and adversely affect our business and operating results, and we cannot control that demand. Factors that may affect such demand include increased mergers, consolidations or exits that reduce the number of communications service providers or increased use of network sharing among governments or communications service providers. The ability and willingness of wireless and cloud service providers to maintain or increase capital expenditures on network infrastructure is critical. Delays or changes in the deployment of next generation wireless technologies and technological changes could significantly impact our operational flexibility and market response. Our ongoing contractual revenues and future results may be negatively impacted if a significant number of these leases are terminated or not renewed. The integration of acquired or leased assets involves risks and uncertainties, including not meeting return on investment criteria and financial objectives, which depend on timely and efficient integration of operations and telecommunications infrastructure assets. Integration challenges include transitioning all data related to acquisitions to a common information technology system and maintaining standards, controls, procedures, and policies. The significant acquisition-related integration costs could materially and adversely affect our results of operations in the period in which such charges are recorded. We may fail to successfully operate the data centers we acquire or fail to utilize such assets to their full capacity, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. Our revenues generated from our property operations may be affected by cancellations of existing tenant leases, and we expect that our churn rate may remain elevated due to contractual lease cancellations and non-renewals. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers and other tenants deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks, influenced by the growth of wireless services and financial performance of our tenants. The deployment of advanced mobile technology will provide higher speed data services and further enable fixed broadband substitution, compelling our tenants to deploy additional equipment across their existing networks. Our international expansion initiatives are subject to risks, including compliance with laws and regulations impacting our operations and potential adverse financial and operational problems. We may also face risks associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates, which could negatively impact our reported revenues and operating profits. Our liquidity depends on our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities and maintain compliance with the contractual agreements governing our indebtedness. We derive a substantial portion of our revenues from a small number of tenants in the telecommunications industry, and a failure by a significant customer to perform its contractual obligations could adversely affect our cash flow and liquidity. Our revenue is derived from leasing the right to use our communications sites and data center facilities and from the reimbursement of costs incurred in operating the communications sites. We actively monitor the creditworthiness of our borrowers and tenants to mitigate concentrations of credit risk. The growth of wireless services globally and our ability to meet the corresponding incremental demand for our communications real estate are critical to our business strategy.