The company's operations and performance depend significantly on global, regional, and U.S. economic and geopolitical conditions. The company is exposed to political, economic, military, and other risks related to operating in countries outside the United States, which may adversely impact its business and operating results. The company competes primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality and performance, price, customer service, and delivery time. A trend among customers has been to consolidate their lists of qualified suppliers to companies that have the ability to meet certain technical, quality, delivery, and other standards while maintaining competitive prices. The company's strategy is to provide its customers with comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products, and a high level of service on a worldwide basis, while maintaining continuing programs of productivity improvement and cost control. The company focuses its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its customers to develop highly engineered products that meet customer needs and have the potential for broad market applications and significant sales within a one- to three-year period. The company believes that its global presence is an important competitive advantage as it allows the company to provide quality products on a timely and worldwide basis to its multinational customers. The company is dependent on the communications industry, including information technology and data communications, wireless communications, and broadband communications. Demand for these products is subject to rapid technological change, and the company has experienced strong sales growth to web service providers and broad-based market demand for server, storage, and networking-related products as customers worked to support higher demand for increased bandwidth. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has affected the company's offices and manufacturing facilities throughout the world, causing widespread disruptions and impacting its ability to operate certain facilities in the ordinary course. The pandemic has also increased the demand for information technology resources and heightened risks related to cybersecurity attacks. Cybersecurity incidents affecting the company's information technology systems could disrupt business operations or cause the release of highly sensitive confidential information, resulting in adverse impacts to its reputation and operating results. The company maintains systems and processes designed to protect data related to all aspects of its business, including financial information and current and future products under development, but acknowledges the risk of intrusion, cyberattacks, or tampering that could compromise the integrity and privacy of this data. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with frequent imposition of new and changing requirements, which may have an adverse effect on the company's financial results. The company has established policies and procedures designed to assist in complying with applicable U.S. and international laws and regulations, but there can be no assurance that these policies will be effective in preventing violations. The company relies on attracting, recruiting, hiring, and retaining skilled employees, including as part of its various management teams, as its performance is dependent on its ability to attract and retain skilled personnel. The company's ability to generate cash from operating activities has been one of its fundamental financial strengths, and it uses operating cash flow to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions, repurchase shares of its common stock, pay dividends, and reduce indebtedness.