Our business depends on various IT systems and outsourced IT services. We rely on third-party vendors to provide critical corporate infrastructure services and to adequately address cyber security threats to their own systems. Any failure of our IT systems or one or more of our corporate infrastructure vendors to provide necessary services could have a material adverse effect on our business. The complexity of our products could result in unforeseen delays or expenses or undetected defects or bugs, which could adversely affect the market acceptance of new products, damage our reputation with current or prospective customers, and materially and adversely affect our operating costs. We have made substantial investments in research and development, and unsuccessful investments could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our ability to maintain or improve gross margin is dependent on a number of factors, including our product mix, price erosion, acquisitions we may make, level of capacity utilization, and commodity prices. We collect, use, store, or otherwise process personal information, which subjects us to privacy and data security laws and contractual commitments, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such laws and commitments could harm our business. The theft, loss, or misuse of personal data collected, used, stored, or transferred by us to run our business could result in significantly increased business and security costs or costs related to defending legal claims. Our gross margin is highly dependent on product mix, which is susceptible to seasonal and other fluctuations in our markets. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has disrupted and will likely continue to disrupt normal business activity, which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Our semiconductor products require wafer manufacturers with state-of-the-art fabrication equipment and techniques, and most of our products are designed to be manufactured in a specific process. We depend on our contract manufacturers to allocate sufficient manufacturing capacity to meet our needs, to produce products of acceptable quality at acceptable yields, and to deliver those products to us on a timely basis. Failure to adjust our manufacturing and supply chain to accurately meet customer demand could adversely affect our results of operations. The industries in which we operate are highly competitive and characterized by rapid technological changes, evolving industry standards, changes in customer requirements, often aggressive pricing practices, and, in some cases, new delivery methods. We expect competition in these industries to continue to increase as existing competitors improve or expand their product offerings or as new competitors enter our markets. Our ability to attract, retain, and motivate qualified personnel is critical to our success, particularly our engineering and technical personnel, who are a significant asset as the source of our technological and product innovations. We may pursue acquisitions, investments, joint ventures, and dispositions, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Our business is subject to various governmental regulations, and compliance with these regulations may cause us to incur significant expense. We may be unable to maintain appropriate manufacturing capacity or product yields at our own manufacturing facilities, which could adversely affect our relationships with our customers and our business, financial condition, and results of operations. A breach of our security systems may have a material adverse effect on our business. Cyber security attacks could require significant expenditures of our capital and diversion of our resources.