The uninterrupted operation of our information systems is critical to our success and a significant disruption could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our information technology systems, including our transaction authorization, clearing and settlement systems, and data centers, may experience service disruptions or degradation because of technology malfunction, sudden increases in customer or automated transaction volume, natural disasters, accidents, power outages, internet outages, telecommunications failures, fraud, denial-of-service and other cyberattacks, terrorism, computer viruses, vulnerabilities in hardware or software, physical or electronic break-ins, or similar events. We manage information technology risk through our policies, procedures, governance structure, and control framework to preserve the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of systems and processes across our company. We rely on third-party providers for acquiring and servicing customers, technology, platforms, and other services integral to the operations of our businesses. These third parties may act in ways that could materially harm our business. As outsourcing, specialization of functions, third-party digital services, and technology innovation within the payments industry increase, more third parties are involved in processing card transactions, handling our data, and supporting our operations. Our networks and systems are subject to constant attempts to disrupt our business operations and capture, destroy, manipulate or expose various types of information relating to corporate trade secrets, customer information, including card member, travel and loyalty program data, colleague information, and other sensitive business information. We develop and maintain systems and processes aimed at detecting and preventing information and cyber security incidents and fraudulent activity, which require significant investment, maintenance, and ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies and regulatory requirements change, new vulnerabilities and exploits are discovered, and as efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. Our ability to address incidents may also depend on the timing and nature of assistance that may be provided from relevant governmental or law enforcement agencies. The management and oversight of multiple service providers increases our operational complexity and governance challenges and decreases our control. A failure to exercise adequate oversight over service providers could result in regulatory actions, fines, litigation, sanctions, or economic and reputational harm to us. Our industry is subject to rapid and significant technological changes. In order to compete in our industry, we need to continue to invest in technology across all areas of our business, including in transaction processing, data management and analytics, machine learning and artificial intelligence, customer interactions and communications, open banking and alternative payment and financing mechanisms, authentication technologies and digital identification, tokenization, real-time settlement, and risk management and compliance systems. Incorporating new technologies into our products and services requires substantial expenditures and takes considerable time, and ultimately may not be successful. We expect that new technologies in the payments industry will continue to emerge, and these new technologies may be superior to, or render obsolete, our existing technology. The process of developing new products and services, enhancing existing products and services, and adapting to technological changes and evolving industry standards is complex, costly, and uncertain, and any failure by us to anticipate customers' changing needs and emerging technological trends accurately could significantly impede our ability to compete effectively.