Our ability to respond to and keep up with the rapid pace of technological and market changes is critical for maintaining our competitive position. The competition for technology talent in our industry has intensified, and our success in markets across Europe, the United States, and Asia has led to increased efforts by our competitors to hire our employees. We are working toward enhancing our payments capabilities, including by offering alternative payment solutions to consumers, which is essential for meeting consumer demands in various markets. Our future success will depend on our ability to adapt to rapidly changing technologies and to continually innovate and improve the performance, features, and reliability of our services and online platforms in response to competitive service offerings. We face risks related to the growth of our alternative accommodations business, which requires significant investment in technology and operational capabilities. The integration of acquired businesses requires significant time and resources, and we may not manage these processes successfully. Our business relies on a global supply chain of third-party service providers, and we are exposed to risks because we depend on the resilience, security, and legal compliance of their products and services. We have experienced and responded to cyberattacks, which we believe have not had a significant impact on the integrity of our systems or the security of data. However, we are an innovative technology company dependent on sophisticated software applications and computing infrastructure, and any cyberattacks could result in significant interruptions in our operations. Our marketing efficiency, expressed as marketing expense as a percentage of revenues, is impacted by various factors, including our ability to convert paid traffic to booking customers and the extent to which consumers come directly to our websites or mobile apps for bookings. The markets in which we compete are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, and changing consumer demands and preferences. Our ability to achieve our long-term strategy to build the connected trip depends on successfully integrating and developing new and evolving technologies, which will require increased financial and personnel investments. We are in the early stages of a multi-year phased migration to integrate and upgrade certain cross-brand global financial systems and processes. The implementation of new information technology systems could be disruptive and/or costly, and we may experience difficulty successfully integrating new systems into existing systems. We rely on various third-party distribution channels to generate traffic to our platforms, and any deterioration in our marketing efficiency could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our current and planned employees and outsourced resources, systems, procedures, and controls may not be adequate to support and effectively manage growth and increased complexity. We are also subject to various competition, consumer protection, and online commerce laws, rules, and regulations around the world, and as the size of our business grows, scrutiny of our business by legislators and regulators may intensify. Our marketing spend is influenced by the marketing spend of our competitors as we seek to maintain and increase our brand recognition and to grow traffic to our platforms through performance marketing channels. The widespread adoption of mobile devices continues to drive substantial online traffic and commerce to mobile platforms, and our mobile offerings have received generally strong reviews, driving a material and increasing share of our business.