We are dependent on information technology and our systems and infrastructure face certain risks, including from cybersecurity breaches and data leakage. We rely extensively on information technology systems, networks and services, including internet sites, data hosting and processing facilities and tools, physical security systems and other hardware, software and technical applications and platforms, some of which are managed, hosted, provided and/or used for third parties or their vendors, to assist in conducting our business. A significant breakdown, invasion, corruption, destruction or interruption of critical information technology systems or infrastructure, by our workforce, others with authorized access to our systems or unauthorized persons could negatively impact operations. The ever-increasing use and evolution of technology, including cloud-based computing, creates opportunities for the unintentional dissemination or intentional destruction or modification of confidential information stored in our, or our third-party providers' systems, portable media or storage devices. We could also experience a business interruption, theft of confidential information or reputational damage from industrial espionage attacks, malware or other cyber-attacks, which may compromise our system infrastructure or lead to data leakage, either internally or at our third-party providers. As the COVID-19 pandemic continues to progress, we have observed an increase in cybersecurity incidents across the industry, predominantly ransomware and social engineering attacks. We have invested in industry-appropriate protections and monitoring practices of our data and IT to reduce these risks and continue to monitor our systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. While we maintain cyber insurance, this insurance may not, however, be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems. There can be no assurance that our continuing efforts will prevent breakdowns or breaches to our or our third-party providers' databases or systems that could adversely affect our business. We are in the process of integrating a large number of manufacturing, operational and administrative systems to achieve consistency throughout the combined company, including with respect to human capital management, portfolio rationalization, finance and accounting systems, sales operations and product distribution, pricing systems and methodologies, cybersecurity systems, compliance programs and internal controls processes. This integration is a complex, costly and time-consuming process. If any difficulties in the integration of our operations were to occur, they could adversely affect our business, including, among other ways, causing a failure to meet demand for our products, or adversely affect our ability to meet our financial reporting obligations. We are also unable to predict if and when any changes to laws or regulatory policies will occur and how they will affect our business and particularly our pipeline of new products. Our strategy is focused on delivering innovative, transformational medicines to patients in a focused set of disease areas. If we are unable to successfully execute on this strategy, this could negatively impact our future results of operations and market capitalization. We continue to make capital expenditures in connection with the expansion of our cell therapy and other manufacturing capabilities, research and development and other facility-related activities. Our operating model continues to evolve and we have been successful in focusing commercial, R&D and manufacturing resources on key brands and markets, strengthening our R&D capabilities in tumor biology, patient selection and new biomarkers, delivering leaner administrative functions and streamlining our manufacturing network to reflect the importance of biologics in our current and future portfolio. The evolution in our operating model, which focuses on maintaining a disciplined approach in marketing, selling and administrative expenses, will enable us to deliver the necessary strategic, financial and operational flexibility to invest in the highest priority opportunities within our portfolio.