The emergence of COVID-19 variants and rising case counts in certain geographies have contributed to periods of increased remote work, including for our employees. While our technology infrastructure has supported remote work, such working environments may be less secure and more susceptible to hacking attacks, including phishing and social engineering attempts that seek to exploit the COVID-19 pandemic. Our operations are highly dependent on our technology platforms and we rely heavily on our analytical, financial, accounting, communications and other data processing systems. Our systems face ongoing cybersecurity threats and attacks, which could result in the failure of such systems. Cyberattacks and other security threats could originate from a wide variety of external sources, including cyber criminals, nation state hackers, hacktivists and other outside parties. The proliferation of remote working may result in long-term changed market and consumer and workplace practices that could negatively impact us and our business. Increased adoption of and familiarity with remote work practices could result in continued decreased demand for business and leisure travel, hotel stays, conference facilities, select U.S. urban residential and office assets. Our technology infrastructure has proven to be robust and capable of supporting a remote work model and we have implemented rigorous protocols for remote work across the firm. We have also leveraged technology to ensure our teams stay connected and productive, and that our culture remains strong. Our business is materially affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions in the U.S., Europe, Asia and, to a lesser extent, elsewhere in the world. The increase in fee related earnings was attributable to increases of $1.4 billion in fee related performance revenues and $413.6 million in management fees, net, partially offset by increases of $543.2 million in fee related compensation and $51.4 million in other operating expenses. The increase was primarily due to occupancy and technology related expenses. The increase in management fees, net was primarily driven by an increase in base management fees. The increase in performance allocations compensation was primarily due to the increase in investment income (loss) - performance allocations, on which a portion of this compensation is based. We have become increasingly reliant on third party service providers for certain aspects of our business, including for the administration of certain funds, as well as for certain technology platforms, including cloud-based services. We have increasingly shifted away from a reliance on physical technology infrastructure located at our headquarters in New York City toward reliance on cloud-based infrastructure provided by third parties for the continued operation of our business. Our operations are highly dependent on the technology platforms and corresponding infrastructure that supports our business. A disaster or a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our businesses, as a result of a cybersecurity incident or otherwise, including a disruption involving electronic communications or other services used by us or third parties with whom we conduct business, or directly affecting our cloud services providers, could have a material adverse impact on our ability to continue to operate our business without interruption. Cybersecurity has become a top priority for regulators around the world. Many jurisdictions in which we operate have laws and regulations relating to data privacy, cybersecurity and protection of personal information. Our compliance obligations include those relating to U.S. laws and regulations, including, without limitation, the CCPA, which provides for enhanced consumer protections for California residents, a private right of action for data breaches and statutory fines and damages for data breaches or other CCPA violations, as well as a requirement of "reasonable" cybersecurity.