Citi continued to invest in its transformation, including infrastructure supporting its risk and control environment, and make business-led investments. Citi's operating expenses increased 9% versus the prior year, reflecting investments in Citi's transformation, including infrastructure supporting its risk and control environment, business-led investments, and revenue- and transaction-related expenses, partially offset by productivity savings. Citi's efforts include continued investments in its transformation, including the remediation of its consent orders. The strengthening of Citi's risk and control environment has been made a strategic priority, and a chief administrative officer organization has been established to centralize program management. Citi's management of the markets businesses involves daily monitoring and evaluation of various interrelated factors impacting market revenues. The increase in revenues reflected continued momentum with new and existing clients, resulting in higher loan volumes and spreads, higher managed investments revenues, and higher deposit volumes. The increase in trade revenues was driven by improved trade spreads and growth in loans, reflecting an increase in trade flows and originations. Citi's net credit losses decreased, primarily reflecting lower cards loan volumes and improved delinquencies. The release reflected an improvement in portfolio credit quality, as well as continued improvement in the macroeconomic outlook and lower loan volumes. The increase in revenues was partially offset by lower deposit spreads due to the ongoing low interest rate environment and lower capital markets revenue. The release of a foreign tax credit valuation allowance contributed to net income, reflecting higher revenues, lower expenses, and lower cost of credit. The net income was driven by lower cost of credit, partially offset by higher expenses and lower revenues. The increase in net income was driven by lower cost of credit, partially offset by higher expenses and lower revenues. The increase in net income was primarily driven by lower cost of credit, reflecting improvements in portfolio credit quality. The net credit losses declined significantly, driven by improvements in portfolio credit quality. The increase in revenues was primarily driven by higher revenues in investment banking and the private bank, partially offset by lower revenues in treasury and trade solutions and corporate lending. The increase in banking revenues included the impact of losses on loan hedges related to corporate lending and the private bank. The increase in revenues was partially offset by lower revenues in treasury and trade solutions and corporate lending. The increase in revenues was driven by growth across products, particularly in advisory and equity underwriting. The increase in revenues reflected strength in North America and EMEA, driven by growth in the market wallet as well as wallet share gains. The increase in revenues was driven by higher loan volumes and spreads, as well as higher managed investments and deposits. The increase in revenues was driven by strong performance in North America and EMEA. The increase in revenues was driven by strong fee revenues, driven by higher settlement volumes and higher assets under custody. The increase in revenues was driven by strong fee revenues, reflecting solid client engagement and growth in transaction volumes. The increase in revenues was driven by growth across all products, reflecting solid client activity and favorable market conditions. The increase in revenues was driven by strong fee revenues, driven by growth in assets under custody and settlement volumes. The increase in revenues was driven by strong fee revenues, driven by higher settlement volumes and higher assets under custody. The increase in revenues was driven by strong fee revenues, reflecting solid client engagement and growth in transaction volumes. The increase in revenues was driven by strong fee revenues, driven by higher settlement volumes and higher assets under custody.