The success of our business depends on our ability to develop, produce and market quality products that meet our customers' needs. We rely upon information technology systems and networks, some of which are managed by third parties, in connection with a variety of business activities. Operating these information technology systems and networks and processing and maintaining this data in a secure manner is critical to our business operations and strategy. Information technology security threats, from user error to cybersecurity attacks designed to gain unauthorized access to our systems, networks and data, are increasing in frequency and sophistication. These threats pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, availability and integrity of our data. Cybersecurity attacks could also include attacks targeting customer data or the security, integrity and/or reliability of the hardware and software installed in our products. It is possible that our information technology systems and networks, or those managed or provided by third parties, could have vulnerabilities, which could go unnoticed for a period of time. While various procedures and controls have been and are being utilized to mitigate such risks, there can be no guarantee that the actions and controls we have implemented will be sufficient to protect and mitigate associated risks to our systems, information or other property. We have experienced cybersecurity threats and vulnerabilities in our systems and those of our third-party providers, and we have experienced viruses and attacks targeting our information technology systems and networks. Such prior events have not had a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. However, the potential consequences of a future material cybersecurity attack include reputational damage, litigation with third parties, government enforcement actions, penalties, disruption to systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information, corruption of data, and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs, which in turn could adversely affect our competitiveness, results of operations and financial condition. We continue to monitor a variety of external factors including the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic around the world and have implemented safeguards in our facilities to protect team members. Operations continue to be impacted by a variety of external factors including the pandemic, supply chain disruptions and associated cost and labor pressures. To help mitigate supply chain challenges, we have proactively redirected components and altered our assembly processes. We continue to assess the environment and are taking appropriate price actions in response to rising costs. Our business relies on continued global demand for our brands and products. To achieve business goals, we must develop and sell products that appeal to our dealers, OEMs and end-user customers. This is dependent on a number of factors, including our ability to maintain key dealer relationships; our ability to produce products that meet the quality, performance and price expectations of our customers and our ability to develop effective sales, advertising and marketing programs. We operate in a highly competitive environment, which could adversely affect our sales and pricing. We compete on the basis of a variety of factors, including product performance, customer service, quality and price. There can be no assurance that our products will be able to compete successfully with other companies' products. The rates of infrastructure spending, commercial construction and housing starts also play a significant role in our results. Our products are an integral component of these activities, and as these activities decrease, demand for our products and services may be significantly impacted.