The ability of our businesses to compete effectively also depends on our perceived image and reputation among our various constituencies, including our customers, consumers, advertisers, business partners, employees, investors, and government authorities. We expect advances in communications technology to continue to occur in the future. Our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt and leverage new and existing technologies, and our competitors' use of certain types of technology and equipment may provide them with a competitive advantage. New technologies can materially impact our businesses in a number of ways, including affecting the demand for our products, the distribution methods of our products and content to our customers, the ways in which our customers can purchase and view our content, and the growth of distribution platforms available to advertisers. Our businesses depend on using and protecting certain intellectual property rights and on not infringing the intellectual property rights of others. We rely on our intellectual property, such as patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets, as well as licenses and other agreements with our vendors and other third parties, to use various technologies, conduct our business operations, and sell our products and services. We may need to change our business practices if any of these events occur, which may limit our ability to compete effectively and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. The ability to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging competitors or changes in consumer behavior, including among younger consumers, and shifting business models could have an adverse effect on our competitive position, businesses, and results of operations. Our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven, rapidly changing environments and compete with a growing number of companies that provide a broad range of communications products and services as well as entertainment, sports, news, and information content to consumers. The impacts of COVID-19 and measures to prevent its spread across the globe have impacted our businesses in a number of ways. The continuing trend of content owners delivering their content directly to consumers rather than through, or in addition to, traditional video distribution channels continues to disrupt traditional distribution business models. The use of direct-to-consumer streaming and other over-the-top services reduces traditional television viewership and has caused and likely will continue to cause audience ratings declines for our television programming channels. Our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging competitors or changes in consumer behavior could have an adverse effect on our competitive position, businesses, and results of operations. We expect to continue to incur significant costs related to additional content and marketing as we invest in the platform and attract new customers. We also may generate less revenue or incur increased costs if changes in our competitors' product offerings require that we offer certain services or enhancements at a lower or no cost to our customers or that we increase our research and development expenditures. The occurrence of both intentional and unintentional incidents have in the past, and could in the future, cause a variety of potential adverse business impacts. These include degradation or disruption of our network, products and services, excessive call volume to call centers, theft or misuse of our intellectual property or other assets, disruption of the security of our internal systems, products, services or satellite transmission signals, power outages, and the compromise of confidential or technical business information or damage to our or our customers' or vendors' data, equipment, and reputation.