The success of our business depends in large part on our ability to create interactive electronic marketplaces for a wide range of products that have the required functionality, performance, availability and resilience, capacity, security and speed to attract and retain customers. We must continue to enhance our electronic trading platforms and other technology offerings to remain competitive. Our technology, our people and those of our third-party service providers, and our customers may be vulnerable to cyber-security threats, which could result in wrongful use of our data or our customers' data or cause interruptions in our operations that cause us to lose customers and trading volume and result in substantial liabilities. We regard the secure storage and transmission of data and the ability to continuously transact and clear on our electronic trading platforms as critical elements of our operations and our operational resiliency. Our systems, or those of our third-party providers, including cloud providers, may fail or be shut down or, due to capacity constraints, may operate slowly, causing unanticipated disruptions in service to our customers, slower response times and delays in our customers' trade execution and processing, incomplete or inaccurate accounting, recording, or processing of trades, financial losses, security breaches, litigation or other customer claims, loss of customers, or regulatory sanctions. We are heavily reliant on the capacity, reliability and security of our information technology and communications and other business systems and software supporting our operations. Our strategic business plan for our futures and options business is to operate an efficient and transparent vertically integrated transaction execution, clearing and settlement business. We continue to execute on strategic initiatives to grow our business, including efforts to serve the OTC markets and to distribute our products and services on a global basis. Our growth strategy also may subject us to increased legal, compliance and regulatory obligations. We intend to continue to explore acquisitions, other investments and strategic alliances. The competitive environment to which we are subject is influenced by our brand and reputation; the efficiency and security of our settlement, clearing and support services; depth and liquidity of our markets; diversity of product offerings, including frequency and quality of new product development and innovative services; our ability to position and expand upon existing products to address changing market needs; efficient and seamless customer experience; transparency, reliability, anonymity and security of transaction processing; the regulatory environment; connectivity, accessibility, flexibility in execution methods and distribution; and technology capability and innovation, as well as overall transaction costs. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has caused significant disruption in the international and U.S. economies and financial markets, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are also required to maintain compliance with regulations, which could require us to change our business practices or the structure of our business, including its current governance or regulatory structure, or impose significant costs on us. Our technology, our people and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to targeted attacks, such as phishing attacks, unauthorized access, fraud, computer viruses, denial of service attacks, terrorism, ransom attacks, firewall or encryption failures or other security or operational risks. If we do not successfully enhance our electronic trading systems and technology offerings, if we are unable to develop them to include other products and markets, or if they do not have the required functionality, performance, availability and resilience, capacity, security and speed desired by our customers, our ability to successfully compete and our revenues and profits will be adversely affected.