Our business, like others within the oil and gas industry, has become increasingly dependent on digital technologies, some of which are managed by third-party service providers on whom we rely to help us collect, host or process information. We rely on digital technology to estimate oil and gas reserves, process and record financial and operating data, analyze seismic and drilling information, and communicate with employees and third parties. As cyberattacks have continued to evolve, we have become subject to new government-imposed security requirements to implement specific mitigation measures to protect against ransomware attacks and other known threats to information and operations technology. We must continually expend additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any vulnerabilities detected. Our implementation of reasonable security procedures and controls to monitor and mitigate security threats and to increase security for our information, facilities, and infrastructure may result in increased costs. Despite our ongoing investments in security resources, talent, and business practices, we are unable to assure that any security measures will be completely effective. If our systems and infrastructure were to be breached, damaged, or disrupted, we could be subject to serious negative consequences, including disruption of our operations, damage to our reputation, a loss of counterparty trust, reimbursement or other costs, increased compliance costs, litigation exposure, and legal liability or regulatory fines, penalties, or intervention. Our operations may be adversely affected by significant and widespread disruption to our systems and infrastructure that support our business. We have exposure to cybersecurity incidents and the negative impacts of such incidents related to our data and proprietary information housed on third-party IT systems, including the cloud. The prevalence of remote working during the pandemic has introduced additional cybersecurity risk. Our ability to execute our capital return program is subject to certain considerations, including our ability to effectively manage our IT capabilities, which have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. IT capability is a firm's ability to acquire, deploy, combine, and reconfigure IT resources in support and enhancement of business strategies and work processes. We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The integration of advanced technologies into our operations is essential for maintaining competitive advantage and operational efficiency, particularly in a rapidly changing market environment. Our strategic resource allocation decisions are influenced by the need to enhance our IT capabilities, which in turn support our overall business transformation and performance improvement objectives. The challenges we face in managing our IT resources effectively are compounded by external influences, including regulatory requirements and market dynamics, which necessitate a proactive approach to IT governance and resource mobilization.