Availability and performance of our information technology (IT) systems are vital to our business. Failure to successfully execute IT projects and have IT systems available to our business would adversely impact our operations. IT systems play a crucial role in conducting our business. These systems are utilized to process a very high volume of transactions, conduct payment transactions, track and value our inventory, and produce reports critical for making business decisions. We are undertaking large technology and IT transformation projects. The failure of these projects could adversely impact our business plans and potentially impair our day-to-day business operations. Given the high volume of transactions we process, it is important that we build strong digital resiliency to prevent disruption from events such as power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, viruses, internal or external security breaches, errors by employees, and catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes, tornadoes, and hurricanes. Any debilitating failure of our critical IT systems, data centers, and backup systems would require significant investments in resources to restore IT services and may cause serious impairment in our business operations including loss of business services, increased cost of moving merchandise, and failure to provide service to our members. We are currently making substantial investments in maintaining and enhancing our digital resiliency, and failure or delay in these projects could be costly and harmful to our business. Failure to deliver IT transformation efforts efficiently and effectively could result in the loss of our competitive position and adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. We rely upon IT systems and networks, some of which are managed by third parties, in connection with virtually all of our business activities. Additionally, we collect, store, and process sensitive information relating to our business, members, suppliers, and employees. Operating these IT systems and networks, and processing and maintaining this data, in a secure manner, is critical to our business operations and strategy. Increased remote work due to the COVID-19 pandemic has also increased the possible attack surfaces. Threats designed to gain unauthorized access to systems, networks, and data, both ours and third parties with whom we work, are increasing in frequency and sophistication. Cybersecurity attacks may range from random attempts to coordinated and targeted attacks, including sophisticated computer crimes and advanced persistent threats. While we train our employees as part of our security efforts, that training cannot be completely effective. These threats pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our data. We are required to maintain the privacy and security of personal and business information amidst multiplying threat landscapes and in compliance with privacy and data protection regulations globally. Failure to do so could damage our business, including our reputation with members, suppliers, and employees, cause us to incur substantial additional costs, and become subject to litigation and regulatory action. We are also subject to evolving payment card association and network operating rules, including data security rules, certification requirements, and rules governing electronic funds transfers. If our internal systems are breached or compromised, we may be liable for card re-issuance costs, subject to fines and higher transaction fees, and lose our ability to accept card payments from our members, adversely affecting our business and operating results.