Chevron's risk management systems are designed to assess potential physical and other risks to its operations and assets and to plan for their resiliency. Cyberattacks targeting Chevron's process control networks or other digital infrastructure could have a material adverse impact on the company's business and results of operations. There are numerous and evolving risks to Chevron's cybersecurity and privacy from cyber threat actors, including criminal hackers, state-sponsored intrusions, industrial espionage, and employee malfeasance. These cyber threat actors are becoming more sophisticated and coordinated in their attempts to access the company's information technology (IT) systems and data, including the IT systems of cloud providers and other third parties. Cyber threat actors could compromise the company's process control networks or other critical systems and infrastructure, resulting in disruptions to its business operations, injury to people, harm to the environment or its assets, disruptions in access to its financial reporting systems, or loss, misuse, or corruption of its critical data and proprietary information. The company has experienced and will continue to experience cyber incidents of varying degrees in the conduct of its business. Cyber incidents could result in significant financial losses, legal or regulatory violations, reputational harm, and legal liability and could ultimately have a material adverse effect on the company's business and results of operations. The company's operations have inherent risks and hazards that require significant and continuous oversight. Chevron's results depend on its ability to identify and mitigate the risks and hazards inherent to operating in the crude oil and natural gas industry. The company seeks to minimize these operational risks by carefully designing and building its facilities and conducting its operations in a safe and reliable manner. However, failure to manage these risks effectively could impair the company's ability to operate and result in unexpected incidents. Chevron has implemented and maintains a system of corporate policies, processes, and systems to manage safety, health, environmental, reliability, and efficiency risks; to verify compliance with applicable laws and policies; and to respond to and learn from unexpected incidents. The company relies on existing liquidity, financial resources, and borrowing capacity to meet short-term obligations that would arise from significant incidents. The occurrence of a significant incident or unforeseen liability could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations or financial condition. The ultimate impact of greenhouse gas emissions and climate change-related agreements, legislation, regulation, and government actions on the company's financial performance is highly uncertain. Increasing attention to environmental, social, and governance (ESG) matters may impact the company's business. The company's aspirations, targets, and disclosures related to ESG matters expose it to numerous risks, including risks to its reputation and stock price. The company cannot predict the ultimate impact of congressional or other investigations on its operations. The standards for tracking and reporting on ESG matters are relatively new and continue to evolve. The company's processes and controls may not always align with evolving voluntary standards for identifying, measuring, and reporting ESG metrics. The company's ability to achieve any aspiration, target, or objective, including with respect to climate-related initiatives, is subject to numerous risks, many of which are outside of its control.