John Deere relies upon information technology networks and systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit, and store electronic information and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing, and collection of payments from dealers and other purchasers of John Deere equipment and from customers of the financial services segment. The secure operation of these information technology networks and the processing and maintenance of this information is critical to John Deere's business operations and strategy. Despite security measures, John Deere's information technology networks and infrastructure have been and may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions, or shutdowns due to attacks by cyber criminals or breaches due to employee, supplier, or dealer error or malfeasance or other disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing computer software or hardware. John Deere has not suffered any significant cyber incidents that resulted in material business impact, but the occurrence of any significant event could compromise John Deere's networks, and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost, or stolen. Any such access, disclosure, or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or regulatory penalties under laws protecting the privacy of personal information, disruption to John Deere's operations, and damage to John Deere's reputation. As security threats continue to evolve and increase in frequency and sophistication, John Deere may need to invest additional resources to protect the security of its systems. John Deere is subject to governmental laws, regulations, and other legal obligations related to privacy and data protection, and any inability or perceived inability of John Deere to address these requirements could adversely affect its business. The legislative and regulatory framework for privacy and data protection issues worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. John Deere collects personal information and other data as integral parts of its business processes and activities. This data is subject to a variety of U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, including oversight by various regulatory and other governmental bodies. The European Union General Data Protection Regulation, the California Consumer Privacy Act, and the China Personal Information Protection Law, among others, impose stringent data protection requirements and provide significant penalties for noncompliance. Security breaches with respect to John Deere's products could interfere with the business of John Deere, its dealers, and/or customers, exposing John Deere to liability that would cause its business and reputation to suffer. Some of John Deere's products include connectivity hardware typically used for remote system updates. While John Deere has implemented security measures intended to prevent unauthorized access to its products, malicious actors have reportedly attempted, and may attempt in the future, to gain unauthorized access to such products through such connectivity hardware in order to gain control of the products, change the products' functionality, user interface, or performance characteristics, or gain access to data stored in or generated by the products. Any unauthorized access to or control of John Deere products or systems or any loss of data could result in legal claims against John Deere or government investigations. John Deere's ability to adapt in highly competitive markets could affect its business, results of operations, and financial condition. John Deere competes on the basis of product performance, innovation and quality, distribution, customer service, and price. Aggressive pricing or other strategies pursued by competitors, unanticipated product or manufacturing delays, or John Deere's failure to price its products competitively could adversely affect its business, results of operations, and financial condition.