The global businesses for aircraft jet engines, maintenance, component repair and overhaul services are highly competitive, with product development cycles being long and product quality and efficiency critical to success. Research and development expenditures are important in this business, as are focused intellectual property strategies and protection of key aircraft engine design, manufacture, repair and product upgrade technologies. Aviation continues to be committed to investment in developing and maturing technologies that enable a more sustainable future of flight. Aviation's deep history of innovation and technology leadership represents strong long-term fundamentals. In healthcare, significant trends include an overall recovery in hospital spending, with expectations that this will continue in line with the worldwide COVID-19 vaccine rollout. The healthcare segment is experiencing inflation in the supply chain as well as delays in sourcing key materials needed for products, which is delaying the ability to convert remaining performance obligations to revenue. The introduction of new products and digital solutions tailored to the different needs of global customers is a focus area, with ongoing investments in precision health. The renewable energy segment benefits from a broad portfolio that positions it to lead the energy transition, with products, services, and integrated solutions aimed at growing renewable energy generation and modernizing the grid. The segment continues to invest in generating wind turbine product improvements and developing more efficient production processes for key components. The power segment serves power generation, industrial, government, and other customers worldwide with products and services related to energy production, including gas and steam turbines and data-leveraging software. Power continues to streamline its business to better align with market demand and drive its business units with operational rigor and discipline focused on the customer lifecycle experience. The company is also focused on its underwriting discipline, commercial selectivity, and risk management to secure deals that meet financial hurdles. The corporate segment includes the results of the GE digital business and remaining GE capital businesses, with corporate operating profit decreasing due to lower gains on purchases and sales of business interests. The company is evaluating the effect of new accounting guidance on its financial statements, which will significantly change the accounting for measurements of long-duration insurance liabilities. The management of investments in run-off insurance operations is under strict guidelines, including limitations on asset class concentration and other factors to meet credit quality, yield, liquidity, and diversification requirements. The company is committed to maintaining a disciplined financial policy and has announced plans to form three public companies focused on aviation, healthcare, and energy. The anticipated impacts of these strategic actions on capital allocation and operational flexibility are being monitored closely.