Our ability to be competitive on delivery and pickup times, options and costs depends on many factors, including leveraging the momentum of our strategic investments in our supply chain and our interconnected retail capabilities to further enhance the customer shopping experience. We rely extensively on information technology systems and related personnel to collect, analyze, process, store, manage, transmit, and protect transactions and data. In managing our business, we also rely heavily on the integrity of, security of, and consistent access to, this operational and financial data for information such as sales, customer data, associate data, demand forecasting, merchandise ordering, inventory replenishment, supply chain management, payment processing, order fulfillment, customer service, and post-purchase matters. Our information technology systems, applications, and processes must operate effectively, and we or our service providers must maintain and update them. Delays in the maintenance, updates, upgrading, or patching of these systems could impair their effectiveness or expose us to security risks. We are currently making, and expect to continue to make, substantial investments in our information technology systems, infrastructure, and personnel, which involve replacing existing systems with successor systems, outsourcing certain technology and business processes, and migrating applications to the cloud. These efforts can result in significant potential risks, including failure of the systems to operate as designed, potential loss or corruption of data, changes in security processes and internal controls, cost overruns, implementation delays or errors, disruption of operations, and the potential inability to meet business and reporting requirements. Disruptions in our customer-facing technology systems could impair our interconnected retail strategy and give rise to negative customer experiences. We continually seek to enhance all of our online and digital properties to provide an attractive, user-friendly interface for our customers. The retail industry is continually evolving and expanding, with a significant increase in sales initiated online and via mobile applications. We must effectively respond to new developments and changing customer preferences with respect to a digital and interconnected experience. Disruptions, delays, failures, or other performance issues with these customer-facing technology systems could impair the benefits that they provide to our business and negatively affect our relationship with our customers and, as a result, our financial performance and results of operations. A failure of a key information technology system or process could adversely affect our business. Our systems and the third-party systems with which we interact are subject to and have experienced damage or interruption from various causes, including power outages, computer failures, security breaches, cyber-attacks, and natural disasters. Although we and our third-party service providers seek to maintain our respective systems effectively and to address the risk of compromise of the integrity, security, and consistent operations of these systems, such efforts are not always successful. The increased use of a remote work infrastructure has also increased the possible attack surfaces. We have implemented and regularly review and update systems, processes, and procedures to protect against unauthorized access to or use of data and to prevent data loss and preserve data integrity. However, the ever-evolving threats mean we and our third-party service providers must continually evaluate and adapt our respective systems and processes and overall security environment. Any significant compromise or breach of our data security could result in significant costs, including costs to investigate and remediate, as well as lost sales, fines, lawsuits, regulatory investigations, and damage to our reputation.