Information technology (IT) capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. IT capability is a firm's ability to acquire, deploy, combine, and reconfigure IT resources in support and enhancement of business strategies and work processes. The company focuses on information management capability, which is the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. The notion of IT capability underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities. IT capability has become key in transforming a firm into a competitive force. The company's IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The company continues to monitor the activities in corporate and all other to determine the need for further reportable business segment disaggregation. The company recognizes that its business operations are subject to unique industry and economic conditions that may adversely affect the markets and operating conditions of its customers, which in turn can affect demand for its products and services and its results of operations. The company’s management evaluates segment performance based on segment profit, which is measured as segment income before taxes excluding general corporate unallocated expense, interest and other financial charges, stock compensation expense, pension and other postretirement income (expense), repositioning and other charges, and other items within other income expense. The company’s future growth is largely dependent upon its ability to develop new technologies and introduce new products that achieve market acceptance in increasingly competitive markets with acceptable margins. The company seeks productivity and cost savings benefits through repositioning actions and projects, such as consolidation of manufacturing facilities and transitions to cost-competitive regions. The company’s ability to manage inventory and meet delivery requirements may be constrained by its suppliers' inability to scale production and adjust delivery of long-lead time products during times of volatile demand. The company’s operations and the prior operations of predecessor companies expose it to the risk of material environmental liabilities. The company believes that its policies, practices, and procedures are properly designed to prevent unreasonable risk of environmental damage and personal injury and that the handling, manufacture, use, and disposal of hazardous substances are in accordance with environmental and safety laws and regulations. The company also recognizes that the global COVID-19 pandemic has created significant volatility, uncertainty, and economic disruption that have impacted its business, operations, and financial results and may continue to do so. The company employs information technology systems and networks to support the business and relies on them to process, transmit, and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities. Disruptions to the company’s information technology infrastructure from system failures, shutdowns, power outages, telecommunication or utility failures, cybersecurity incidents, and other events could interfere with its operations, interrupt production and shipments, damage customer and business partner relationships, and negatively impact its reputation.