IBM has been moving into areas, including those that incorporate or utilize hybrid cloud, artificial intelligence, quantum and other disruptive technologies, in which it can differentiate itself through responsible innovation, by leveraging its investments in R&D and attracting a successful developer ecosystem. If IBM is unable to continue its cutting-edge innovation in a highly competitive and rapidly evolving environment or is unable to commercialize such innovations, expand and scale them with sufficient speed and versatility, or is unable to attract a successful developer ecosystem, the company could fail in its ongoing efforts to maintain and increase its market share and its profit margins. The company continues to invest significantly in key strategic areas to drive revenue growth and market share gains. If the company does not adequately and timely anticipate and respond to changes in customer and market preferences, competitive actions, disruptive technologies, emerging business models and ecosystems, the client demand for our products or services may decline or IBM's costs may increase. IBM's ability to protect its intellectual property could also be impacted by a lack of effective legal protections as well as changes to existing laws, legal principles and regulations governing intellectual property. The company has made and expects to continue to make acquisitions, alliances and dispositions, which present significant challenges and risks. The company seeks to drive greater agility, productivity, flexibility and cost savings by continuously transforming with the use of automation, artificial intelligence, agile processes and changes to the ways of working, while also enabling the scaling of resources, offerings and investments through the company's globally integrated model across both emerging and more established markets. These various initiatives may not yield their intended gains in speed, quality, productivity and enablement of rapid scaling, which may impact the company's competitiveness and its ability to meet its growth and productivity objectives. The company's internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. The company's business employs a wide variety of components, supplies, services and raw materials from a substantial number of suppliers around the world. Changes in the business condition of these suppliers could subject the company to losses and affect its ability to bring products to market. The company has rigorous quality control standards and processes intended to prevent, detect and correct errors, malfunctions and other defects in its products and services. The company is at risk of security breaches not only of its own products, services, systems and networks, but also those of customers, contractors, business partners, vendors, employees and other third parties. Successful cybersecurity attacks or other security incidents could result in unauthorized access to, disclosure, modification, misuse, loss, or destruction of company, customer, or other third-party data or systems. The company regularly addresses cybersecurity attacks and vulnerabilities with the potential for exploitation, and while the company continues to monitor for, identify, investigate, respond to and remediate such events, there have not been cybersecurity incidents or vulnerabilities that have had a material adverse effect on the company. The enactment and expansion of cybersecurity, data protection and privacy laws, regulations and standards around the globe will continue to result in increased compliance costs, including due to an increased focus on international data transfer mechanisms. The company's results of operations could be affected by economic and political changes in those countries and by macroeconomic changes, including recessions, inflation, currency fluctuations and adverse changes in trade relationships. The company's ability to manage its business operations is dependent upon its ability to effectively leverage its IT capabilities and resources in support of its strategic objectives.