We are a provider of market infrastructure, data services and technology solutions to a broad range of customers including financial institutions, corporations and government entities. These products, which span major asset classes including futures, equities, fixed income and U.S. residential mortgages, provide our customers with access to mission-critical tools that are designed to increase asset class transparency and workflow efficiency. Our origination technology acts as a system of record for the mortgage transaction, automating the gathering, reviewing, and verifying of mortgage-related information and enabling automated enforcement of rules and business practices designed to help ensure that each completed loan transaction is of high quality and adheres to secondary market standards. The ICE mortgage technology network provides originators connectivity to the mortgage supply chain and facilitates the secure exchange of information between our customers and a broad ecosystem of third-party service providers, as well as lenders and investors that are critical to consummating the millions of loan transactions that occur on our origination network each year. Our mortgage technology revenues are derived from our comprehensive, end-to-end U.S. residential mortgage platform, which enables greater workflow efficiency for customers focused on originating U.S. residential mortgage loans. Revenues from our fixed income data and analytics offerings are driven by the strong retention rate of existing customers, the addition of new customers, and increased purchases by existing customers. Our data and connectivity services revenues are recurring subscription fees related to the various data and connectivity services that we provide which are directly attributable to our exchange venues. Our listings revenues are also recurring subscription fees that we earn for the provision of NYSE listings services for public companies and ETFs, and related corporate actions for listed companies. The increase in our fixed income data and analytics products and our other data and network services reflects the growing demand for data to inform customers' risk management and investment decisions. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or transaction activity in any one asset class. In addition, we have increased our portion of recurring revenues from 34% in 2014 to 49% in 2021. Our technology support services consist of costs for running our wholly-owned data centers, hosting costs paid to third-party data centers, and maintenance of our computer hardware and software required to support our technology and cybersecurity. These costs are driven by system capacity, functionality and redundancy requirements. We expect our operating expenses to increase in absolute terms in future periods in connection with the growth of our business, and to vary from year-to-year based on the type and level of our acquisitions, our integrations and other investments. The effective tax rate for 2021 is higher than the effective tax rate for 2020 primarily due to the deferred income tax impacts from the U.K. tax law changes as well as the Bakkt transaction. The future impact on our business relating to the U.K. leaving the EU and the corresponding regulatory changes are uncertain at this time, including future impacts on currency exchange rates. Our clearing houses hold material amounts of clearing member margin deposits which are held or invested primarily to provide security of capital while minimizing credit, market and liquidity risks. We limit our exposure to credit risk by rigorously selecting the counterparties with which we make our investments, monitoring them on an ongoing basis and executing agreements to protect our interests. Our investment objective is to invest in securities that preserve principal while maximizing yields, without significantly increasing risk.