Information technology is critical to the success of our digital products, helping us operate efficiently, interface with customers, maintain our supply chain and manufacturing operations, operate effectively and efficiently, maintain financial accuracy and efficiency, and accurately produce our financial statements. Disruption of critical information systems or material breaches in the security of our systems could harm our business, customer relations, and financial condition. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of customers, business disruptions, security breaches of our digital products, or the unauthorized access to, loss of, or damage to intellectual property, confidential information, or personally identifiable information. Our data management systems must effectively collect, store, process, and report relevant data for the operation of our business; any impairment could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the timeliness with which we report our internal and external operating results. We have programs in place to detect, contain, and respond to data security incidents, and we make ongoing improvements to our information-sharing products to minimize vulnerabilities. However, the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to or steal personal information or intellectual property change frequently, and we may not be able to anticipate and prevent these intrusions or mitigate them when they occur. We rely on external vendors to supply and/or support certain aspects of our information technology systems, and defects or vulnerabilities in the software or systems of our external vendors may expose failures in our internal controls and risk management processes. Our business requires us to use and store customer, employee, and business partner personal information, which may include names, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, contact preferences, tax identification numbers, and payment account information. We utilize encryption and authentication technologies to secure the transmission and storage of data. However, these security measures may be compromised as a result of security breaches by unauthorized persons, employee error, malfeasance, or other irregularities. Our reliance on sole and single-source suppliers and our ability to purchase at acceptable prices a sufficient supply of materials, parts, and components could harm our ability to meet demand for our products in a timely manner or within budget. An information technology systems interruption, including cybersecurity attacks, could adversely affect the ordering, distribution, and manufacturing processes of our suppliers. Disruptions at the FDA and other government agencies caused by funding shortages or global health concerns could hinder their ability to hire, retain, or deploy key leadership and other personnel, or otherwise prevent products from being developed, cleared, certified, approved, or commercialized in a timely manner or at all. Our products must meet the requirements of a large and growing body of international standards that govern product safety, efficacy, advertising, labeling, safety reporting design, manufacture, materials content and sourcing, testing, certification, packaging, installation, use, and disposal. We are subject to increasingly stringent medical device, privacy, and other regulations by regional, federal, state, and local authorities, and we anticipate that timelines for the introduction of new products and/or indications may be extended relative to past experience as a result of these regulations.