The company relies on both internal information technology (IT) systems and networks, and those of third parties and their vendors, to process and store sensitive data, including confidential research, business plans, financial information, intellectual property, and personal data that may be subject to legal protection, ensuring the continuity of the company's supply chain. The extensive information security and cybersecurity threats pose a risk to the security and availability of these systems and networks, and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the company's sensitive data. The company continually assesses these threats and makes investments to increase internal protection, detection, and response capabilities, as well as ensure the company's third-party providers have required capabilities and controls to address this risk. The company has established privacy compliance programs and controls that its businesses worldwide are required to comply with, but with many technology and data-driven initiatives being prioritized across the company and involving multiple vendors and third parties, there are potential risks of controls imposed on cross-border data flows, unauthorized access, and loss of personal data through internal and external threats that could impact business operations and research activities. The company has a diversified business model across the healthcare industry with flexibility designed into its manufacturing, research and development clinical operations, and commercial capabilities. The company continues to leverage its global manufacturing footprint and dual-source capabilities while closely monitoring and maintaining critical inventory at major distribution centers away from high-risk areas to help ensure adequate and effective distribution. The robust, active business continuity plans across the company's network have been instrumental in preparing the company for events like COVID-19, and the ability to meet the majority of patient and consumer needs remains uninterrupted. The company is committed to bringing its full breadth and depth to ensure health for people today and for future generations, leveraging extensive resources across the enterprise to innovate and execute with excellence. The company invests significantly in research and development, reflecting management's commitment to create life-enhancing innovations and to create value through partnerships that will profoundly change the trajectory of health for humanity. The competitive environment requires substantial investments in continuing research, and the development and maintenance of customer demand for the company's consumer products involve significant expenditures for advertising and promotion. The company faces uncertainties related to its COVID-19 vaccine, including uncertainties related to the risk that its continued development programs may not be successful, commercially viable, or receive approval from regulatory authorities. The company has established a global vaccine supply network, and it does not believe that a disruption at a vaccine manufacturing site would have a material financial impact on its consolidated financial statements or results. The company's businesses operate in highly competitive product markets, and competitive pressures could adversely affect the company's earnings. The company faces substantial competition in all three operating segments and in all geographic markets, competing with companies of all sizes on the basis of cost-effectiveness, technological innovations, and product performance. The company is subject to various federal and foreign laws that govern its international business practices, which include significant interaction with foreign officials, and the company's business is heavily regulated, exposing it to government investigations, legal actions, and penalties.