The semiconductor capital equipment industry is subject to variability and periods of rapid growth or decline; we therefore face risks related to our strategic resource allocation decisions. The variability in our customers' investments during any particular period is dependent on several factors, including but not limited to electronics demand, economic conditions, industry supply and demand, and our customers' ability to develop and manufacture increasingly complex and costly semiconductor devices. During periods of rapid growth or decline in demand for our products and services, we face significant challenges in maintaining adequate financial and business controls, management processes, information systems, and procedures for training, assimilating, and managing our workforce. Our success will depend, to a significant extent, on the ability of our executive officers and other members of our senior management to identify and respond to these challenges effectively. We believe that our future success depends in part upon our ability to develop and offer new products with improved capabilities and to continue to enhance our existing products. Rapid technological changes in semiconductor manufacturing processes subject us to increased pressure to develop technological advances that enable those processes. The emergence of "big data" and new tools such as machine learning and artificial intelligence that capitalize on the availability of large data sets is leading semiconductor manufacturers and equipment manufacturers to pursue new products and approaches that exploit those tools to advance technology development. Our investments and acquisitions may not be as successful as we may expect, particularly in the event that we invest in or acquire product lines and technologies that are new to us. We must manage product transitions and joint development relationships successfully, as the introduction of new products could adversely affect our sales of existing products. Our business depends on the capital equipment expenditures of semiconductor manufacturers, which in turn depend on the current and anticipated market demand for integrated circuits. The economic, political, and business conditions occurring nationally, globally, or in any of our key sales regions have historically impacted customer demand for our products. We face significant competition from multiple competitors, and with increased consolidation efforts in our industry, as well as the emergence and strengthening of new, regional competitors, we may face increasing competitive pressures. We believe that to remain competitive we must devote significant financial resources to offer products that meet our customers' needs, to maintain customer service and support centers worldwide, and to invest in product and process R&D. Technological changes and developing technologies have required, and are expected to continue to require, new and costly investments. Our ability to attract, retain, and motivate key employees is critical to our success. We are subject to various risks related to new, different, inconsistent, or even conflicting laws, rules, and regulations that may be enacted by legislative or executive bodies and/or regulatory agencies in the countries that we operate. Our critical information systems, which we rely on for the operation of our business, are susceptible to cybersecurity and other threats or incidents. We have experienced cybersecurity and other threats and incidents in the past. If we were subject to a cybersecurity incident, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, including loss of confidential information, errors in the output of our work, and misappropriation of our assets. We must continue to invest in R&D and maintain extensive ongoing worldwide customer service and support capabilities to remain competitive, which may temporarily harm our profitability and other financial results.