The company is in the process of implementing a comprehensive, multi-year finance and technology transformation initiative to migrate its general ledger, financial close, and consolidation processes onto new financial systems. This initiative is designed to increase efficiency and modernize the tools and technology used in its key financial processes. The company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company, provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. The company’s management believes that its internal control over financial reporting is effective. The company’s capitalized software is stated at cost and amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the software, which primarily ranges from 2 to 7 years. The company reviews capitalized software for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. The company has determined that it is the principal in arrangements with franchisees for various technology platforms, and accordingly, the related revenue is presented on a gross basis on the consolidated statement of income. The company provides goods or services related to various technology platforms to certain franchisees that are distinct from the franchise agreement. The company has made significant investments in technology resources, including the acquisitions of Dynamic Yield and Apprente, which are reflected within the international developmental licensed markets & corporate segment. The company’s technology management practices are aimed at enhancing operational efficiency and supporting business innovation. The company’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals. The company’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The company’s management, including the CEO and CFO, confirmed there has been no change in the company's internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the company's internal control over financial reporting. The company’s IT architecture and governance are integral to its strategic resource allocation and operational flexibility, facilitating the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes. The company’s ability to leverage IT resources effectively has become a key factor in transforming the firm into a competitive force, enhancing its market responsiveness and agility in addressing consumer demands.