Altria and its subsidiaries rely extensively on information systems, many of which are managed by third-party service providers, to support a variety of business processes and activities, including complying with regulatory, legal, financial reporting and tax requirements; engaging in marketing and e-commerce activities; managing and improving the effectiveness of operations; manufacturing and distributing products; collecting and storing sensitive data and confidential information; and communicating internally and externally with employees, investors, suppliers, trade customers, adult tobacco consumers and others. The failure of Altria's or its investees' information systems or service providers' or key suppliers' information systems to function as intended, or cyber-attacks or security breaches, could have a material adverse effect on the business, reputation, consolidated results of operations, cash flows or financial position of Altria, its subsidiaries or its investees. Altria continues to make appropriate investments in administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect its information systems and data from cyber-threats, including human error and malicious acts. While infiltration attempts have increased, interruptions of these information systems as a result of infiltration attempts have not had a material impact on operations. However, because technology is increasingly complex and cyber-attacks are increasingly sophisticated and more frequent, there can be no assurance that such incidents will not have a material adverse effect in the future. Altria continues to monitor the risks associated with facility disruptions and workforce availability as a result of uncertainty related to the COVID-19 pandemic and guidance from public health officials as it evolves its safety protocols. The continuing COVID-19 pandemic could have negative impacts, such as significant volatility in demand for products, changes in adult tobacco consumer accessibility to those products, and changes in adult tobacco consumer behavior and preferences. Altria's tobacco businesses face significant competition and their failure to compete effectively could have an adverse effect on the consolidated results of operations or cash flows of Altria, or the business of Altria's tobacco operating companies. Each of Altria's tobacco operating companies operates in highly competitive tobacco categories, and significant methods of competition include product quality, taste, price, product innovation, marketing, packaging, distribution and promotional activities. Altria and its tobacco operating companies have growth strategies involving moves and potential moves into innovative products or processes. Some innovative tobacco products may reduce the health risks associated with certain other tobacco products, while continuing to offer adult tobacco consumers products that meet their taste expectations and evolving preferences. Altria's investment in Juul subjects it to non-competition obligations restricting it from investing or engaging in the e-vapor business other than through Juul. The expected benefits of the Juul transaction may not materialize in the expected manner or timeframe or at all, including due to operational risks, competitive risks and regulatory and legislative risks. Altria will continue to monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on Juul's business, including near-term supply chain constraints, component part shortages and inflation. Altria's suppliers and those within its distribution chain continue to be subject to potential facility closures, remote working protocols, labor shortages, supply chain disruptions and inflation. Altria believes that the COVID-19 pandemic altered adult tobacco consumer behaviors and purchasing patterns, particularly in the earlier stages of the pandemic. Altria continues to monitor adult tobacco consumers' purchasing behaviors, including overall tobacco product expenditures, mix between premium and discount brand purchases and adoption of smoke-free products.