Our operations could also be affected by other factors that are presently unknown to us or not considered significant. The highly competitive nature of our industry requires us to maintain or improve gross margins and develop new and competitive memory and storage technologies, products, and markets. The competitive nature of our industry could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our future success depends on our ability to develop and produce competitive new memory and storage technologies. We may face technological barriers to continue to meet long-term customer needs, including potential limitations on stacking additional 3D memory layers, increasing bits per cell, meeting higher density requirements, and improving power consumption and reliability. We have invested and expect to continue to invest in R&D for new and existing products and process technologies to continue to deliver advanced product requirements. Our operations are dependent on our ability to procure advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment that enables the transition to lower-cost manufacturing processes. Our inability to obtain equipment on a timely basis could adversely affect our ability to transition to next-generation manufacturing processes and reduce our costs. We are subject to risks associated with our international sales and operations that could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our supply chain and operations are dependent on the availability of materials that meet exacting standards and the use of third parties to provide us with components and services. We generally have multiple sources of supply for our materials and services; however, only a limited number of suppliers are capable of delivering certain materials and services that meet our standards. Our manufacturing processes are also dependent on our relationships with third-party manufacturers of controllers, analog integrated circuits, and other components used in some of our products. Our business, results of operations, or financial condition could be adversely affected by the limited availability and quality of materials, supplies, and capital equipment. We are continuously evaluating alternatives for efficiently funding our capital expenditures and ongoing operations. We expect to receive proceeds from the sale of our Lehi facility, which will support our capital investments. Our cash flows from operations depend primarily on the volume of semiconductor memory and storage products sold, average selling prices, and manufacturing costs. We must make significant capital investments in manufacturing technology, capital equipment, facilities, R&D, and product and process technology to support future growth and achieve operating efficiencies. We face intense competition in the semiconductor memory and storage markets, and some of our competitors may have greater resources to invest in technology, capitalize on growth opportunities, and withstand downturns in the semiconductor markets. The competitive nature of our industry could lead to declines in average selling prices for our products and could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our inability to maintain or improve gross margins could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We may incur additional restructure charges or other losses in future periods associated with restructure initiatives aimed at streamlining our operations or responding to changes in business conditions. Our development of system-level memory and storage products is dependent on successfully identifying and meeting our customers' specifications for those products, which increases our reliance upon those customers for purchasing our products at sufficient volumes and prices in a timely manner.