nee and fpl are highly dependent on sensitive and complex information technology systems, and any failure or breach of those systems could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. the development and maintenance of information technology systems to keep track of and process information is critical and challenging due to the size, scope, complexity and geographical reach of nee's and fpl's business. if nee's or fpl's information technology systems were to fail or be breached, sensitive confidential and other data could be compromised, and they could be unable to fulfill critical business functions. the ability of nee and fpl to process and monitor a very large number of transactions daily is essential, and any such failure could materially adversely affect their ability to process transactions and provide services. modifying existing information systems or implementing new or replacement information systems is costly and involves risks, including integrating the modified, new or replacement system with existing systems and processes, implementing associated changes in accounting procedures and controls, and ensuring that data conversion is accurate and consistent. disruptions or deficiencies in existing information systems, or disruptions, delays or deficiencies in the modification or implementation of new information systems, could result in increased costs, the inability to track or collect revenues, and the diversion of management's and employees' attention and resources, negatively impacting the effectiveness of the companies' control environment. nee and fpl also face the risks of operational failure or capacity constraints of third parties, including those who provide power transmission and natural gas transportation services. the retail businesses of nee and fpl require access to sensitive customer data in the ordinary course of business, and if a significant breach occurred, it could materially adversely affect their reputation and customer confidence, leading to costs associated with the breach and potential fines and legal claims. the companies' information technology systems are vulnerable to disability, failures or unauthorized access due to various activities, including cyber incidents. terrorist acts, cyberattacks or other similar events affecting their systems and facilities could harm their business by limiting their ability to generate, purchase or transmit power, natural gas or other energy-related commodities, or by delaying their development and construction of new facilities or capital improvements to existing facilities. the implementation of security guidelines and measures has resulted in increased costs, and such events or actions may materially adversely affect their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. nee and fpl's business is influenced by various legislative and regulatory initiatives, including those related to information technology and cybersecurity, which may impose additional compliance costs. the companies must address the effects of regulation on their business, and any inability or failure to do so adequately could have a material adverse effect on their business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. the ability of nee and fpl to maintain their current credit ratings is also dependent on their management of information technology systems and related risks, as disruptions in these systems could affect their ability to raise capital or obtain credit on favorable terms.