Our reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve our members is dependent upon the reliable performance and security of our computer systems and those of third parties that we utilize in our operations. These systems may be subject to damage or interruption from, among other things, cybersecurity risks. Any significant disruption in or unauthorized access to our computer systems or those of third parties could result in a loss or degradation of service, unauthorized disclosure of data, or theft of intellectual property, which could adversely impact our business. We have implemented certain systems and processes to thwart hackers and protect our data and systems; however, the techniques used to gain unauthorized access are constantly evolving. We utilize our own communications and computer hardware systems located either in our facilities or in that of a third-party provider. We also utilize third-party "cloud" computing services in connection with our business operations. Problems faced by us or our third-party "cloud" computing or other network providers, including technological or business-related disruptions, as well as cybersecurity threats and regulatory interference, could adversely impact the experience of our members. We rely upon Amazon Web Services to operate certain aspects of our service, and any disruption of or interference with our use of Amazon Web Services would impact our operations and our business would be adversely impacted. We have architected our software and computer systems to utilize data processing, storage capabilities, and other services provided by Amazon Web Services. If the technology we use in operating our business fails, is unavailable, or does not operate to expectations, our business and results of operation could be adversely impacted. We utilize a combination of proprietary and third-party technology to operate our business. This includes the technology that we have developed to recommend and merchandise content to our consumers as well as enable fast and efficient delivery of content to our members. Our ability to efficiently and effectively deliver our streaming content to our members could be adversely impacted if internet service providers do not interconnect with our content delivery network or charge us to access their networks. We also utilize third-party technology to help market our service, process payments, and otherwise manage the daily operations of our business. If our technology or that of third parties we utilize fails or operates improperly, our ability to operate our service, retain existing members, and add new members may be impaired. Our computer systems and those of third parties we use are subject to cybersecurity threats, including cyber-attacks such as computer viruses, denial of service attacks, and similar disruptions. Any attempt by hackers to obtain our data or intellectual property, disrupt our service, or otherwise access our systems could harm our business, be expensive to remedy, and damage our reputation. We have built our own global content delivery network to help us efficiently stream a high volume of content to our members over the internet. The increase in expenses associated with streaming delivery costs and payment processing fees is driven by our growing member base. We must continually add new memberships to replace canceled memberships and to grow our business beyond our current membership base. If we do not grow as expected, our margins, liquidity, and results of operation may be adversely impacted. We are expanding our operations internationally, scaling our streaming service to effectively and reliably handle anticipated growth in both members and features related to our service, as well as scaling our ability to program and produce original content. As we scale our streaming service, we are developing technology and utilizing third-party cloud computing services. If we are not able to manage the growing complexity of our business, including improving, refining, or revising our corporate culture as well as our systems and operational practices related to our streaming operations and original content, our business may be adversely affected.