We operate in rapidly changing economic and technological environments that present numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Our success depends upon our ability to develop new products and services, integrate acquired products and services, and enhance our existing products and services. Rapid technological advances, intense competition, changing delivery models, and evolving standards in computer hardware and software development characterize the industries in which we compete. If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services, enhance and improve our product offerings and support services in a timely manner, or position and price our products and services to meet demand, customers may not purchase or subscribe to our offerings. We have continued to refresh and release new offerings of our cloud products and services. Machine learning and artificial intelligence are increasingly driving innovations in technology, but if they fail to operate as anticipated or our other products do not perform as promised, our business and reputation may be harmed. Our cloud strategy may adversely affect our revenues and profitability. We provide our cloud and other offerings to customers worldwide via deployment models that best suit their needs, including cloud-based offerings. As these business models continue to evolve, we may not be able to compete effectively or maintain the profitability of our cloud offerings. The increasing prevalence of cloud and software-as-a-service delivery models may unfavorably impact the pricing of our cloud and license offerings. If we do not successfully execute our cloud computing strategy or anticipate the cloud computing needs of our customers, our reputation as a cloud services provider could be harmed. We depend on suppliers to develop, manufacture, and deliver the necessary technologies and components for our hardware products and cloud infrastructure. Our supply chain operations could be disrupted or negatively impacted by industry consolidation, component constraints, or other factors affecting the countries where these vendors are located. We may experience significant coding, manufacturing, or configuration errors in our cloud, license, and hardware offerings. Errors in our offerings could affect their ability to function, integrate, or operate with other offerings, resulting in service interruptions or delays. Our enterprise customers rely on our offerings to run their businesses, and errors could expose us to product liability and performance claims. The nature of the IT industry creates a competitive landscape that is constantly evolving, and we face intense competition in all aspects of our business. Many vendors spend amounts in excess of what we spend to develop and market applications and infrastructure technologies. Our competitors may adopt business practices that provide customers access to competing products at a risk profile that we may not find acceptable, which may convince customers to purchase competitor products. We may need to change our pricing models to compete successfully. The intense competition we face could put pressure on us to change our prices, which may reduce revenues and margins. Our cloud offerings and hardware offerings are complex, and if we cannot successfully manage this complexity, the results of these businesses will suffer. We continually focus on improving our cost structure by hiring personnel in countries where advanced technical expertise is available at lower costs. Our selective and active acquisition program is an important element of our corporate strategy, and we expect to continue to make acquisitions in the future. However, we may face difficulties managing acquired technologies or entering new markets where we have limited experience. Our business practices with respect to data could give rise to operational interruption, liabilities, or reputational harm as a result of governmental regulation. As regulatory focus on privacy issues continues to increase, potential risks related to data collection and use will intensify.