Our ability to innovate effectively and respond to our competitors' initiatives is critical to maintaining and enhancing our competitive position. Innovations must be implemented in compliance with applicable insurance regulations and may require extensive modifications to our systems and processes and extensive coordination with and reliance on the systems of third parties. Our increasing reliance on third-party systems, including "cloud computing" environments and software as a service applications, presents challenges in using machine learning and artificial intelligence in our business processes in a responsible and compliant manner. The availability and uses of very large volumes of data (i.e., big data) and the challenges relating to analyzing those data sets, including the availability of sufficient internal and external talent that understand and can manage the complexity and related risks, are significant. Our business requires that we develop and maintain large and complex computer systems, and that we rely on third-party systems and applications to run our operations and to store the significant volume of data that we acquire, including the personal confidential information of our customers and employees and our intellectual property, trade secrets, and other sensitive business and financial information. Our systems are subject to "cyber-attacks" by third parties with substantial computing resources and capabilities, which are becoming more frequent and sophisticated. We undertake substantial efforts to protect our systems and sensitive or confidential information, including internal processes and technological defenses that are preventative or detective, and other controls designed to provide multiple layers of security protection. However, we have experienced minor incidents in the past, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in preventing future attacks or detecting and stopping them once they have begun. Our business depends on the secure and uninterrupted operation of our facilities, systems, and business functions, and the operation of various third-party systems. The shut-down or unavailability of one or more of our systems or facilities could significantly impair our ability to perform critical business functions on a timely basis. Our success will depend on our ability to continue to accurately predict our reinsurance needs, obtain sufficient reinsurance coverage for our property and other businesses at reasonable cost, and collect under our reinsurance contracts. Our insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulation and supervision by state insurance departments, and compliance with these laws and regulations will result in increased costs, which may be substantial and may adversely affect our profitability or our ability or desire to grow or operate our business in certain jurisdictions. The actual or alleged failure to comply with this complex variety of laws and regulations could result in actions or investigations by regulators, state attorneys general, federal officials, or other law enforcement officials. Such actions and investigations could potentially lead to significant monetary payments, fines and penalties, adverse publicity, and damage to our reputation in the marketplace or our brand. Our ability to attract, develop, and retain talent, including employees, managers, and executives, is critical to our success. Our success depends on our ability to attract, develop, compensate, motivate, and retain talented employees, including executives, other key managers, and employees with strong technological, analytical, and other skills and know-how necessary for us to run our insurance businesses and investment operations. Our failure to pay claims fairly, accurately, and in a timely manner, or to deploy claims resources appropriately and in a cost-effective manner, could result in unanticipated costs to us, lead to material litigation, undermine customer goodwill and our reputation in the marketplace, and impair our brand.