Our business may be adversely affected by changes in global economic conditions and geopolitical risks, which could impact sales of defense and other products and services. We are leveraging the Raytheon merger to undertake various strategic initiatives to transform the company and increase our existing focus on operational excellence. These initiatives include significant investments in digital technologies across our business to enhance our products and services. Our ongoing new customer-oriented results excellence operating system deployment is another one of these initiatives. The performance of our aerospace businesses is directly tied to economic conditions in the commercial aerospace industry, which is cyclical in nature. We invest substantial amounts in research and development efforts to pursue advancements in a wide range of technologies, products, and services. Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of our technological advancements depends on a variety of factors, including meeting development, production, certification, and regulatory approval schedules. We continue to make investments and adopt measures designed to enhance our protection, detection, response, and recovery capabilities, and to mitigate potential risks to our technology, products, services, and operations from potential cybersecurity threats. Our business and financial performance may be adversely affected by cyber-attacks on information technology infrastructure and products. Cybersecurity threats are evolving and include attacks on our IT infrastructure and attacks on the IT infrastructure of our customers, suppliers, subcontractors, and other third parties with whom we do business. We have experienced cyber-based attacks, and due to the evolving threat landscape, may continue to experience them going forward. The threats we face vary from attacks common to most industries to more advanced and persistent, highly organized adversaries, including nation-states, which target us and other defense contractors. Our operations include original equipment manufacturer and extensive related aftermarket parts and services related to our aerospace operations. Our defense business serves both domestic and international customers primarily as a prime contractor or subcontractor on a broad portfolio of defense and related programs for government customers. Our business mix also reflects the combination of shorter cycles in our commercial aerospace spares contracts and certain service contracts in our defense business. We believe that total net sales and operating profit are most relevant to an understanding of management's view of our segment performance. We recognize revenue on an over-time basis for substantially all defense contracts and certain long-term aerospace aftermarket contracts. We measure progress toward completion of these contracts on a percentage of completion basis, generally using costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at completion. The estimation of total revenue and cost at completion is complex, subject to many variables, and requires significant judgment by management on a contract-by-contract basis. We regularly assess capitalized contract fulfillment costs for impairment. Our contracts with the U.S. government are subject to audits, which may require significant adjustment of contract prices. We accrue for liabilities associated with these matters when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. The evolving nature of these standards, along with the long duration of development, production, and aftermarket support programs, creates uncertainty regarding program profitability, particularly with our aircraft engine products.