The financial performance of Southern Company and its subsidiaries may be adversely affected if the subsidiaries are unable to successfully operate their facilities or perform certain corporate functions. The registrants operate in highly regulated industries that require the continued operation of sophisticated technology systems and network infrastructure, which are part of interconnected systems. Cyber actors, including those associated with foreign governments, have attacked and threatened to attack energy infrastructure. The registrants and their third-party vendors have been subject to attempts to gain unauthorized access to their technology systems and confidential data or to disrupt utility and related business operations. An information security incident, including a cybersecurity breach, or the failure of, or inability to remotely access, one or more key technology systems, networks, or processes could impact the ability of the registrants to operate. The registrants cannot guarantee that security efforts will detect or prevent breaches, operational incidents, or other breakdowns of technology systems and network infrastructure and cannot provide any assurance that such incidents will not have a material adverse effect in the future. Additionally, the cost and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining, and enhancing system protection measures are significant, and they could materially increase to address ever-changing intense, complex, and sophisticated cyber risks. The registrants must attract, train, and retain a workforce to meet current and future needs, and events such as an aging workforce without appropriate replacements could lead to operating challenges. The traditional electric operating companies and Southern Power are in the process of constructing new generating facilities and adding environmental modifications to existing generating facilities, which requires substantial expenditures for investments in new facilities as well as capital improvements. The registrants continually seek opportunities to create value through various transactions, including acquisitions or sales of assets, and the success of these transactions may depend on the cooperation, performance, or credit risk of counterparties. Changes in technology could also alter the channels through which electric customers buy or utilize power, and advances in technologies or changes in laws or regulations could reduce the cost of distributed generation storage technologies or other alternative methods of producing power. The registrants are subject to risks associated with a changing economic environment, customer behaviors, including increased energy conservation, and adoption patterns of technologies by customers. The consumption and use of energy are linked to economic activity, and any economic downturn could negatively impact customer growth and usage per customer. The registrants' planning processes must project many years into the future to accommodate the long lead times associated with the permitting and construction of new generation and associated transmission facilities and natural gas distribution and storage facilities. The registrants are subject to risks related to the COVID-19 pandemic, including disruption to the construction of facilities and volatility in capital markets. The registrants' businesses are dependent on their ability to successfully access capital through capital markets and financial institutions, and if they are not able to access capital at competitive rates or on favorable terms, their ability to implement their business plan will be limited. The registrants face significant competition for transactional opportunities, and anticipated transactions may not be completed on acceptable terms or at all. The registrants' ability to meet their financial obligations is dependent on the net income and cash flows of their respective subsidiaries and the ability of those subsidiaries to pay upstream dividends or to repay borrowed funds.