The merger is subject to conditions, some of which may not be satisfied or completed on a timely basis, if at all. The success of the merger will depend, in part, on our ability to successfully combine and integrate our existing business with that of IHS Markit, and realize the anticipated benefits, including synergies, cost savings, innovation and technological opportunities and operational efficiencies from the merger in a manner that does not materially disrupt existing customer, supplier and employee relations. Our ability to realize these anticipated benefits is subject to certain risks, including whether we will perform as expected, the possibility that we paid more for IHS Markit than the value we will derive from the merger and the assumption of known and unknown liabilities of IHS Markit. The integration process may result in material challenges, including managing a larger, more complex combined business; maintaining employee morale and retaining key management and other employees; retaining existing business and operational relationships, including customers, suppliers and employees and other counterparties; consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures and eliminating duplicative operations, including unanticipated issues in integrating financial reporting, information technology infrastructure, data and content management systems and product platforms, communications and other systems. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential, sensitive and other types of data and information in our computer systems and networks and those of our third-party vendors. We experience cyber attacks and data breaches of varying degrees on a regular basis. Although there has not been a cyber attack that has had a material adverse effect on the company to date, there can be no assurance that there will not be a material adverse effect in the future. Our ability to deliver our products and services electronically may be impaired due to infrastructure or network failures, malicious or defective software, human error, natural disasters, service outages at third-party internet providers or increased government regulation. The rapid change of technology is a key feature of all of the markets in which we operate. To succeed in the future, we will need to deploy improved processes and technology to innovate, design, develop, assemble, test, market, and support new products and enhancements to our existing products in a timely and cost-effective manner. Innovation and constant development in support of new products and enhancements to existing products calls for the implementation of new and improved processes and technologies that require related change management efforts. We believe we have appropriate policies, processes and internal controls to ensure the stability of our information technology, provide security from unauthorized access to our systems and maintain business continuity, but our business could be subject to significant disruption and our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by unanticipated system failures, data corruption or unauthorized access to our systems. We are exposed to risks related to cybersecurity and protection of confidential information. Our ability to produce our products and develop new products is dependent upon the products of other suppliers, including certain data, software and service suppliers. Our businesses assess and analyze the impact of economic events, and we are taking actions consistent with our business procedures in response to the evolving conditions. We expect to incur substantial expenses and devote significant resources in connection with the completion of the merger and related divestitures, and the integration of a large number of processes, policies, procedures, operations, technologies and systems of S&P Global and IHS Markit in connection with the merger.