We recognize that most of the factors affecting our business are beyond our ability to control, including adverse changes in macro-economic factors. As a provider of telecommunications and technology services, we depend on suppliers to provide us with items such as network equipment and wireless-related equipment, which are subject to price fluctuations from various factors. Our business strategies reflect bundled product offerings that cut across product lines and utilize shared assets. The covid-19 pandemic has caused significant impacts on our operating results, including delays in service and increased costs associated with infrastructure investments required to meet higher network utilization. We must continually invest in our networks to improve our wireless and broadband services to meet increasing demand and changes in customer expectations. Our focus is on supporting added customer value with an improved customer experience, which involves significant expenses and requires strategic management decisions on network deployment and service offerings. Our ability to respond to competitive pressures will depend on continued improvement in network quality and customer service, as well as effective marketing of attractive products and services. The continuing growth of IP-based services has created conflicting regulations that may involve lengthy litigation to resolve. We expect revenue growth in our wireless and broadband businesses as customers demand instant connectivity and higher speeds made possible by wireless network enhancements. Our operational flexibility is critical as we transition from traditional networks to all IP-based networks, which requires significant capital investment. We are restructuring businesses, improving customer service through digital transformation, and reassessing overall benefit costs. The software benefits of our 5G wireless technology should result in a more efficient use of capital and lower network-related expenses in the coming years. Our ability to manage growth in wireless data services, including network quality and acquisition of adequate spectrum, is essential for maintaining competitive positioning. We expect that our simplified go-to-market strategy for 5G in underpenetrated markets will continue to contribute to wireless subscriber and service revenue growth. Our digital transformation initiatives are designed to reduce costs, streamline distribution, and improve processes and support functions. The integration of data/broadband and streaming services is a key focus as we expand our wireless network capabilities and provide broadband offerings that allow customers to integrate their home or business fixed services with their mobile service. We continue to develop efficiencies and a competitive advantage through cost transformation initiatives and product simplification. The ongoing development and delivery of attractive and profitable wireless, video content, and broadband offerings are critical to our future success. Our ability to generate subscription and advertising revenue from attractive video content will depend on unpredictable and rapidly evolving public viewing habits. The pandemic-related partial closure of movie theaters is expected to continue to pressure revenues, but we are working towards a shorter exclusive theatrical window for our film slate. Our capital allocation plan is focused on managing our debt level and paying dividends, which is subject to approval by our board of directors.