Our business involves the receipt, storage, and transmission of our customers' confidential information, including sensitive personal information and payment card information, which underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources. Unauthorized access to confidential information is difficult to anticipate, detect, or prevent, particularly given that the methods used by third parties to gain unauthorized access constantly change and evolve. We have experienced a criminal cyberattack that compromised certain data of millions of our current customers, former customers, and prospective customers, emphasizing the critical need for robust IT governance and security measures. The pandemic has presented additional operational and cybersecurity risks to our IT systems due to work-from-home arrangements. We have incurred certain cyberattack-related expenses and expect to continue to incur additional expenses in future periods, including costs to remediate the attack and enhance customer protection. Our ability to compete will depend upon continued improvement in network quality and customer service, effective marketing, innovation, and attractive pricing, all of which involve significant IT capabilities. We rely on highly skilled personnel throughout all levels of our business, and our future success depends on our ability to recruit, hire, motivate, and retain talented personnel, which is essential for maintaining our IT capabilities. System failures and business disruptions may prevent us from providing reliable service, which could materially adversely affect our reputation and financial condition. We rely upon systems and networks of third-party suppliers and other providers, in addition to our own, to provide and support our services. The integration of T-Mobile's and Sprint's businesses and culture could have an adverse impact on our employees and our IT capabilities. We expect to incur substantial additional expenses in connection with migrating the Sprint customer base and integrating T-Mobile's and Sprint's businesses, operations, policies, and procedures. Our long-term strategy is to migrate Sprint's legacy customers onto T-Mobile's existing billing platforms, and any unanticipated difficulties or significant delays could have adverse operational, financial, and reputational effects on our business. We are committed to enhancing security across our platforms and have entered into long-term partnerships with cybersecurity experts to ensure that our IT practices are among the best in our industry. We expect to continue to be the target of cyberattacks and other cybersecurity incidents, given the nature of our business, and any future incidents may have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition, cash flows, and operating results. Our ability to adapt to changes in available technology and to continually invest in our network is crucial for maintaining operational flexibility and competitive advantage. The ongoing integration activities and restructuring initiatives are expected to result in cost efficiencies by eliminating redundancies within our combined network and other business processes, which are critical for optimizing our IT capabilities. We are also subject to regulatory oversight on issues related to cybersecurity, which could impose new costs or require changes in current or planned operations. The challenges in satisfying government commitments and the costs incurred in tracking, monitoring, and complying with them could adversely impact our business and hinder our ability to effectively compete.