We rely on information technology in all aspects of our business, including technology systems operated by us or under control of third parties. If we do not have sufficient capital or do not deploy sufficient capital in a timely manner to acquire, develop, or implement new technology or maintain or upgrade current systems, such as positive train control (PTC) or the latest version of our transportation control systems, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage within the rail industry and with companies providing other modes of transportation service. We devote significant resources to protect our technology systems and proprietary data, and we have experienced and will likely continue to experience varying degrees of cyber incidents in the normal course of business. There can be no assurance that the systems we have designed to prevent or limit the effects of cyber incidents or attacks will be sufficient to prevent or detect such incidents or attacks, or to avoid a material adverse impact on our systems after such incidents or attacks do occur. A successful cyber-attack may result in significant service interruption; safety failure; other operational difficulties; unauthorized access to (or the loss of access to) competitively sensitive, confidential, or other critical data or systems; loss of customers; financial losses; regulatory fines; and misuse or corruption of critical data and proprietary information, which could all have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. We will continue transforming our railroad to increase reliability of our service product, reduce variability in network operations, and improve resource utilization. Our capital plan includes targeted freight car acquisitions, investments in growth-related projects to drive more carloads to the network, continuous modernization of our locomotive fleet, and projects intended to improve operational efficiency. We expect volume to outpace industrial production as the results of our business development efforts are bringing new customers to our railroad. We are continually evaluating our financial condition and liquidity, and we maintain adequate resources, including our credit facility and access to capital markets to meet any foreseeable cash requirements. Our operating practices command center will continue the implementation of our predictive technology and reduce variability by identifying causes of mainline service interruptions and developing solutions. We will continue our efforts to utilize data to identify and mitigate risk, detect rail defects, and improve or close crossings. Our initiatives will be informed by recommendations identified in the third-party assessment of the effectiveness of our safety program. We are subject to governmental regulation covering a variety of health, safety, labor, environmental, economic, tax, and other matters. We face competition from other railroads, motor carriers, ships, barges, and pipelines, and improvements or expenditures materially increasing the quality or reducing the costs of these alternative modes of transportation could adversely affect our competitive positioning. We are exposed to severe weather conditions and other natural phenomena that can adversely affect our entire rail network, potentially negatively affecting revenue, costs, and liabilities. Our business, financial condition, and results of operations have been adversely affected by COVID-19, which has caused a global slowdown of economic activity, disruptions in global supply chains, and significant volatility and disruption of financial markets. We expect uncertainties with COVID-19 and the economy to continue, which could have a material impact on our financial and operating results.