Our ability to execute on our long-term strategy depends in part on our ability to engage in transactions and collaborations with other entities that add to our pipeline or provide us with new commercial opportunities. We invest significant resources in the research and development of therapies for serious diseases, and our future success is dependent on our ability to successfully develop additional product candidates for both cystic fibrosis (CF) and non-CF indications. The discovery and development of a new pharmaceutical or biological product is a difficult and lengthy process that requires significant financial resources along with extensive technical and regulatory expertise. Our investments in product candidates are subject to considerable risks, and we closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials, and nonclinical studies. Our business requires ensuring appropriate manufacturing and reimbursement of our products, and we rely on a global network of third parties and our internal capabilities to manufacture and distribute our products for commercial sale and post-approval clinical trials. We expect to continue to focus significant resources to obtain expanded reimbursement for our CF medicines and ultimately pipeline therapies in U.S. and ex-U.S. markets. We are investing significant resources in the research, development, manufacturing, and commercialization of cell and genetic therapies, which are subject to the same risks and uncertainties as small molecules. The manufacturing processes for cell and genetic therapies are different and more complex than those required for small molecule drugs and require different systems, equipment, facilities, and expertise to develop and maintain. We have limited experience developing and commercializing cell and genetic therapies and could experience challenges with these programs, which could result in delays or prevent the development, manufacturing, and commercialization of our cell and genetic therapies. We maintain and rely extensively on information technology systems and network infrastructures for the effective operation of our business. A disruption, infiltration, or failure of our information technology systems or any of our data centers could cause breaches of data security and loss of critical data, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business. We have implemented security measures to minimize these risks to our data and information technology systems and have adopted a business continuity plan to deal with a disruption to our information technology systems. However, there can be no assurance that our efforts to protect our data and information systems will prevent breakdowns or breaches in our systems that could adversely affect our business. We also face risks associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, which has broadly affected the global economy and put a significant strain on healthcare resources. The pandemic has resulted in significant travel and work restrictions in many regions, impacting our operations and those of our collaborators, third-party contractors, and other entities with which we interact. We expect that cash flows from our products, together with our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next twelve months. We are subject to various and evolving laws and regulations governing the privacy and security of personal data, and our failure to comply could adversely affect our business, result in fines and/or criminal penalties, and damage our reputation. Our ability to attract and retain skilled employees is critical, and we face intense competition for our personnel from our competitors and other companies throughout our industry.