Management reported that 2017 was marked by operational excellence across our business, as we accomplished many key goals that position us for future growth. Management overview indicates that Gilead seeks to add to its existing portfolio of products through internal discovery and clinical development programs and through product acquisition and in-licensing strategies, with operations in more than 35 countries worldwide and U.S. and international commercial sales operations, with marketing subsidiaries in over 35 countries. We continued to execute on and maximize the opportunity in HCV in a changing competitive landscape. In order to further develop our product pipeline, we will focus on leveraging our balance sheet to pursue partnering and acquisition opportunities which fit into our long-term strategic plan. We will continue to maintain our strong focus on operational excellence and financial discipline. From an R&D perspective, we will continue to invest in new and ongoing clinical studies, which support both our existing products and our product candidates, and we continually review our R&D pipeline and the status of development and, as necessary, reallocate resources among the R&D portfolio that we believe will best support the future growth of our business. We used foreign currency exchange contracts to hedge a percentage of our foreign currency exposure. We believe that our existing capital resources, supplemented by our cash flows generated from operating activities, will be adequate to satisfy our capital needs for the foreseeable future, although our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the possibility of acquiring additional manufacturing capabilities or office facilities, the possibility of acquiring other companies or new products, debt service requirements, and the establishment of additional collaborative relationships with other companies. We are required to comply with certain covenants under our notes indentures and as of December 31, 2017, we were not in violation of any covenants. In connection with our acquisition of Kite, we acquired intangible assets primarily related to IPR&D projects and gained new technology platforms that will enhance research and development efforts in cellular therapy, financing the transaction with senior unsecured notes, term loan facilities and cash on hand. During 2017, we generated $11.9 billion in operating cash flow, paid cash dividends of $2.7 billion and repurchased a total of 13 million shares for $954 million. Our progress on all of these initiatives is subject to a number of uncertainties, including, but not limited to, the continuation of an uncertain global macroeconomic environment, additional pricing pressures from payers and competitors, slower than anticipated growth in our products, increases in discounts, chargebacks and rebates, market share and price erosion from generic competition, potential amendments to the Affordable Care Act and volatility in foreign currency exchange rates. We believe the methodology that we use to estimate our government and other rebates and chargebacks is reasonable and appropriate given the current facts and circumstances.