In preparation for the withdrawal, we have implemented changes to our operating model in the region, including establishing our principal EU banking and broker-dealer operations outside the U.K. The changes are expected to enable us to continue to service our clients with minimal disruption, retain operational flexibility, minimize transition risks and maximize legal entity efficiencies, independent of the outcome and timing of the withdrawal. The corporation has established an enterprise-wide initiative to identify, assess and monitor risks associated with the potential discontinuation or unavailability of benchmarks, including LIBOR, and the transition to alternative reference rates. Sound risk management enables us to serve our customers and deliver for our shareholders, and our risk framework and articulated risk appetite set forth clear roles, responsibilities and accountability for the management of risk. Forward-looking capital planning, financial planning and strategic planning processes include capital scenario management and stress forecasting on a periodic basis to better understand balance sheet, earnings and capital sensitivities to economic and business scenarios that are more severe than anticipated. Contingency plans, including the capital contingency plan and financial contingency and recovery plan, provide monitoring, escalation, actions and routines designed to enable us to increase capital, access funding sources and reduce risk through consideration of potential options that include asset sales, business sales, capital or debt issuances or other de-risking strategies. We have developed and maintain contingency funding plans that outline our potential responses to liquidity stress events at various levels of severity. We maintain liquidity in the form of cash and high-quality, liquid, unencumbered securities that are readily available even during stressed market conditions, and our bank subsidiaries can also generate incremental liquidity by pledging unencumbered loans and securities to Federal Home Loan Banks and the Federal Reserve discount window. The enterprise model risk committee defines model risk standards, consistent with our risk framework and risk appetite, prevailing regulatory guidance and industry best practices, and oversees model risk management and governance. Our trading risk management process employs quantitative measures such as value-at-risk, stress testing and backtesting of trading portfolios, complemented by qualitative assessments to ensure portfolio resilience under stress. Cybersecurity risk represents exposure to failures or interruptions of service or breaches of security that impact the confidentiality, availability or integrity of our operations, systems or data, and our information security program is designed to protect the corporation by enabling preventative and detective measures under board and Enterprise Risk Committee oversight. Our approach to operational risk management is outlined in the Operational Risk Management enterprise policy, which establishes the requirements of the corporation’s operational risk management program and specifies the responsibilities and accountabilities of the first and second lines of defense for managing operational risk so that our business processes are designed and executed effectively.