The Management’s Discussion and Analysis highlights that “the continuing shift from an offline to online world has contributed to the growth of our business since inception … and we expect that this online shift will continue to benefit our business,” noting that “as interactions between users and advertisers change … we continue to expand and evolve our product offerings to serve their changing needs.” It further observes that “users are increasingly using diverse devices and modalities to access our products and services … we seek to expand our products and services to stay in front of this shift in order to maintain and grow our business.” The report discloses that “our international revenues … are subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates” and describes a “foreign exchange risk management program designed to reduce our exposure to these fluctuations.” To monitor volatility, management “uses non-GAAP constant currency revenues and constant currency revenue growth for financial and operational decision-making and as a means to evaluate period-to-period comparisons.” On resource deployment, the company states that it “will invest heavily in R&D and capital expenditures” in strategic focus areas such as advertising, cloud, machine learning and search, that “acquisitions remain an important part of our strategy and use of capital,” and that it “believes that our sources of funding will be sufficient to satisfy our currently anticipated cash requirements including capital expenditures, working capital requirements, potential acquisitions and other liquidity requirements through at least the next 12 months.” The MD&A describes investing activities as “purchases of property and equipment; purchases, maturities, and sales of marketable and non-marketable securities; and payments for acquisitions” and operating uses of cash as “payments to our Google network members and distribution partners, and payments for content acquisition costs.” In the critical accounting policies section, the company explains that it prepares its consolidated financial statements “in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles … make estimates and assumptions that affect our reported amounts … and evaluate these estimates on an ongoing basis,” acknowledges that “changes in the accounting estimates are reasonably likely to occur,” and asserts that “long-lived assets … are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.” It further describes “loss contingencies” for claims, suits and investigations, stating that “we record a liability when we believe that it is probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated” and that “if we determine that a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss can be estimated, we disclose the possible loss.” The report also notes that “seasonal fluctuations in internet usage, advertising expenditures and underlying business trends such as traditional retail seasonality have affected, and are likely to continue to affect, our business” and that “commercial queries typically increase significantly in the fourth quarter of each year,” causing fluctuations in quarterly results.