We experienced significant volatility in our gaming revenue during fiscal 2019 driven by cryptocurrency-mining demand and its after-effects, and by deteriorating macroeconomic conditions, particularly in China, which adversely impacted consumer demand for GeForce gaming GPUs; as a result, we shipped more desktop gaming GPU products relative to end-user demand in part of fiscal 2019 and subsequently reduced shipments to allow the channel to work down that inventory, and for fiscal 2020 we expect gaming revenue to be slightly down, with expected growth from Turing-based GPU products and notebook GPU products partially offsetting the previously noted factors. Toward the end of fiscal 2019, customers across broad-based vertical markets and geographies became increasingly cautious due to economic uncertainty, leading to paused datacenter deals and low visibility, which we believe is temporary with recovery anticipated later in fiscal 2020. Situations that may result in excess or obsolete inventory include changes in business and economic conditions, changes in market conditions, sudden and significant decreases in demand for our products, inventory obsolescence because of changing technology and customer requirements, failure to estimate customer demand properly, or unexpected competitive pricing actions by our competition; in addition, cancellation or deferral of customer purchase orders could result in our holding excess inventory. As a fabless semiconductor company, we make purchase commitments based on forecasts of future customer demand, accounting for third-party manufacturers’ lead times and constraints, and adjust to market factors, such as product offerings and pricing actions by our competitors, new product transitions, and macroeconomic conditions, all of which may impact demand for our products. We believe that our existing cash balances and anticipated cash flows from operations will be sufficient to meet our operating requirements for at least the next twelve months. Our investment policy requires the purchase of highly rated fixed income securities, the diversification of investment types and credit exposures, and certain limits on our portfolio duration; all of our available-for-sale debt investments are subject to a periodic impairment review, and we record a charge to earnings when a decline in fair value is significantly below cost basis and judged to be other-than-temporary. From time to time, we are involved in legal actions and investigations by regulatory bodies; because there are many uncertainties associated with litigation and investigations, if a loss becomes probable and reasonably estimable, we record the loss in accordance with U.S. GAAP. As of January 27, 2019, we had $7.42 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, had not drawn on our $575 million revolving credit agreement, and had not issued any commercial paper under our $575 million program. During fiscal 2019, we repurchased 9 million shares for $1.58 billion and paid $371 million in cash dividends, and in November 2018 the board authorized an additional $7.00 billion share repurchase program extension through December 2022. We also began construction on a 750,000-square-foot building on our Santa Clara campus, currently targeted for completion in fiscal 2022.