item 1a. risk factorsyou should carefully consider the following risks and other information in this form 10-k in evaluating abbvie and abbvie's common stock. any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect abbvie's results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. the risk factors generally have been separated into two groups: risks related to abbvie's business and risks related to abbvie's common stock. based on the information currently known to it, abbvie believes that the following information identifies the most significant risk factors affecting it in each of these categories of risks. however, the risks and uncertainties abbvie faces are not limited to those set forth in the risk factors described below and may not be in order of importance or probability of occurrence. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to abbvie or that abbvie currently believes to be immaterial may also adversely affect its business. in addition, past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods.
if any of the following risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, these events could have a material adverse effect on abbvie's business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. in such case, the trading price of abbvie's common stock could decline.
risks related to abbvie's business public health outbreaks, epidemics or pandemics, such as the coronavirus (covid-19), have had, and could in the future have, an adverse impact on abbvie's operations and financial condition.
public health outbreaks, epidemics or pandemics have had, and could in the future have, an adverse impact on abbvie's operations and financial condition. the continuing pandemic caused by the novel strain of coronavirus (covid-19) has caused many countries, including the united states, to declare national emergencies and implement preventive measures such as travel bans and shelter in place or total lock-down orders, some of which have eased. the continuation or re-implementation of these bans and orders remains uncertain. the covid-19 pandemic has caused abbvie to modify its business practices (including instituting remote work for many of abbvie's employees), and abbvie may take further actions as may be required by government authorities or as abbvie determines are in the best interests of abbvie's employees, patients, customers and business partners.
while the impact of covid-19 on abbvie's operations, including, among others, its manufacturing and supply chain, sales and marketing, commercial and clinical trial operations, to date has not been material, abbvie has experienced lower new patient starts in certain products and markets. the impact of covid-19 on abbvie over the long-term is uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence. the extent of the adverse impact of covid-19 on abbvie's operations will depend on the extent and severity of the continued spread of covid-19 globally, the timing and nature of actions taken to respond to covid-19 and the resulting economic consequences. ultimately, efforts to mitigate the impact of covid-19 may not completely prevent abbvie's business from being adversely affected and future impacts remain uncertain.
abbvie relies on patent, trademark and other intellectual property protection in the discovery, development, manufacturing and sale of its products. in particular, patent protection is, in the aggregate, important in abbvie's marketing of pharmaceutical products in the united states and most major markets outside of the united states. patents covering abbvie products normally provide market exclusivity, which is important for the profitability of many of abbvie's products.
as patents for certain of its products expire, abbvie will or could face competition from lower priced generic or biosimilar products. the expiration or loss of patent protection for a product typically is followed promptly by substitutes that may significantly reduce sales for that product in a short amount of time. if abbvie's competitive position is compromised because of generics, biosimilars or otherwise, it could have a material adverse effect on abbvie's business and results of operations. in addition, proposals emerge from time to time for legislation to further encourage the early and rapid approval of generic drugs or biosimilars. any such proposals that are enacted into law could increase the impact of generic competition.
abbvie's principal patents and trademarks are described in greater detail in item 1, "business-intellectual property protection and regulatory exclusivity" and item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-results of operations," and litigation regarding these patents is described in item 3, "legal proceedings." the united states composition of matter patent for humira, which is abbvie's largest product and had worldwide net revenues of approximately $20.7 billion in 2021, expired in december 2016, and the equivalent european union patent expired in the majority of european union countries in october 2018.
15       | 2021 form 10-k abbvie's major products could lose patent protection earlier than expected, which could adversely affect abbvie's future revenues and operating earnings.
third parties or government authorities may challenge or seek to invalidate or circumvent abbvie's patents and patent applications. for example, manufacturers of generic pharmaceutical products file, and may continue to file, abbreviated new drug applications with the fda seeking to market generic forms of abbvie's products prior to the expiration of relevant patents owned or licensed by abbvie by asserting that the patents are invalid, unenforceable and/or not infringed. in addition, petitioners have filed, and may continue to file, challenges to the validity of abbvie patents under the 2011 leahy-smith america invents act, which created inter partes review and post grant review procedures for challenging patent validity in administrative proceedings at the united states patent and trademark office.
although most of the challenges to abbvie's intellectual property have come from other businesses, governments may also challenge intellectual property rights. for example, court decisions and potential legislation relating to patents, such as legislation regarding biosimilars, and other regulatory initiatives may result in further erosion of intellectual property protection. in addition, certain governments outside the united states have indicated that compulsory licenses to patents may be sought to further their domestic policies or on the basis of national emergencies, such as hiv/aids. if triggered, compulsory licenses could diminish or eliminate sales and profits from those jurisdictions and negatively affect abbvie's results of operations.
abbvie normally responds to challenges by vigorously defending its patents, including by filing patent infringement lawsuits. patent litigation, administrative proceedings and other challenges to abbvie's patents are costly and unpredictable and may deprive abbvie of market exclusivity for a patented product. to the extent abbvie's intellectual property is successfully challenged, circumvented or weakened, or to the extent such intellectual property does not allow abbvie to compete effectively, abbvie's business will suffer. to the extent that countries do not enforce abbvie's intellectual property rights or require compulsory licensing of abbvie's intellectual property, abbvie's future revenues and operating earnings will be reduced.
a third party's intellectual property may prevent abbvie from selling its products or have a material adverse effect on abbvie's future profitability and financial condition.
third parties may claim that an abbvie product infringes upon their intellectual property. resolving an intellectual property infringement claim can be costly and time consuming and may require abbvie to enter into license agreements. abbvie cannot guarantee that it would be able to obtain license agreements on commercially reasonable terms. a successful claim of patent or other intellectual property infringement could subject abbvie to significant damages or an injunction preventing the manufacture, sale, or use of the affected abbvie product or products. any of these events could have a material adverse effect on abbvie's profitability and financial condition.
humira accounted for approximately 37% of abbvie's total net revenues in 2021. any significant event that adversely affects humira's revenues could have a material adverse impact on abbvie's results of operations and cash flows. these events could include loss of patent protection for humira (as described further in "-the expiration or loss of patent protection and licenses may adversely affect abbvie's future revenues and operating earnings" above), the commercialization of biosimilars of humira, the discovery of previously unknown side effects or impaired efficacy, increased competition from the introduction of new, more effective or less expensive treatments and discontinuation or removal from the market of humira for any reason.
abbvie's research and development efforts may not succeed in developing and marketing commercially successful products and technologies, which may cause its revenues and profitability to decline.
to remain competitive, abbvie must continue to launch new products and new indications and/or brand extensions for existing products, and such launches must generate revenue sufficient both to cover its substantial research and development costs and to replace revenues of profitable products that are lost to or displaced by competing products or therapies. failure to do so would have a material adverse effect on abbvie's revenue and profitability. accordingly, abbvie commits substantial effort, funds, and other resources to research and development and must make ongoing substantial expenditures without any assurance that its efforts will be commercially successful. a high rate of failure in the biopharmaceutical industry is inherent in the research and development of new products, and failure can occur at any point in the research and development process, including after significant funds have been invested. products that appear promising in development may fail to reach the market for numerous reasons, including failure to demonstrate effectiveness, safety concerns, superior safety or efficacy of competing therapies, failure to achieve positive clinical or pre-clinical outcomes beyond the current standards of care, inability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals or delays in the approval of new products and new indications, limited scope of approved uses, excessive costs to manufacture, the failure to obtain or maintain intellectual property rights, or infringement of the intellectual property rights of others.
decisions about research studies made early in the development process of a pharmaceutical product candidate can affect the marketing strategy once such candidate receives approval. more detailed studies may demonstrate additional benefits that can help in the marketing, but they also consume time and resources and may delay submitting the pharmaceutical product candidate for approval. abbvie cannot guarantee that a proper balance of speed and testing will be made with respect to each pharmaceutical product candidate or that decisions in this area would not adversely affect abbvie's future results of operations.
even if abbvie successfully develops and markets new products or enhancements to its existing products, they may be quickly rendered obsolete by changing clinical preferences, changing industry standards, or competitors' innovations. abbvie's innovations may not be accepted quickly in the marketplace because of existing clinical practices or uncertainty over third-party reimbursement. abbvie cannot state with certainty when or whether any of its products under development will be launched, whether it will be able to develop, license, or otherwise acquire compounds or products, or whether any products will be commercially successful. failure to launch successful new products or new indications for existing products may cause abbvie's products to become obsolete, causing abbvie's revenues and operating results to suffer.
a portion of abbvie's near-term pharmaceutical pipeline relies on collaborations with third parties, which may adversely affect the development and sale of its products.
abbvie depends on alliances and joint ventures with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for a portion of the products in its near-term pharmaceutical pipeline. failures by these parties to meet their contractual, regulatory, or other obligations to abbvie, or any disruption in the relationships between abbvie and these third parties, could have an adverse effect on abbvie's pharmaceutical pipeline and business. in addition, abbvie's collaborative relationships for research and development extend for many years and may give rise to disputes regarding the relative rights, obligations and revenues of abbvie and its collaboration partners, including the ownership of intellectual property and associated rights and obligations. this could result in the loss of intellectual property rights or protection, delay the development and sale of potential pharmaceutical products and lead to lengthy and expensive litigation, administrative proceedings or arbitration.
the successful discovery, development, manufacturing and sale of biologics is a long, expensive and uncertain process. there are unique risks and uncertainties with biologics. for example, access to and supply of necessary biological materials, such as cell lines, may be limited and governmental regulations restrict access to and regulate the transport and use of such materials. in addition, the development, manufacturing and sale of biologics is subject to regulations that are often more complex and extensive than the regulations applicable to other pharmaceutical products. manufacturing biologics, especially in large quantities, is often complex and may require the use of innovative technologies. such manufacturing also requires facilities specifically designed and validated for this purpose and sophisticated quality assurance and quality control procedures. biologics are also frequently costly to manufacture because production inputs are derived from living animal or plant material, and some biologics cannot be made synthetically. failure to successfully discover, develop, manufacture and sell biologics-including humira-could adversely impact abbvie's business and results of operations.
abbvie's biologic products are subject to competition from biosimilars.
the biologics price competition and innovation act creates a framework for the approval of biosimilars in the united states and could allow competitors to reference data from biologic products already approved. in europe, the european commission has granted marketing authorizations for several biosimilars pursuant to a set of general and product class-specific guidelines for biosimilar approvals issued over the past few years. in addition, companies are developing biosimilars in other countries that could and do compete with abbvie's biologic products, including humira. as competitors obtain marketing approval for biosimilars referencing abbvie's biologic products, abbvie's products may become subject to competition from such biosimilars, with the attendant competitive pressure and consequences. expiration or successful challenge of abbvie's applicable patent rights could also trigger competition from other products, assuming any relevant exclusivity period has expired. as a result, abbvie could face more litigation and administrative proceedings with respect to the validity and/or scope of patents relating to its biologic products.
new products and technological advances by abbvie's competitors may negatively affect abbvie's results of operations.
abbvie competes with other research-based pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies that discover, manufacture, market and sell proprietary pharmaceutical products and biologics. for example, humira competes with anti-tnf products
17       | 2021 form 10-k and other competitive products intended to treat a number of disease states and mavyret/maviret competes with other available hepatitis c treatment options. in addition, in the past few years, a number of other companies have started to develop, have successfully developed and/or are currently marketing products that are being positioned as competitors to botox. all of these competitors may introduce new products or develop technological advances that compete with abbvie's products in therapeutic areas such as immunology, hematologic oncology, aesthetics, neuroscience, eye care and women's health. abbvie cannot predict with certainty the timing or impact of the introduction by competitors of new products or technological advances. such competing products may be safer, more effective, more effectively marketed or sold, or have lower prices or superior performance features than abbvie's products, and this could negatively impact abbvie's business and results of operations.
the manufacture of many of abbvie's products is a highly exacting and complex process, and if abbvie or one of its suppliers encounters problems manufacturing abbvie's products, abbvie's business could suffer.
the manufacture of many of abbvie's products is a highly exacting and complex process, due in part to strict regulatory requirements. problems may arise during manufacturing for a variety of reasons, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, problems with raw materials, delays related to the construction of new facilities or the expansion of existing facilities, including those intended to support future demand for abbvie's products, changes in manufacturing production sites and limits to manufacturing capacity due to regulatory requirements, changes in the types of products produced, physical limitations that could inhibit continuous supply, man-made or natural disasters and environmental factors. if problems arise during the production of a batch of product, that batch of product may have to be discarded and abbvie may experience product shortages or incur added expenses. this could, among other things, lead to increased costs, lost revenue, damage to customer relations, time and expense spent investigating the cause and, depending on the cause, similar losses with respect to other batches or products. if problems are not discovered before the product is released to the market, recall and product liability costs may also be incurred.
abbvie uses a number of products in its pharmaceutical and biologic manufacturing processes that are sourced from single suppliers, and an interruption in the supply of those products could adversely affect abbvie's business and results of operations.
abbvie uses a number of products in its pharmaceutical and biologic manufacturing processes that are sourced from single suppliers. the failure of these single-source suppliers to fulfill their contractual obligations in a timely manner or as a result of regulatory noncompliance or physical disruption at a manufacturing site may impair abbvie's ability to deliver its products to customers on a timely and competitive basis, which could adversely affect abbvie's business and results of operations. finding an alternative supplier could take a significant amount of time and involve significant expense due to the nature of the products and the need to obtain regulatory approvals. abbvie cannot guarantee that it will be able to reach agreement with alternative providers or that regulatory authorities would approve abbvie's use of such alternatives. abbvie does, however, carry business interruption insurance, which provides a degree of protection in the case of a failure by a single-source supplier.
abbvie relies on suppliers, vendors and other third party service providers to research, develop, manufacture, commercialize, promote and sell its products. reliance on third party manufacturers reduces abbvie's oversight and control of the manufacturing process. some of these third party providers are subject to legal and regulatory requirements, privacy and security risks and market risks of their own. the failure of a critical third party service provider to meet its obligations could have a material adverse impact on abbvie's operations and results. if any third party service providers have violated or are alleged to have violated any laws or regulations during the performance of their obligations to abbvie, it is possible that abbvie could suffer financial and reputational harm or other negative outcomes, including possible legal consequences.
significant safety or efficacy issues could arise for abbvie's products, which could have a material adverse effect on abbvie's revenues and financial condition.
pharmaceutical products receive regulatory approval based on data obtained in controlled clinical trials of limited duration. following regulatory approval, these products will be used over longer periods of time in many patients. investigators may also conduct additional, and perhaps more extensive, studies. if new safety or efficacy issues are reported or if new scientific information becomes available (including results of post-marketing phase 4 trials), or if governments change standards regarding safety, efficacy or labeling, abbvie may be required to amend the conditions of use for a product. for example, abbvie may voluntarily provide or be required to provide updated information on a product's label or narrow its approved indication, either of which could reduce the product's market acceptance. if safety or efficacy issues with an abbvie product arise, sales of the product could be halted by abbvie or by regulatory authorities and regulatory action could be taken by such regulatory authorities. safety or efficacy issues affecting suppliers' or competitors' products also may reduce the market acceptance of abbvie's products.
new data about abbvie's products, or products similar to its products, could negatively impact demand for abbvie's products due to real or perceived safety issues or uncertainty regarding efficacy and, in some cases, could result in product withdrawal. furthermore, new data and information, including information about product misuse, may lead government agencies, professional societies, practice management groups or organizations involved with various diseases to publish guidelines or recommendations related to the use of abbvie's products or the use of related therapies or place restrictions on sales. such guidelines or recommendations may lead to lower sales of abbvie's products.
abbvie is subject to product liability claims and other lawsuits that may adversely affect its business and results of operations.
in the ordinary course of business, abbvie is the subject of product liability claims and lawsuits alleging that abbvie's products or the products of other companies that it promotes have resulted or could result in an unsafe condition for or injury to patients. for example, lawsuits are pending against allergan, abbvie's recently acquired subsidiary, and certain of its current and former officers alleging they made misrepresentations and omissions regarding allergan's textured breast implants. product liability claims and lawsuits and safety alerts or product recalls, regardless of their ultimate outcome, may have a material adverse effect on abbvie's business, results of operations and reputation and on its ability to attract and retain customers. consequences may also include additional costs, a decrease in market share for the product in question, lower income and exposure to other claims. product liability losses are self-insured.
abbvie is also the subject of other claims, legal proceedings and investigations in the ordinary course of business, which relate to the intellectual property, commercial, securities and other matters. adverse outcomes in such claims, legal proceedings and investigations may also adversely affect abbvie's business and results of operations. additionally, allergan has been named as a defendant in approximately 3,130 matters relating to the promotion and sale of prescription opioid pain relievers and additional suits may be filed. see note 15, "legal proceedings and contingencies" to the consolidated financial statements included under item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data." abbvie cannot predict the outcome of these proceedings.
abbvie is subject to cost-containment efforts and pricing pressures that could cause a reduction in future revenues and operating earnings, and changes in the terms of rebate and chargeback programs, which are common in the pharmaceuticals industry, could have a material adverse effect on abbvie's operations.
cost-containment efforts by governments and private organizations are described in greater detail in item 1, "business-regulation-commercialization, distribution and manufacturing." to the extent these cost containment efforts are not offset by greater demand, increased patient access to health care, or other factors, abbvie's future revenues and operating earnings will be reduced. in the united states, the european union and other countries, abbvie's business has experienced downward pressure on product pricing, and this pressure could increase in the future.
abbvie is subject to increasing public and legislative pressure with respect to pharmaceutical pricing. in the united states, practices of managed care groups, and institutional and governmental purchasers, and united states federal laws and regulations related to medicare and medicaid, including the medicare prescription drug improvement and modernization act of 2003 and the patient protection and affordable care act, contribute to pricing pressures. the potential for continuing changes to the health care system in the united states and the increased purchasing power of entities that negotiate on behalf of medicare, medicaid and private sector beneficiaries could result in additional pricing pressures.
in numerous major markets worldwide, the government plays a significant role in funding health care services and determining the pricing and reimbursement of pharmaceutical products. consequently, in those markets, abbvie is subject to government decision-making and budgetary actions with respect to its products. in particular, many european countries have ongoing government-mandated price reductions for many pharmaceutical products, and abbvie anticipates continuing pricing pressures in europe. differences between countries in pricing regulations could lead to third-party cross-border trading in abbvie's products that results in a reduction in future revenues and operating earnings.
rebates related to government programs, such as fee-for-service medicaid or medicaid managed care programs, arise from laws and regulations. abbvie cannot predict if additional government initiatives to contain health care costs or other factors could lead to new or modified regulatory requirements that include higher or incremental rebates or discounts. other rebate and discount programs arise from contractual agreements with private payers. various factors, including market factors and the ability of private payers to control patient access to products, may provide payers the leverage to negotiate higher or additional rebates or discounts that could have a material adverse effect on abbvie's operations.
19       | 2021 form 10-k abbvie is subject to numerous governmental regulations, and it can be costly to comply with these regulations and to develop compliant products and processes.
abbvie's products are subject to rigorous regulation by numerous international, supranational, federal and state authorities, as described in item 1, "business-regulation-discovery and clinical development," "business-regulation-commercialization, distribution and manufacturing," and "business-regulation-medical devices." the process of obtaining regulatory approvals to market a pharmaceutical product can be costly and time consuming, and approvals might not be granted for future products, or additional indications or uses of existing products, on a timely basis, if at all. delays in the receipt of, or failure to obtain approvals for, future products, or new indications and uses, could result in delayed realization of product revenues, reduction in revenues and substantial additional costs.
in addition, abbvie cannot guarantee that it will remain compliant with applicable regulatory requirements once approval has been obtained for a product. these requirements include, among other things, regulations regarding manufacturing practices, product labeling and advertising and post-marketing reporting, including adverse event reports and field alerts due to manufacturing quality concerns. abbvie must incur expense and spend time and effort to ensure compliance with these complex regulations.
possible regulatory actions could result in substantial modifications to abbvie's business practices and operations; refunds, recalls or seizures of abbvie's products; a total or partial shutdown of production in one or more of abbvie's or its suppliers' facilities while abbvie or its supplier remedies the alleged violation; the inability to obtain future approvals; and withdrawals or suspensions of current products from the market. any of these events could disrupt abbvie's business and have a material adverse effect on its business and results of operations.
laws and regulations affecting government benefit programs could impose new obligations on abbvie, require it to change its business practices, and restrict its operations in the future.
the health care industry is subject to various federal, state and international laws and regulations pertaining to government benefit programs reimbursement, rebates, price reporting and regulation and health care fraud and abuse. in the united states, these laws include anti-kickback and false claims laws, the medicaid rebate statute, the veterans health care act, the u.s. physician payments sunshine act, the tricare program, the government pricing rules applicable to the medicaid, medicare part b, 340b drug pricing program and individual state laws relating to pricing and sales and marketing practices. violations of these laws may be punishable by criminal and/or civil sanctions, including, in some instances, substantial fines, imprisonment and exclusion from participation in federal and state health care programs, including medicare, medicaid and veterans administration health programs. these laws and regulations are broad in scope and they are subject to change and evolving interpretations, which could require abbvie to incur substantial costs associated with compliance or to alter one or more of its sales or marketing practices. in addition, violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt abbvie's business and result in a material adverse effect on its business and results of operations.
the international nature of abbvie's business subjects it to additional business risks that may cause its revenue and profitability to decline.
abbvie's business is subject to risks associated with doing business internationally, including in emerging markets. net revenues outside of the united states made up approximately 23% of abbvie's total net revenues in 2021. the risks associated with abbvie's operations outside the united states include:
•fluctuations in currency exchange rates;
•changes in medical reimbursement policies and programs;
•multiple legal and regulatory requirements that are subject to change and that could restrict abbvie's ability to manufacture, market and sell its products;
•differing local product preferences and product requirements;
•trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements;
•potentially negative consequences from changes in or interpretations of tax laws;
•political and economic instability, including as a result of the united kingdom's exit from the european union and the covid-19 pandemic;
•price and currency exchange controls, limitations on participation in local enterprises, expropriation, nationalization and other governmental action and regulation;
•potential deterioration in the economic position and credit quality of certain non-u.s. countries; and
•potential penalties or other adverse consequences for violations of anti-corruption, anti-bribery and other similar laws and regulations, including the united states foreign corrupt practices act and the united kingdom bribery act.
events contemplated by these risks may, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on abbvie's revenues and profitability.
if abbvie does not effectively and profitably commercialize its products, abbvie's revenues and financial condition could be adversely affected.
abbvie must effectively and profitably commercialize its principal products by creating and meeting continued market demand; achieving market acceptance and generating product sales; ensuring that the active pharmaceutical ingredient(s) for a product and the finished product are manufactured in sufficient quantities and in compliance with requirements of the fda and similar foreign regulatory agencies and with acceptable quality and pricing to meet commercial demand; and ensuring that the entire supply chain efficiently and consistently delivers abbvie's products to its customers. the commercialization of abbvie products may not be successful due to, among other things, unexpected challenges from competitors, new safety issues or concerns being reported that may impact or narrow approved indications, the relative price of abbvie's product as compared to alternative treatment options and changes to a product's label that further restrict its marketing. if the commercialization of abbvie's principal products is unsuccessful, abbvie's ability to generate revenue from product sales will be adversely affected.
abbvie may acquire other businesses, license rights to technologies or products, form alliances, or dispose of assets, which could cause it to incur significant expenses and could negatively affect profitability.
abbvie may pursue acquisitions, technology licensing arrangements, joint ventures and strategic alliances, or dispose of some of its assets, as part of its business strategy. abbvie may not complete these transactions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis, or at all, and may not realize the expected benefits. if abbvie is successful in making an acquisition, the products and technologies that are acquired may not be successful or may require significantly greater resources and investments than originally anticipated. abbvie may not be able to integrate acquisitions successfully into its existing business and could incur or assume significant debt and unknown or contingent liabilities. abbvie could also experience negative effects on its reported results of operations from acquisition or disposition-related charges, amortization of expenses related to intangibles and charges for impairment of long-term assets. these effects could cause a deterioration of abbvie's credit rating and result in increased borrowing costs and interest expense.
additionally, changes in abbvie's structure, operations, revenues, costs, or efficiency resulting from major transactions such as acquisitions, divestitures, mergers, alliances, joint ventures, restructurings or other strategic initiatives, may result in greater than expected costs, may take longer than expected to complete or encounter other difficulties, including the need for regulatory approval where appropriate.
abbvie is dependent on wholesale distributors for distribution of its products in the united states and, accordingly, its results of operations could be adversely affected if they encounter financial difficulties.
in 2021, three wholesale distributors (mckesson corporation, cardinal health, inc. and amerisourcebergen corporation) accounted for substantially all of abbvie's pharmaceutical product sales in the united states. if one of its significant wholesale distributors encounters financial or other difficulties, such distributor may decrease the amount of business that it does with abbvie, and abbvie may be unable to collect all the amounts that the distributor owes it on a timely basis or at all, which could negatively impact abbvie's business and results of operations.
21       | 2021 form 10-k abbvie has debt obligations that could adversely affect its business and its ability to meet its obligations.
the amount of debt that abbvie has incurred and intends to incur could have important consequences to abbvie and its investors. these consequences include, among other things, requiring a portion of abbvie's cash flow from operations to make interest payments on this debt and reducing the cash flow available to fund capital expenditures and other corporate purposes and to grow abbvie's business. in particular, abbvie incurred significant debt in connection with its acquisition of allergan. abbvie's substantially increased indebtedness and higher debt to equity ratio as a result of the acquisition may exacerbate these risks and have the effect of, among other things, reducing its flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions and/or lowering its credit ratings. to the extent abbvie incurs additional indebtedness or interest rates increase, these risks could increase further. in addition, abbvie's cash flow from operations may not be sufficient to repay all of the outstanding debt as it becomes due, and abbvie may not be able to borrow money, sell assets, or otherwise raise funds on acceptable terms, or at all, to refinance its debt.
abbvie may need additional financing in the future to meet its capital needs or to make opportunistic acquisitions, and such financing may not be available on favorable terms, if at all.
abbvie may need to seek additional financing for its general corporate purposes. for example, it may need to increase its investment in research and development activities or need funds to make acquisitions. abbvie may be unable to obtain any desired additional financing on terms favorable to it, if at all. if abbvie loses its investment grade credit rating or adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, abbvie may be unable to fund its expansion, successfully develop or enhance products, or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could negatively affect abbvie's business. if abbvie raises additional funds by issuing debt or entering into credit facilities, it may be subject to limitations on its operations due to restrictive covenants. failure to comply with these covenants could adversely affect abbvie's business.
abbvie depends on information technology and a failure of those systems could have a material adverse effect on abbvie's business.
abbvie relies on sophisticated software applications and complex information technology systems to operate its business. these systems are potentially vulnerable to malicious intrusion, random attack, loss of data privacy, disruption, degradation or breakdown. data privacy or security breaches by employees or others may in the future result in the failure of critical business operations. such breaches may cause sensitive data, including intellectual property, trade secrets or personal information belonging to abbvie, its patients, customers or business partners, to be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. to date, abbvie's business or operations have not been materially impacted by such incidents. although abbvie has invested in the protection of its data and information technology and also monitors its systems on an ongoing basis, there can be no assurance that these efforts will prevent material breakdowns or breaches in abbvie's information technology systems that could adversely affect abbvie's business. such adverse consequences could include loss of revenue, or the loss of critical or sensitive information from abbvie's or third-party providers' databases or it systems and could also result in legal, financial, reputational or business harm to abbvie and potentially substantial remediation costs.
in connection with the acquisition of allergan, abbvie's balances of intangible assets, including developed product rights and goodwill acquired, have increased significantly. such balances are subject to impairment testing and may result in impairment charges, which will adversely affect abbvie's results of operations and financial condition.
a significant amount of abbvie's total assets is related to acquired intangibles and goodwill. as of december 31, 2021, the carrying value of abbvie's developed product rights and other intangible assets was $76.0 billion and the carrying value of abbvie's goodwill was $32.4 billion.
abbvie's developed product rights are stated at cost, less accumulated amortization. abbvie determines original fair value and amortization periods for developed product rights based on its assessment of various factors impacting estimated useful lives and cash flows of the acquired products. significant adverse changes to any of these factors require abbvie to perform an impairment test on the affected asset and, if evidence of impairment exists, require abbvie to take an impairment charge with respect to the asset. for assets that are not impaired, abbvie may adjust the remaining useful lives. such a charge could have a material adverse effect on abbvie's results of operations and financial condition.
abbvie's other significant intangible assets include in-process research and development (ipr&d) intangible projects, acquired in recent business combinations, which are indefinite-lived intangible assets.
goodwill and abbvie's ipr&d intangible assets are tested for impairment annually, or when events occur or circumstances change that could potentially reduce the fair value of the reporting unit or intangible asset. impairment testing compares the fair value of the reporting unit or intangible asset to its carrying amount. a goodwill or ipr&d impairment, if any, would be recorded in operating income and could have a material adverse effect on abbvie's results of operations and financial condition.
failure to attract, develop and retain highly qualified personnel could affect abbvie's ability to successfully develop and commercialize products.
abbvie's success is largely dependent on its continued ability to attract, develop and retain diverse, highly qualified scientific, technical and management personnel, as well as personnel with expertise in clinical research and development (r&d), governmental regulation and commercialization. competition for qualified personnel in the biopharmaceutical field is intense. abbvie cannot be sure that it will be able to attract and retain quality personnel or that the costs of doing so will not materially increase.
other factors can have a material adverse effect on abbvie's profitability and financial condition.
many other factors can affect abbvie's results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, including:
•changes in or interpretations of laws and regulations, including changes in accounting standards, taxation requirements, product marketing application standards, data privacy laws, particularly in the european union and the united states, and environmental laws;
•differences between the fair value measurement of assets and liabilities and their actual value, particularly for pension and post-employment benefits, stock-based compensation, intangibles and goodwill; and for contingent liabilities such as litigation and contingent consideration, the absence of a recorded amount, or an amount recorded at the minimum, compared to the actual amount;
•changes in the rate of inflation (including the cost of raw materials, commodities and supplies), interest rates, market value of abbvie's equity investments and the performance of investments held by it or its employee benefit trusts;
•changes in the creditworthiness of counterparties that transact business with or provide services to abbvie or its employee benefit trusts;
•environmental liabilities in connection with abbvie's manufacturing processes and distribution logistics, including the handling of hazardous materials;
•changes in the ability of third parties that provide information technology, accounting, human resources, payroll and other outsourced services to abbvie to meet their contractual obligations to abbvie;
•business interruptions stemming from natural disasters, such as climate change, earthquakes, hurricanes, flooding, fires, or efforts taken by third parties to prevent or mitigate such disasters; and
•changes in business, economic and political conditions, including: war, political instability, terrorist attacks, the threat of future terrorist activity and related military action; natural disasters; the cost and availability of insurance due to any of the foregoing events; labor disputes, strikes, slow-downs, or other forms of labor or union activity; and pressure from third-party interest groups.
risks related to abbvie's common stock abbvie cannot guarantee the timing, amount, or payment of dividends on its common stock.
although abbvie expects to pay regular cash dividends, the timing, declaration, amount and payment of future dividends to stockholders will fall within the discretion of abbvie's board of directors. the board's decisions regarding the payment of dividends will depend on many factors, such as abbvie's financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, debt service obligations, industry practice, legal requirements, regulatory constraints and other factors that the board deems relevant. for more information, see item 5, "market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities." abbvie's ability to pay dividends will depend on its ongoing ability to generate cash from operations and access capital markets. abbvie cannot guarantee that it will continue to pay a dividend in the future.
in the future, a stockholder's percentage ownership in abbvie may be diluted because of equity issuances for capital market transactions, equity awards that abbvie will be granting to abbvie's directors, officers and employees, acquisitions or other purposes. abbvie's employees have options to purchase shares of its common stock as a result of conversion of their abbott stock options (in whole or in part) to abbvie stock options. abbvie anticipates its compensation committee will grant additional stock options or other stock-based awards to its employees. such awards will have a dilutive effect on abbvie's earnings per share, which could adversely affect the market price of abbvie's common stock. from time to time, abbvie will issue additional options or other stock-based awards to its employees under abbvie's employee benefits plans.
23       | 2021 form 10-k in addition, abbvie's amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes abbvie to issue, without the approval of abbvie's stockholders, one or more classes or series of preferred stock having such designation, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights, including preferences over abbvie's common stock respecting dividends and distributions, as abbvie's board of directors generally may determine. the terms of one or more classes or series of preferred stock could dilute the voting power or reduce the value of abbvie's common stock. for example, abbvie could grant the holders of preferred stock the right to elect some number of abbvie's directors in all events or on the happening of specified events or the right to veto specified transactions. similarly, the repurchase or redemption rights or liquidation preferences abbvie could assign to holders of preferred stock could affect the residual value of the common stock.
certain provisions in abbvie's amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws, and of delaware law, may prevent or delay an acquisition of abbvie, which could decrease the trading price of abbvie's common stock.
abbvie's amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws contain, and delaware law contains, provisions that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids by encouraging prospective acquirors to negotiate with abbvie's board of directors rather than to attempt a hostile takeover. these provisions include, among others:
•the inability of abbvie's stockholders to call a special meeting;
•the division of abbvie's board of directors into three classes of directors, with each class serving a staggered three-year term;
•a provision that stockholders may only remove directors for cause;
•the ability of abbvie's directors, and not stockholders, to fill vacancies on abbvie's board of directors; and
•the requirement that the affirmative vote of stockholders holding at least 80% of abbvie's voting stock is required to amend certain provisions in abbvie's amended and restated certificate of incorporation and abbvie's amended and restated by-laws relating to the number, term and election of abbvie's directors, the filling of board vacancies, the calling of special meetings of stockholders and director and officer indemnification provisions.
in addition, section 203 of the delaware general corporation law provides that, subject to limited exceptions, persons that acquire, or are affiliated with a person that acquires, more than 15% of the outstanding voting stock of a delaware corporation shall not engage in any business combination with that corporation, including by merger, consolidation or acquisitions of additional shares, for a three-year period following the date on which that person or its affiliates becomes the holder of more than 15% of the corporation's outstanding voting stock.
abbvie believes these provisions protect its stockholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics by requiring potential acquirors to negotiate with abbvie's board of directors and by providing abbvie's board of directors with more time to assess any acquisition proposal. these provisions are not intended to make the company immune from takeovers. however, these provisions apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that abbvie's board of directors determines is not in the best interests of abbvie and abbvie's stockholders. these provisions may also prevent or discourage attempts to remove and replace incumbent directors.
cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements this annual report on form 10-k contains certain forward looking statements regarding business strategies, market potential, future financial performance and other matters. the words "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "project" and similar expressions, among others, generally identify "forward looking statements," which speak only as of the date the statements were made. the matters discussed in these forward looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected, anticipated or implied in the forward looking statements. in particular, information included under item 1, "business," item 1a, "risk factors," and item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" contain forward looking statements. where, in any forward looking statement, an expectation or belief as to future results or events is expressed, such expectation or belief is based on the current plans and expectations of abbvie management and expressed in good faith and believed to have a reasonable basis, but there can be no assurance that the expectation or belief will result or be achieved or accomplished. factors that could cause actual results or events to differ materially from those anticipated include the matters described under item 1a, "risk factors" and item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations." abbvie does not undertake any obligation to update the forward-looking statements included in this annual report on form 10-k to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof, unless abbvie is required by applicable securities law to do so.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operationsthe following is a discussion and analysis of the financial condition of abbvie inc. (abbvie or the company). this commentary should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes appearing in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data." this section of this form 10-k generally discusses 2021 and 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020. discussions of 2019 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2020 and 2019 that are not included in this form 10-k can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2020.
executive overview company overview abbvie is a global, diversified research-based biopharmaceutical company positioned for success with a comprehensive product portfolio that has leadership positions across immunology, hematologic oncology, neuroscience, aesthetics and eye care. abbvie uses its expertise, dedicated people and unique approach to innovation to develop and market advanced therapies that address some of the world's most complex and serious diseases.
abbvie's products are generally sold worldwide directly to wholesalers, distributors, government agencies, health care facilities, specialty pharmacies and independent retailers from abbvie-owned distribution centers and public warehouses. certain products (including aesthetic products and devices) are also sold directly to physicians and other licensed healthcare providers. in the united states, abbvie distributes pharmaceutical products principally through independent wholesale distributors, with some sales directly to retailers, pharmacies, patients or other customers. outside the united states, abbvie sells products primarily to customers or through distributors, depending on the market served. certain products are co-marketed or co-promoted with other companies. abbvie has approximately 50,000 employees. abbvie operates as a single global business segment.
2021 financial results abbvie's strategy has focused on delivering strong financial results, maximizing the benefits of the allergan acquisition, advancing and investing in its pipeline and returning value to shareholders while ensuring a strong, sustainable growth business over the long term. the company's financial performance in 2021 included delivering worldwide net revenues of $56.2 billion, operating earnings of $17.9 billion, diluted earnings per share of $6.45 and cash flows from operations of $22.8 billion. worldwide net revenues increased by 23% on a reported basis and 22% on a constant currency basis, reflecting growth across its immunology, hematologic oncology, neuroscience, aesthetics and eye care portfolios as well as a full period of allergan results in 2021 compared to the prior year.
diluted earnings per share in 2021 was $6.45 and included the following after-tax costs: (i) $6.4 billion related to the amortization of intangible assets; (ii) $2.7 billion for the change in fair value of contingent consideration liabilities; (iii) $948 million for acquired in-process research and development (ipr&d); (iv) $500 million as a result of a collaboration agreement extension with calico life sciences llc; (v) $307 million for milestones and other research and development (r&d) expenses; (vi) $253 million for charges related to litigation matters; and (vii) $215 million of acquisition and integration expenses. these costs were partially offset by $265 million of certain tax benefits. additionally, financial results reflected continued funding to support all stages of abbvie's pipeline assets and continued investment in abbvie's on-market brands.
following the closing of the allergan acquisition, abbvie implemented an integration plan designed to reduce costs, integrate and optimize the combined organization. the integration plan is expected to realize approximately $2.5 billion of annual cost synergies in 2022.
to achieve these integration objectives, abbvie expects to incur total cumulative charges of approximately $2 billion through 2022. these costs consist of severance and employee benefit costs (cash severance, non-cash severance, including accelerated equity award compensation expense, retention and other termination benefits) and other integration expenses.
in response to the ongoing public health crisis posed by covid-19, abbvie continues to focus on ensuring the safety of employees. throughout the pandemic, abbvie has followed health and safety guidance from state and local health authorities and implemented safety measures for those employees who are returning to the workplace.
abbvie also continues to closely manage manufacturing and supply chain resources around the world to help ensure that patients continue to receive an uninterrupted supply of their medicines. clinical trial sites are being monitored locally to protect the safety of study participants, staff and employees. while the impact of covid-19 on abbvie's operations to date has not been material, abbvie continues to experience lower new patient starts in certain products and markets. abbvie expects this matter could continue to negatively impact its results of operations throughout the duration of the pandemic.
the extent to which covid-19 may impact abbvie's financial condition and results of operations remains uncertain and is dependent on numerous evolving factors, including the measures being taken by authorities to mitigate against the spread of covid-19, the emergence of new variants and the availability and successful administration of effective vaccines.
2022 strategic objectives abbvie's mission is to discover and develop innovative medicines and products that solve serious health issues today and address the medical challenges of tomorrow while achieving top-tier financial performance through outstanding execution. abbvie intends to continue to advance its mission in a number of ways, including: (i) maximizing the benefits of a diversified revenue base with multiple long-term growth drivers; (ii) growing revenues by leveraging abbvie's commercial strength and international infrastructure across therapeutic areas and ensuring strong commercial execution of new product launches; (iii) continuing to invest in and expand its pipeline in support of opportunities in immunology, oncology, aesthetics, neuroscience and eye care as well as continued investment in key on-market products; (iv) expanding operating margins; and (v) returning cash to shareholders via a strong and growing dividend while also reducing debt. in addition, abbvie anticipates several regulatory submissions and data readouts from key clinical trials in the next 12 months.
abbvie expects to achieve its strategic objectives through:
•immunology revenue growth driven by increasing market share and indication expansion of skyrizi and rinvoq, as well as humira u.s. sales growth.
•hematologic oncology revenue growth driven by increasing market share and indication expansion of venclexta, as well as maintaining the strong leadership position of imbruvica.
•aesthetics revenue growth driven by global expansion and increasing market penetration of botox and juvederm collection.
•sustaining eye care leadership by maximizing abbvie's current eye care portfolio.
•the favorable impact of pipeline products and indications recently approved or currently under regulatory review where approval is expected in 2022. these products are described in greater detail in the section labeled "research and development" included as part of this item 7.
abbvie remains committed to driving continued expansion of operating margins and expects to achieve this objective through continued realization of expense synergies from the allergan acquisition, leverage from revenue growth, productivity initiatives in supply chain and ongoing efficiency programs to optimize manufacturing, commercial infrastructure, administrative costs and general corporate expenses.
33       | 2021 form 10-k research and development research and innovation are the cornerstones of abbvie's business as a global biopharmaceutical company. abbvie's long-term success depends to a great extent on its ability to continue to discover and develop innovative products and acquire or collaborate on compounds currently in development by other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies.
abbvie's pipeline currently includes approximately 90 compounds, devices or indications in development individually or under collaboration or license agreements and is focused on such important specialties as immunology, oncology, aesthetics, neuroscience and eye care. of these programs, more than 50 are in mid- and late-stage development.
the following sections summarize transitions of significant programs from mid-stage development to late-stage development as well as developments in significant late-stage and registration programs. abbvie expects multiple mid-stage programs to transition into late-stage programs in the next 12 months.
significant programs and developments immunology skyrizi
•in january 2021, abbvie announced top-line results from its phase 3 keepsake-1 and keepsake-2 clinical trials of skyrizi in adults with active psoriatic arthritis (psa) met the primary and ranked secondary endpoints.
•in january 2021, abbvie announced top-line results from its phase 3 advance and motivate induction studies of skyrizi in patients with crohn's disease met the primary and key secondary endpoints.
•in june 2021, abbvie announced top-line results from its phase 3 fortify study for skyrizi in patients with moderate to severe crohn's disease met the co-primary endpoints.
•in september 2021, abbvie submitted a supplemental new drug application (snda) to the fda for skyrizi for the treatment of patients 16 years and older with moderate to severe crohn's disease.
•in november 2021, abbvie submitted a marketing authorization application (maa) to the european medicines agency (ema) for skyrizi for the treatment of patients 16 years or older with moderate to severe active crohn's disease who have had inadequate response, lost response or were intolerant to conventional or biologic therapy.
•in november 2021, abbvie announced that the european commission (ec) approved skyrizi alone or in combination with methotrexate for the treatment of active psa in adults who have had an inadequate response or who have been intolerant to one or more disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs.
•in january 2022, abbvie announced that the fda approved skyrizi for the treatment of adults with active psa.
•in january 2021, abbvie announced that the ec approved rinvoq for the treatment of adults with active psa and ankylosing spondylitis (as).
•in february 2021, abbvie announced its phase 3 u-accomplish induction study of rinvoq for the treatment of adult patients with moderate to severe ulcerative colitis (uc) met the primary and all ranked secondary endpoints.
•in june 2021, abbvie announced the fda will not meet the prescription drug user fee act action dates for the snda of rinvoq for the treatment of adults with active as. no formal regulatory action has been taken on the snda for rinvoq in as.
•in june 2021, abbvie announced the results from its phase 3 maintenance study of rinvoq in patients with uc met the primary and all secondary endpoints.
•in august 2021, abbvie announced that the ec approved rinvoq for the treatment of moderate to severe atopic dermatitis (ad) in adults and adolescents 12 years and older who are candidates for systemic therapy.
•in september 2021, abbvie submitted an snda to the fda and an maa to the ema for rinvoq for the treatment of adults with moderately to severely active uc.
•in october 2021, abbvie announced the results from study 1 of the phase 3 select-axis 2 clinical trial for rinvoq in patients with active as and inadequate response to biologic disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs met the primary and all ranked secondary endpoints.
•in october 2021, abbvie announced the results from study 2 of the phase 3 select-axis 2 clinical trial for rinvoq in adults with non-radiographic axial spondyloarthritis met the primary and 12 of 14 ranked secondary endpoints.
•in december 2021, abbvie announced top-line results from its phase 3 u-exceed induction study for rinvoq in patients with moderate to severe crohn's disease who had an inadequate response or were intolerant to biologic therapy met the primary and key secondary endpoints.
•in december 2021, abbvie announced an update to the u.s. prescribing information and medication guide for rinvoq for the treatment of adults with moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis (ra). this update follows a drug safety communication (dsc) issued by the fda in september 2021 based on its final review of the post-marketing study evaluating another jak inhibitor (tofacitinib) in patients with ra. the dsc and this label update apply to the class of systematically administered fda-approved jak inhibitors for the treatment of ra and other inflammatory diseases. based on this class-wide update, the u.s. label for rinvoq will now include additional information about risks within the boxed warnings and warnings precautions sections. the indication has also been updated to be indicated for the treatment of adults with moderately to severely active ra who have had an inadequate response or intolerance to one or more tumor necrosis factor (tnf) blockers.
•in december 2021, abbvie announced that the fda approved rinvoq for the treatment of adults with active psa who have had an inadequate response or intolerance to one or more tnf blockers.
•in january 2022, abbvie announced its submission of an snda to the fda and an maa to the ema for rinvoq for the treatment of adults with active nr-axspa with objective signs of inflammation who have responded inadequately to nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs.
•in january 2022, abbvie announced that the fda approved rinvoq for the treatment of moderate to severe ad in adults and children 12 years of age and older whose disease did not respond to previous treatment and is not well controlled with other pills or injections, including biologic medicines, or when use of other pills or injections is not recommended.
•in february 2022, abbvie was notified that the ec is requesting the ema to assess safety concerns associated with jak inhibitor products authorized in inflammatory diseases and to evaluate the impact of these events on their benefit-risk balance. the assessment covers all jak inhibitors approved for use in inflammatory diseases. the request is for an opinion from the ema by september 30, 2022.
•in june 2021, abbvie announced results from its phase 3 glow study comparing the efficacy and safety of imbruvica in combination with venclexta versus chlorambucil plus obinutuzumab for first-line treatment in patients with chronic lymphocytic leukemia (cll) or small lymphocytic lymphoma met its primary endpoint.
•in may 2021, abbvie received european commission approval for venclyxto in combination with a hypomethylating agent for patients with newly diagnosed acute myeloid leukemia (aml) who are ineligible for intensive chemotherapy.
•in july 2021, abbvie announced that the fda granted breakthrough therapy designation to venclexta in combination with azacitidine for the potential treatment of adult patients with previously untreated intermediate-, high- and very high-risk myelodysplastic syndromes.
•in january 2022, abbvie announced that the fda granted breakthrough therapy designation to investigational telisotuzumab vedotin (teliso-v) for the treatment of patients with advanced/metastatic epidermal growth factor receptor wild type, nonsquamous non-small cell lung cancer with high levels of c-met overexpression whose disease has progressed on or after platinum-based therapy.
•in february 2021, abbvie received fda approval of botox for the treatment of detrusor overactivity associated with a neurological condition in certain pediatric patients 5 years of age and older.
•in september 2021, abbvie announced that the fda approved qulipta (atogepant) for the preventive treatment of episodic migraine in adults.
•in october 2021, abbvie announced top-line results from two phase 3 clinical trials, study 3111-301-001 and study 3111-302-001, evaluating the efficacy and safety of cariprazine (vraylar) as an adjunctive treatment for patients with major depressive disorder (mdd). in study 3111-301-001, vraylar met its primary endpoint demonstrating statistically significant change from baseline to week six in the montgomery-åsberg depression rating scale (madrs) total score compared with placebo in patients with mdd. in study 3111-302-001, vraylar demonstrated numerical improvement in depressive symptoms from baseline to week six in madrs total score compared with placebo but did not achieve statistical significance. safety data were consistent with the established safety profile of vraylar across indications with no new safety signals identified.
•in october 2021, abbvie announced that results from its pivotal phase 3 m15-736 study of abbv-951 (foslevodopa/foscarbidopa) in patients with advanced parkinson's disease met its primary endpoint in a 12-week study.
eye care vuity
•in october 2021, abbvie announced that the fda approved vuity (pilocarpine hcl ophthalmic solution) for the treatment of presbyopia.
results of operations net revenues the comparisons presented at constant currency rates reflect comparative local currency net revenues at the prior year's foreign exchange rates. this measure provides information on the change in net revenues assuming that foreign currency exchange rates had not changed between the prior and current periods. abbvie believes that the non-gaap measure of change in net revenues at constant currency rates, when used in conjunction with the gaap measure of change in net revenues at actual currency rates, may provide a more complete understanding of the company's operations and can facilitate analysis of the company's results of operations, particularly in evaluating performance from one period to another.
percent change at actual currency rates                            at constant currency rates years ended (dollars in millions)                  2021   2020                    2019                                     2021                          2020                    2021                          2020
united states                               $43,510                  $34,879                 $23,907                  24.7    %                     45.9    %               24.7    %                     45.9    %
37       | 2021 form 10-k the following table details abbvie's worldwide net revenues:
percent change at actual currency rates                                  at constant currency rates years ended december 31 (dollars in millions)                                2021                    2020                    2019                       2021                             2020                       2021                             2020
immunology humira                        united states                            $17,330                 $16,112                 $14,864                     7.6     %                        8.4   %                    7.6     %                        8.4   %
skyrizi                       united states                             $2,486                  $1,385                    $311                    79.6     %                       &gt;100.0%                 79.6     %                       &gt;100.0%
rinvoq                        united states                             $1,271                    $653                     $47                    94.8     %                       &gt;100.0%                 94.8     %                       &gt;100.0%
hematologic oncology imbruvica                     united states                             $4,321                  $4,305                  $3,830                     0.4     %                       12.4   %                    0.4     %                       12.4   %
venclexta                     united states                               $934                    $804                    $521                    16.1     %                       54.4   %                   16.1     %                       54.4   %
aesthetics botox cosmetic (a)            united states                             $1,424                    $687                      $-                   &gt;100.0 %                              n/m                &gt;100.0 %                              n/m international                                808                     425                       -                    90.0     %                              n/m                 83.9     %                              n/m total                                     $2,232                  $1,112                      $-                   &gt;100.0 %                              n/m                 98.4     %                              n/m juvederm collection (a)       united states                               $658                    $318                      $-                   &gt;100.0 %                              n/m                &gt;100.0 %                              n/m international                                877                     400                       -                   &gt;100.0 %                              n/m                &gt;100.0 %                              n/m total                                     $1,535                    $718                      $-                   &gt;100.0 %                              n/m                &gt;100.0 %                              n/m other aesthetics (a)          united states                             $1,268                    $666                      $-                    90.2     %                              n/m                 90.2     %                              n/m international                                198                      94                       -                   &gt;100.0 %                              n/m                &gt;100.0 %                              n/m total                                     $1,466                    $760                      $-                    93.0     %                              n/m                 91.9     %                              n/m neuroscience botox therapeutic (a)         united states                             $2,012                  $1,155                      $-                    74.3     %                              n/m                 74.3     %                              n/m international                                439                     232                       -                    89.0     %                              n/m                 78.8     %                              n/m total                                     $2,451                  $1,387                      $-                    76.7     %                              n/m                 75.0     %                              n/m vraylar (a)                   united states                             $1,728                    $951                      $-                    81.7     %                              n/m                 81.7     %                              n/m duodopa                       united states                               $102                    $103                     $97                   (1.0)     %                        5.9   %                  (1.0)     %                        5.9   %
ubrelvy (a)                   united states                               $552                    $125                      $-                   &gt;100.0 %                              n/m                &gt;100.0 %                              n/m other neuroscience (a)        united states                               $667                    $528                      $-                    26.3     %                              n/m                 26.3     %                              n/m international                                 18                      11                       -                    77.4     %                              n/m                 64.7     %                              n/m total                                       $685                    $539                      $-                    27.2     %                              n/m                 27.0     %                              n/m percent change at actual currency rates                                at constant currency rates years ended december 31 (dollars in millions)                                   2021                    2020                    2019                      2021                            2020                      2021                            2020
eye care lumigan/ganfort (a)              united states                               $273                    $165                      $-                    64.7    %                             n/m                 64.7    %                             n/m international                                306                     213                       -                    44.1    %                             n/m                 38.1    %                             n/m total                                       $579                    $378                      $-                    53.1    %                             n/m                 49.7    %                             n/m alphagan/combigan (a)            united states                               $373                    $223                      $-                    66.5    %                             n/m                 66.5    %                             n/m international                                156                     103                       -                    52.5    %                             n/m                 50.6    %                             n/m total                                       $529                    $326                      $-                    62.1    %                             n/m                 61.5    %                             n/m restasis (a)                     united states                             $1,234                    $755                      $-                    63.3    %                             n/m                 63.3    %                             n/m international                                 56                      32                       -                    75.3    %                             n/m                 80.1    %                             n/m total                                     $1,290                    $787                      $-                    63.8    %                             n/m                 64.0    %                             n/m other eye care (a)               united states                               $523                    $305                      $-                    72.7    %                             n/m                 72.7    %                             n/m international                                646                     388                       -                    66.1    %                             n/m                 61.0    %                             n/m total                                     $1,169                    $693                      $-                    69.0    %                             n/m                 66.1    %                             n/m women's health lo loestrin (a)                  united states                               $423                    $346                      $-                    21.9    %                             n/m                 21.9    %                             n/m international                                 14                      10                       -                    43.3    %                             n/m                 33.0    %                             n/m total                                       $437                    $356                      $-                    22.5    %                             n/m                 22.2    %                             n/m orilissa/oriahnn                 united states                               $139                    $121                     $91                    15.4    %                       33.3    %                 15.4    %                       33.3    %
other women's health (a)         united states                               $209                    $181                      $-                    16.2    %                             n/m                 16.2    %                             n/m international                                  5                      11                       -                  (57.5)    %                             n/m               (61.5)    %                             n/m total                                       $214                    $192                      $-                    11.7    %                             n/m                 11.5    %                             n/m other key products mavyret                          united states                               $754                    $785                  $1,473                   (4.0)    %                     (46.7)    %                (4.0)    %                     (46.7)    %
creon                            united states                             $1,191                  $1,114                  $1,041                     6.9    %                        6.9    %                  6.9    %                        6.9    %
lupron                           united states                               $604                    $600                    $720                     0.5    %                     (16.6)    %                  0.5    %                     (16.6)    %
linzess/constella (a)            united states                             $1,006                    $649                      $-                    55.1    %                             n/m                 55.1    %                             n/m international                                 32                      18                       -                    77.3    %                             n/m                 66.4    %                             n/m total                                     $1,038                    $667                      $-                    55.7    %                             n/m                 55.4    %                             n/m synthroid                        united states                               $767                    $771                    $786                   (0.6)    %                      (1.9)    %                (0.6)    %                      (1.9)    %
(a)net revenues include allergan product revenues after the acquisition closing date of may 8, 2020.
global humira sales increased 4% in 2021 primarily driven by market growth across therapeutic categories, partially offset by direct biosimilar competition in certain international markets. in the united states, humira sales increased 8% in 2021 driven by market growth across all indications. this increase was partially offset by slightly lower market share following corresponding market share gains of skyrizi and rinvoq. internationally, humira revenues decreased 13% in 2021 primarily driven by direct biosimilar competition in certain international markets.
net revenues for skyrizi increased 84% in 2021 primarily driven by continued strong volume and market share uptake since launch in 2019 as a treatment for plaque psoriasis as well as market growth over the prior year.
net revenues for rinvoq increased by more than 100% in 2021 primarily driven by continued strong volume and market share uptake since launch in 2019 for the treatment of moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis as well as market growth over the prior year. net revenues were also favorably impacted by recent regulatory approvals and expansion of rinvoq for the treatment of psoriatic arthritis, atopic dermatitis and ankylosing spondylitis in certain international markets.
39       | 2021 form 10-k net revenues for imbruvica represent product revenues in the united states and collaboration revenues outside of the united states related to abbvie's 50% share of imbruvica profit. abbvie's global imbruvica revenues increased 2% in 2021 as a result of modest favorable pricing in the united states and increased collaboration revenues, partially offset by lower new patient starts due to the covid-19 pandemic and share loss in the united states.
net revenues for venclexta increased 34% in 2021 primarily due to continued expansion of venclexta for the treatment of patients with first-line cll, relapsed/refractory cll and first-line aml.
net revenues for botox cosmetic used in facial aesthetics increased 98% in 2021 due to increased brand investment and strong recovery from the covid-19 pandemic. net revenues were also favorably impacted by a full period of allergan results in 2021 compared to the prior year.
net revenues for juvederm collection (including juvederm ultra xc, juvederm voluma xc and other juvederm products) used in facial aesthetics increased by more than 100% in 2021 due to increased brand investment and strong recovery from the covid-19 pandemic. net revenues were also favorably impacted by a full period of allergan results in 2021 compared to the prior year.
net revenues for botox therapeutic used primarily in neuroscience and urology therapeutic areas increased 75% in 2021 due to a strong recovery from the covid-19 pandemic. net revenues were also favorably impacted by a full period of allergan results in 2021 compared to the prior year.
net revenues for vraylar for the treatment of schizophrenia, bipolar i disorder and bipolar depression increased 82% in 2021 due to higher market share and market growth. net revenues were also favorably impacted by a full period of allergan results in 2021 compared to the prior year.
net revenues for ubrelvy for the acute treatment of migraine with or without aura in adults increased by more than 100% in 2021 primarily due to increased volume and market share uptake since launch in 2020.
net revenues for mavyret decreased 8% in 2021 primarily driven by the continued disruption of global hcv markets due to the covid-19 pandemic.
gross margin percent change years ended december 31 (dollars in millions)                  2021                     2020                     2019                 2021                    2020
gross margin as a percentage of net revenues in 2021 increased from 2020 primarily due to lower amortization of inventory fair value step-up adjustment associated with the allergan acquisition and favorable changes in product mix, partially offset by higher amortization of intangible assets associated with the allergan acquisition.
selling, general and administrative percent change years ended december 31 (dollars in millions)                  2021                     2020                     2019                 2021                    2020
sg&a expenses as a percentage of net revenues in 2021 decreased primarily due to lower transaction and integration costs related to the acquisition of allergan as well as leverage from revenue growth and synergies realized in the period subsequent to completion of the allergan acquisition.
research and development and acquired in-process research and development percent change years ended december 31 (dollars in millions)                  2021                     2020                     2019                   2021                       2020
research and development                                 $7,084                   $6,557                   $6,407                      8   %                     2   %
acquired in-process research and development               $962                   $1,198                     $385                   (20)   %                   &gt;100%
r&d expenses as a percentage of net revenues decreased in 2021 primarily due to the increased scale of the combined company and synergies realized for the period subsequent to completion of the allergan acquisition as well as lower integration costs related to the acquisition of allergan.
acquired ipr&d expenses represent initial costs to acquire rights to in-process r&d projects through r&d collaborations, licensing arrangements or other asset acquisitions. acquired ipr&d expense in 2021 included a charge of $400 million as a result of exercising the company's exclusive right to acquire teneoone, an affiliate of teneobio, inc., and tnb-383b, a bcma-targeting immunotherapeutic for the potential treatment of relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma and a charge of $370 million as a result of entering into a collaboration agreement with regenxbio inc. for the development and commercialization of rgx-314, an investigational gene therapy for wet age-related macular degeneration, diabetic retinopathy and other chronic retinal diseases. acquired ipr&d expense in 2020 included a charge of $750 million as a result of entering into a collaboration agreement with genmab a/s to research, develop and commercialize investigational bispecific antibody therapeutics for the treatment of cancer. acquired ipr&d expense in 2020 also included a charge of $200 million as a result of entering into a collaboration agreement with i-mab biopharma for the development and commercialization of lemzoparlimab for the treatment of multiple cancers. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
other operating expense (income), net other operating expense in 2021 included a $500 million charge related to the extension of the calico collaboration to discover, develop and bring to market new therapies for patients with age-related diseases, including neurodegeneration and cancer.
net foreign exchange loss                                   $51                     $71                     $42
interest expense in 2021 decreased compared to 2020 primarily due to the favorable impact of lower interest rates on the company's floating rate debt obligations and deleveraging, partially offset by a higher average debt balance associated with the incremental allergan debt acquired.
interest income in 2021 decreased compared to 2020 primarily due to a lower average cash and cash equivalents balance as a result of the cash paid for the allergan acquisition and the unfavorable impact of lower interest rates.
other expense, net included charges related to changes in fair value of the contingent consideration liabilities of $2.7 billion in 2021 and $5.8 billion in 2020. the fair value of contingent consideration liabilities is impacted by the passage of time and multiple other inputs, including the probability of success of achieving regulatory/commercial milestones, discount rates, the estimated amount of future sales of the acquired products and other market-based factors. in 2021, the change in fair value included the increase in the skyrizi contingent consideration liability due to higher estimated sales driven by stronger market share uptake, favorable clinical trial results and the passage of time, partially offset by higher discount rates. in 2020, the change in fair value primarily included the increase in the skyrizi contingent consideration liability due to higher estimated sales driven by stronger market share uptake, lower discount rates, the passage of time and favorable clinical trial results.
41       | 2021 form 10-k income tax expense the effective income tax rate was 11% in 2021, negative 36% in 2020 and 6% in 2019. the effective income tax rates differed from the statutory tax rate principally due to the impact of foreign operations which reflects the impact of lower income tax rates in locations outside the united states, tax incentives in puerto rico and other foreign tax jurisdictions, business development activities, changes in enacted tax rates and laws and related restructuring, tax audit settlements and accretion on contingent consideration. the 2020 effective income tax rate included the recognition of a net tax benefit of $1.7 billion related to changes in tax laws and related restructuring, including certain intra-group transfers of intellectual property and deferred tax remeasurement. the effective tax rates for these periods also reflected the benefit from u.s. tax credits principally related to research and development credits, the orphan drug tax credit and puerto rico excise tax credits. the puerto rico excise tax credits relate to legislation enacted by puerto rico that assesses an excise tax on certain products manufactured in puerto rico. the tax is levied on gross inventory purchases from entities in puerto rico and is included in cost of products sold in the consolidated statements of earnings. the majority of the tax is creditable for u.s. income tax purposes.
financial position, liquidity and capital resources years ended december 31 (in millions)                   2021   2020                                       2019
operating activities                             $22,777                    $17,588                 $13,324
investing activities                             (2,344)                   (37,557)                     596
financing activities                            (19,039)                   (11,501)                  18,708
operating cash flows in 2021 increased from 2020. operating cash flows in 2021 were favorably impacted by higher net revenues of the combined company and lower acquisition-related cash expenses, partially offset by higher income tax payments and the timing of working capital cash flows. operating cash flows also reflected abbvie's contributions to its defined benefit plans of $376 million in 2021 and $367 million in 2020.
investing cash flows in 2021 included $535 million cash consideration paid to acquire soliton, inc. offset by cash acquired, payments made for other acquisitions and investments of $1.4 billion, capital expenditures of $787 million and net purchases of investment securities totaling $21 million. investing cash flows in 2020 included $39.7 billion cash consideration paid to acquire allergan offset by cash acquired of $1.5 billion, net sales and maturities of investment securities totaling $1.5 billion, payments made for other acquisitions and investments of $1.4 billion and capital expenditures of $798 million.
financing cash flows in 2021 included early repayments of $1.8 billion aggregate principal amount of the company's 2.3% principal notes, $1.2 billion aggregate principal amount of the company's 5.0% senior notes and €750 million aggregate principal amount of the company's 0.5% senior euro notes. financing cash flows also included the may 2021 repayment of $750 million aggregate principal amount of floating rate senior notes and the november 2021 repayment of $1.3 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.375% senior notes, $1.8 billion aggregate principal amount of 2.15% senior notes and $750 million aggregate principal amount of floating rate senior notes at maturity. additionally, financing cash flows included repayment of a $1.0 billion floating rate term loan due may 2023 and issuance of a new $1.0 billion floating rate term loan as part of the term loan refinancing in september 2021.
financing cash flows in 2020 included the issuance of term loans totaling $3.0 billion under the existing $6.0 billion term loan credit agreement which were used to finance the acquisition of allergan. subsequent to these borrowings, abbvie terminated the unused commitments of the lenders under the term loan. additionally, financing cash flows included the may 2020 repayment of $3.8 billion aggregate principal amount of the company's 2.50% senior notes, the september 2020 repayment of $650 million aggregate principal amount of 3.375% senior notes and the november 2020 repayments of €700 million aggregate principal amount of floating rate senior euro notes at maturity as well as the $450 million aggregate principal amount of 4.875% senior notes due february 2021.
the company's stock repurchase authorization permits purchases of abbvie shares from time to time in open-market or private transactions at management's discretion. the program has no time limit and can be discontinued at any time. under this authorization, abbvie repurchased 6 million shares for $670 million in 2021 and 8 million shares for $757 million in 2020. abbvie's remaining stock repurchase authorization was $2.5 billion as of december 31, 2021.
no commercial paper borrowings were issued during 2021. in 2020, the company issued and redeemed commercial paper. there were no commercial paper borrowings outstanding as of december 31, 2021 or december 31, 2020. abbvie may issue additional commercial paper or retire commercial paper to meet liquidity requirements as needed.
credit risk abbvie monitors economic conditions, the creditworthiness of customers and government regulations and funding, both domestically and abroad. abbvie regularly communicates with its customers regarding the status of receivable balances, including their payment plans and obtains positive confirmation of the validity of the receivables. abbvie establishes an allowance for credit losses equal to the estimate of future losses over the contractual life of outstanding accounts receivable. abbvie may also utilize factoring arrangements to mitigate credit risk, although the receivables included in such arrangements have historically not been a significant amount of total outstanding receivables.
credit facility, access to capital and credit ratings credit facility abbvie currently has a $4.0 billion five-year revolving credit facility that matures in august 2024. this amended facility enables the company to borrow funds on an unsecured basis at variable interest rates and contains various covenants. at december 31, 2021, the company was in compliance with all covenants, and commitment fees under the credit facility were insignificant. no amounts were outstanding under the company's credit facility as of december 31, 2021 and 2020.
access to capital the company intends to fund short-term and long-term financial obligations as they mature through cash on hand, future cash flows from operations or has the ability to issue additional debt. the company's ability to generate cash flows from operations, issue debt or enter into financing arrangements on acceptable terms could be adversely affected if there is a material decline in the demand for the company's products or in the solvency of its customers or suppliers, deterioration in the company's key financial ratios or credit ratings, or other material unfavorable changes in business conditions. at the current time, the company believes it has sufficient financial flexibility to issue debt, enter into other financing arrangements and attract long-term capital on acceptable terms to support the company's growth objectives.
credit ratings there were no changes to the company's credit ratings during 2021. following the acquisition of allergan in 2020, s&p global ratings revised its ratings outlook to stable from negative and lowered the issuer credit rating by one notch to bbb+ from a- and the short-term rating to a-2 from a-1. there were no changes in moody's investor service of its baa2 senior unsecured long-term rating and prime-2 short-term rating with a stable outlook.
unfavorable changes to the ratings may have an adverse impact on future financing arrangements; however, they would not affect the company's ability to draw on its credit facility and would not result in an acceleration of scheduled maturities of any of the company's outstanding debt.
future cash requirements contractual obligations the following table summarizes abbvie's estimated material contractual obligations as of december 31, 2021:
contingent consideration liabilities(b)            14,887           1,249           13,638
(a)includes estimated future interest payments on long-term debt. interest payments on debt are calculated for future periods using forecasted interest rates in effect at the end of 2021. projected interest payments include the related effects of interest rate swap agreements. certain of these projected interest payments may differ in the future based on changes in floating interest rates or other factors or events. the projected interest payments only pertain to obligations and agreements outstanding at december 31, 2021. see note 10 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the company's debt instruments and note 11 for additional information on the interest rate swap agreements outstanding at december 31, 2021.
(b)includes contingent consideration liabilities which are recorded at fair value on the consolidated balance sheet. potential contingent consideration payments that exceed the fair value recorded on the consolidated balance sheet are not included in the table of contractual obligations. see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding these liabilities.
abbvie enters into certain unconditional purchase obligations and other commitments in the normal course of business. there have been no changes to these commitments that would have a material impact on the company's ability to meet either short-term or long-term future cash requirements.
income taxes future income tax cash requirements include a one-time transition tax liability on a mandatory deemed repatriation of previously untaxed earnings of foreign subsidiaries resulting from u.s. tax reform enacted in 2017. the one-time transition tax liability was $3.9 billion as of december 31, 2021 and is payable in five future annual installments.
liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits totaled $6.0 billion as of december 31, 2021. it is not possible to reliably estimate the timing of the future cash outflows related to these liabilities. see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on these unrecognized tax benefits.
quarterly cash dividend on october 29, 2021, abbvie announced that its board of directors declared an increase in the quarterly cash dividend from $1.30 per share to $1.41 per share beginning with the dividend payable on february 15, 2022 to stockholders of record as of january 14, 2022. this reflects an increase of approximately 8.5% over the previous quarterly rate. the timing, declaration, amount of and payment of any dividends by abbvie in the future is within the discretion of its board of directors and will depend upon many factors, including abbvie's financial condition, earnings, capital requirements of its operating subsidiaries, covenants associated with certain of abbvie's debt service obligations, legal requirements, regulatory constraints, industry practice, ability to access capital markets and other factors deemed relevant by its board of directors.
collaborations, licensing and other arrangements abbvie enters into collaborative, licensing, and other arrangements with third parties that may require future milestone payments to third parties contingent upon the achievement of certain development, regulatory, or commercial milestones. individually, these arrangements are insignificant in any one annual reporting period. however, if milestones for multiple products covered by these arrangements would happen to be reached in the same reporting period, the aggregate charge to expense could be material to the results of operations in that period. from a business perspective, the payments are viewed as positive because they signify that the product is successfully moving through development and is now generating or is more likely to generate future cash flows from product sales. it is not possible to predict with reasonable certainty whether these milestones will be achieved or the timing for achievement. see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on these collaboration arrangements.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states requires the use of estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses. a summary of the company's significant accounting policies is included in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements. certain of these policies are considered critical as these most significantly impact the company's financial condition and results of operations and require the most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. actual results may vary from these estimates.
revenue recognition abbvie recognizes revenue when control of promised goods or services is transferred to the company's customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration abbvie expects to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services. sales, value add and other taxes collected concurrent with revenue-producing activities are excluded from revenue. abbvie generates revenue primarily from product sales. for the majority of sales, the company transfers control, invoices the customer and recognizes revenue upon shipment to the customer.
rebates abbvie provides rebates to pharmacy benefit managers, state government medicaid programs, insurance companies that administer medicare drug plans, wholesalers, group purchasing organizations and other government agencies and private entities.
rebate and chargeback accruals are accounted for as variable consideration and are recorded as a reduction to revenue in the period the related product is sold. provisions for rebates and chargebacks totaled $33.9 billion in 2021, $27.0 billion in 2020 and $18.8 billion in 2019. rebate amounts are typically based upon the volume of purchases using contractual or statutory prices, which may vary by product and by payer. for each type of rebate, the factors used in the calculations of the accrual for that rebate include the identification of the products subject to the rebate, the applicable price terms and the estimated lag time between sale and payment of the rebate, which can be significant.
in order to establish its rebate and chargeback accruals, the company uses both internal and external data to estimate the level of inventory in the distribution channel and the rebate claims processing lag time for each type of rebate. to estimate the rebate percentage or net price, the company tracks sales by product and by customer or payer. the company evaluates inventory data reported by wholesalers, available prescription volume information, product pricing, historical experience and other factors in order to determine the adequacy of its reserves. abbvie regularly monitors its reserves and records adjustments when rebate trends, rebate programs and contract terms, legislative changes, or other significant events indicate that a change in the reserve is appropriate. historically, adjustments to rebate accruals have not been material to net earnings.
the following table is an analysis of the three largest accruals for rebates and chargebacks, which comprise approximately 95% of the total consolidated rebate and chargebacks recorded as reductions to revenues in 2021. remaining rebate provisions charged against gross revenues are not significant in the determination of operating earnings.
provisions                              4,035                       5,772                       7,947
additions(a)                            1,266        649                                           71
provisions                              6,715                       8,656                       8,677
provisions                              9,622                      11,306                      11,286
(a)represents rebate accruals and chargeback allowances assumed in the allergan acquisition.
cash discounts and product returns cash discounts and product returns, which totaled $3.6 billion in 2021, $2.4 billion in 2020 and $1.6 billion in 2019, are accounted for as variable consideration and are recorded as a reduction to revenue in the same period the related product is sold. the reserve for cash discounts is readily determinable because the company's experience of payment history is fairly consistent. product returns can be reliably estimated based on the company's historical return experience.
pension and other post-employment benefits abbvie engages outside actuaries to assist in the determination of the obligations and costs under the pension and other post-employment benefit plans that are direct obligations of abbvie. the valuation of the funded status and the net periodic benefit cost for these plans are calculated using actuarial assumptions. the significant assumptions, which are reviewed annually, include the discount rate, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets and the health care cost trend rates, and are disclosed in note 12 to the consolidated financial statements.
45       | 2021 form 10-k the discount rate is selected based on current market rates on high-quality, fixed-income investments at december 31 each year. abbvie employs a yield-curve approach for countries where a robust bond market exists. the yield curve is developed using high-quality bonds. the yield-curve approach reflects the plans' specific cash flows (i.e. duration) in calculating the benefit obligations by applying the corresponding individual spot rates along the yield curve. abbvie reflects the plans' specific cash flows and applies them to the corresponding individual spot rates along the yield curve in calculating the service cost and interest cost portions of expense. for other countries, abbvie reviews various indices such as corporate bond and government bond benchmarks to estimate the discount rate.
abbvie's assumed discount rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for defined benefit pension and other post-employment plans as of december 31, 2021. a 50 basis point change in the assumed discount rate would have had the following effects on abbvie's calculation of net periodic benefit costs in 2022 and projected benefit obligations as of december 31, 2021:
(in millions) (brackets denote a reduction)        increase                         decrease defined benefit plans service and interest cost                          $(90)                           $100
projected benefit obligation                       (1,014)                        1,159
projected benefit obligation                       (61)                              69
the expected long-term rate of return is based on the asset allocation, historical performance and the current view of expected future returns. abbvie considers these inputs with a long-term focus to avoid short-term market influences. the current long-term rate of return on plan assets for each plan is supported by the historical performance of the trust's actual and target asset allocation. abbvie's assumed expected long-term rate of return has a significant effect on the amounts reported for defined benefit pension plans as of december 31, 2021 and will be used in the calculation of net periodic benefit cost in 2022. a one percentage point change in assumed expected long-term rate of return on plan assets would increase or decrease the net period benefit cost of these plans in 2022 by $101 million.
the health care cost trend rate is selected by reviewing historical trends and current views on projected future health care cost increases. the current health care cost trend rate is supported by the historical trend experience of each plan. assumed health care cost trend rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for health care plans as of december 31, 2021 and will be used in the calculation of net periodic benefit cost in 2022.
income taxes abbvie accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method. provisions for federal, state and foreign income taxes are calculated on reported pretax earnings based on current tax laws. deferred taxes are provided using enacted tax rates on the future tax consequences of temporary differences, which are the differences between the financial statement carrying amount of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and the tax benefits of carryforwards. a valuation allowance is established or maintained when, based on currently available information, it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized.
litigation the company is subject to contingencies, such as various claims, legal proceedings and investigations regarding product liability, intellectual property, commercial, securities and other matters that arise in the normal course of business. see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information. loss contingency provisions are recorded for probable losses at management's best estimate of a loss, or when a best estimate cannot be made, a minimum loss contingency amount within a probable range is recorded. accordingly, abbvie is often initially unable to develop a best estimate of loss and therefore, the minimum amount, which could be zero, is recorded. as information becomes known, either the minimum loss amount is increased, resulting in additional loss provisions, or a best estimate can be made, also resulting in additional loss provisions. occasionally, a best estimate amount is changed to a lower amount when events result in an expectation of a more favorable outcome than previously expected.
valuation of goodwill and intangible assets abbvie has acquired and may continue to acquire significant intangible assets in connection with business combinations that abbvie records at fair value. transactions involving the purchase or sale of intangible assets occur between companies in the pharmaceuticals industry and valuations are usually based on a discounted cash flow analysis incorporating the stage of completion. the discounted cash flow model requires assumptions about the timing and amount of future net cash flows, risk, cost of capital, terminal values and market participants. each of these factors can significantly affect the value of the intangible asset. ipr&d acquired in a business combination is capitalized as an indefinite-lived intangible asset until regulatory approval is obtained, at which time it is accounted for as a definite-lived asset and amortized over its estimated useful life, or discontinuation, at which point the intangible asset will be written off. ipr&d acquired in transactions that are not business combinations is expensed immediately, unless deemed to have an alternative future use. payments made to third parties subsequent to regulatory approval are capitalized and amortized over the remaining useful life.
abbvie reviews the recoverability of definite-lived intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for impairment annually or when an event occurs that could result in an impairment. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
annually, the company tests its goodwill for impairment by first assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than its carrying amount. some of the factors considered in the assessment include general macro-economic conditions, conditions specific to the industry and market, cost factors, the overall financial performance and whether there have been sustained declines in the company's share price. if the company concludes it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, a quantitative impairment test is performed. abbvie tests indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment by first assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than its carrying amount. if the company concludes it is more likely than not that the fair value is less than its carrying amount, a quantitative impairment test is performed.
for its quantitative impairment tests, the company uses an estimated future cash flow approach that requires significant judgment with respect to future volume, revenue and expense growth rates, changes in working capital use, the selection of an appropriate discount rate, asset groupings and other assumptions and estimates. the estimates and assumptions used are consistent with the company's business plans and a market participant's views. the use of alternative estimates and assumptions could increase or decrease the estimated fair value of the assets and could potentially impact the company's results of operations. actual results may differ from the company's estimates.
contingent consideration the fair value measurements of contingent consideration liabilities are determined as of the acquisition date based on significant unobservable inputs, including the discount rate, estimated probabilities and timing of achieving specified development, regulatory and commercial milestones and the estimated amount of future sales of the acquired products. contingent consideration liabilities are revalued to fair value at each subsequent reporting date until the related contingency is resolved. the potential contingent consideration payments are estimated by applying a probability-weighted expected payment model for contingent milestone payments and a monte carlo simulation model for contingent royalty payments, which are then discounted to present value. changes to the fair value of the contingent consideration liabilities can result from changes to one or a number of inputs, including discount rates, the probabilities of achieving the milestones, the time required to achieve the milestones and estimated future sales. significant judgment is employed in determining the appropriateness of certain of these inputs, which are disclosed in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements. changes to the inputs described above could have a material impact on the company's financial position and results of operations in any given period.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on recent accounting pronouncements.