During fiscal 2019, we acquired the remaining interest in allegorithmic sas, a privately held 3D editing and authoring software company for gaming and entertainment, for approximately $106 million in cash consideration, and integrated it into our digital media reportable segment. Our digital media segment provides tools and solutions that enable individuals, teams, and enterprises to create, publish, promote, and monetize their digital content anywhere. Our customers include content creators, experience designers, app developers, enthusiasts, students, social media users, and creative professionals, as well as marketing departments and agencies, companies, and publishers. The Adobe Experience Cloud applications, services, and platform are designed to manage customer journeys, enable shoppable experiences, and deliver intelligence for businesses of any size in any industry. Our differentiation and competitive advantage is strengthened by our ability to use the Adobe Experience Platform to connect our comprehensive set of solutions. We utilize a direct sales force to market and license our digital experience solutions, as well as an extensive ecosystem of partners, including marketing agencies, systems integrators, and independent software vendors that help license and deploy our solutions to their customers. We have made significant investments to broaden the scale and size of all of these routes to market, and our recent financial results reflect the success of these investments. Our solutions deliver real-time customer profiles and intelligence across the customer journey. Our offerings include Adobe Experience Platform, Adobe Analytics, Adobe Audience Manager, customer journey analytics, real-time customer data platform, and intelligent services. Our solutions help customers manage, deliver, test, target, and optimize content delivery and enable shopping experiences that scale from mid-market to enterprise businesses. Our offerings include Adobe Experience Manager, Adobe Target, and Adobe Commerce. By combining the creativity of our digital media business with the science of our digital experience business, we help our customers to more efficiently and effectively make, manage, measure, and monetize their content across every channel with an end-to-end workflow and feedback loop. We believe that investments in research and development, including the recruiting and hiring of software developers, are critical to remain competitive in the marketplace and are directly related to continued timely development of new and enhanced offerings and solutions. We will continue to focus on long-term opportunities available in our end markets and make significant investments in the development of our subscription and service offerings, applications, and tools. Our digital media segment is a market leader with Creative Cloud, our subscription-based offering which provides desktop tools, mobile apps, and cloud-based services for designing, creating, and publishing rich and immersive content. Creative Cloud delivers value with deep, cross-product integration, frequent product updates and feature enhancements, cloud-enabled services including storage and syncing of files across users' machines, machine learning, and artificial intelligence. We expect Creative Cloud will drive sustained long-term revenue growth through a continued expansion of our customer base by acquiring new users as a result of low cost of entry and delivery of additional features and value to Creative Cloud, as well as keeping existing customers current on our latest release. Our strategy with Creative Cloud is designed to enable us to increase our revenue with users, attract more new customers, and grow our recurring and predictable revenue stream that is recognized ratably.