The global COVID-19 pandemic has continued to evolve and our priority has been and continues to be the safety of our associates and the needs of our clients. In March 2020, we implemented our business continuity plan and took steps to shift over 98% of our workforce to work from home or off-site locations to ensure uninterrupted service to our clients across our solutions. Our sales force will continue to primarily engage with prospects and clients virtually; however, we are beginning to conduct face-to-face meetings in certain geographies. ADP's efforts have been focused on providing information and tools to help clients understand and navigate the governmental relief that has been adopted globally. For example, ADP has been working to provide support to all employers on the relief available under both the Families First Coronavirus Response Act and the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act. This includes an employer preparedness toolkit that helps explain the federal and state government relief, as well as a website dedicated to providing critical information about the Small Business Administration Paycheck Protection Program. During the second half of fiscal 2020, we rolled out a range of tools and reports to help our clients through the crisis and prepare for the recovery. We implemented over 1,000 feature changes to our products in response to 2,000 legislative updates in 60 countries. The significant impact the COVID-19 pandemic is having on our clients and the broader economy is in turn having an effect on our reported metrics. Despite the fact that we have seen improvement as countries and states are in various stages of reopening, we've seen the impact on our full year fiscal 2020 results. While the challenges presented by COVID-19 may affect the timing of our execution of parts of our strategy, we remain on a transformation journey, and our initiatives are yielding efficiencies and are focused on changing how we work. In fiscal 2020, we executed on our workforce optimization program and procurement transformation initiatives. For fiscal 2021, we are moving forward with a digital implementation and servicing initiative that leverages many of the capabilities highlighted at our February 2020 innovation day. We are committed to building upon our past successes by investing in our business through enhancements in research and development and by driving meaningful transformation in the way we operate. Systems development and programming costs increased for fiscal 2020 due to increased investments and costs to develop, support, and maintain our products, partially offset by capitalization of costs related to our strategic projects, including our next-gen platforms. Our revenue growth includes one percentage point of pressure from foreign currency. The increase in operating cash provided is primarily due to growth in our business supplemented by a growth in non-cash expenses within operating activities and net favorable change in the components of working capital as compared to fiscal 2019. We believe that we currently meet all conditions set forth in the revolving credit agreements to borrow thereunder, and we are not aware of any conditions that would prevent us from borrowing part or all of the $9.7 billion available to us under the revolving credit agreements. Our investment strategy is structured to allow us to average our way through an interest rate cycle by laddering the maturities of our investments out to five years and out to ten years. We utilize a strategy by which we extend the maturities of our investment portfolio for funds held for clients and employ short-term financing arrangements to satisfy our short-term funding requirements related to client funds obligations.