Information technology capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. A firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. The importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities is underscored. Our investment strategies are tailored to the specific business needs of each operating unit by targeting an asset allocation mix that supports estimated cash flows of our outstanding liabilities and provides diversification from an asset class, sector, issuer, and geographic perspective. The primary objectives are generation of investment income, preservation of capital, liquidity management, and growth of surplus. We utilize various credit enhancements, including letters of credit, guarantees, collateral, credit triggers, credit derivatives, margin agreements, and subordination to reduce the credit risk related to outstanding financial derivative transactions. We maintain liquidity limits and minimum coverage ratios designed to ensure that funding needs are met under varying stress conditions. Our liquidity risk management framework is guided by the liquidity risk tolerance as set forth in the board-approved risk appetite statement. The principal objective of this framework is to establish minimum liquidity requirements that protect our long-term viability and ability to fund our ongoing business and meet short-term financial obligations in a timely manner in both normal and stressed conditions. We actively monitor fixed income markets, including the level of interest rates, credit spreads, and the shape of the yield curve. We also frequently review our interest rate assumptions and actively manage the crediting rates used for new and in-force business. We seek to enhance operational effectiveness by simplifying processes and operating environments to increase competitiveness, improve service and product capabilities, and facilitate delivery of our target customer experience. Our general insurance companies may require additional funding to meet capital or liquidity needs under certain circumstances. Large catastrophes may require us to provide additional support to our affected operations. We manage our risks through risk review and selection processes, exposure limitations, exclusions, deductibles, self-insured retentions, coverage limits, attachment points, and reinsurance. We continually evaluate the relative attractiveness of different forms of reinsurance contracts and different markets that may be used to achieve our risk and profitability objectives. Our investment strategies include the use of technology to improve operating efficiency and ease of doing business for our distribution partners and customers.