We believe that one of our major strengths is our ability to deliver comprehensively structured insurance and risk management services to our clients. Our brokers, agents, and administrators act as intermediaries between underwriting enterprises and our clients. We expect to continue to expand our international operations through both acquisitions and organic growth. Our brokerage segment generates revenues by identifying, negotiating, and placing all forms of insurance or reinsurance coverage, as well as providing risk-shifting, risk-sharing, and risk-mitigation consulting services. We also provide management and administrative services to captives, pools, risk-retention groups, healthcare exchanges, and small underwriting enterprises, including data analytics and other administrative services. The primary source of revenues for our brokerage services is commissions from underwriting enterprises, based on a percentage of premiums paid by our clients, or fees received from clients based on an agreed level of service usually in lieu of commissions. We are actively managing costs by limiting discretionary spending, adjusting our real estate footprint, and increasing utilization of our centers of excellence. The cost-saving impact of these actions in the second, third, and fourth quarters of 2020 was substantial, with estimated quarterly savings of approximately $65 million to $70 million pretax compared to the same quarters in 2019. We believe that our history of strong new business generation, solid retentions, and enhanced value-added services for our carrier partners should help offset, to a degree, softer global economic conditions. Throughout 2020, we experienced the impact of lower electricity consumption in the U.S. due to reduced economic activity, and we expect this could persist at least through the first half of 2021. We have investments in limited liability companies that own clean coal production plants, and we believe that the production and sale of refined coal at these plants are qualified to receive refined coal tax credits. We anticipate that these investments will continue to generate positive net cash flows for the period 2021 through at least 2025. We have not seen any meaningful decline in cash receipts from our clients to date and we have more than $1.6 billion of available liquidity. We believe that we have sufficient capital and access to additional capital to meet our short- and long-term cash flow needs. Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which require management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We expect to use the additional cash flow generated by our earnings to continue our mergers and acquisition strategy in our core brokerage and risk management operations. We have made significant investments in information technology and software development projects, and we expect total expenditures for capital improvements to be approximately $150.0 million, part of which is related to expenditures on updating computer systems and equipment. The economies of the U.S. and other countries around the world contracted during 2020 as a result of COVID-19, and we expect that our strong new business generation and enhanced value-added services will help offset the impact of these economic conditions. We are working to conclude our forensic investigation and determine the nature and extent of unauthorized access to information on our systems. We maintain cyber liability insurance coverage, but disputes over the extent of insurance coverage for claims are not uncommon.