Our mission is to make it easier for everyone to experience the world. We seek to empower people to cut through travel barriers, such as money, time, language, and overwhelming options, so they can use our services to easily and confidently go where they want to go, stay where they want to stay, dine where they want to dine, pay how they want to pay, and experience what they want to experience. We connect consumers wishing to make travel reservations with providers of travel services around the world through our online platforms. We are increasing the collaboration, cooperation, and interdependency among our brands in our efforts to provide consumers with the best and most comprehensive services. We also seek to maximize the benefits of our scale by sharing resources and technological innovations, co-developing new services, and coordinating activities in key markets among our brands. We believe that continuing to improve the choices of accommodations available through our services will help us to continue to grow our accommodation reservation business. We are constantly innovating to grow our business by providing a best-in-class user experience with intuitive, easy-to-use online platforms to ensure that we are meeting the needs of online consumers while aiming to exceed their expectations. As part of these ongoing efforts, we have a long-term strategy to build a more integrated offering of multiple elements of travel, which we refer to as the "connected trip," and we expect these efforts to increase room night growth and revenue growth over time. We believe that adding these types of service offerings will benefit consumers and travel service providers, as well as our gross bookings, room night, and earnings growth rates. Our markets are also subject to rapidly changing conditions, including technological developments, consumer behavior changes, regulatory changes, and travel service provider consolidation. We have experienced a significant shift of both direct and indirect business to mobile platforms, and our advertising partners are also seeing a rapid shift of traffic to mobile platforms. We observed an increasingly higher share of our newly-booked room nights made on a mobile device throughout 2020. Our marketing expenses consist primarily of the costs of search engine keyword purchases, referrals from meta-search and travel research websites, affiliate programs, offline and online brand marketing, and other performance-based marketing and incentives. We rely on marketing channels to generate a significant amount of traffic to our websites. Our information technology expenses consist primarily of software license and system maintenance fees, outsourced data center and cloud computing costs, payments to contractors, and data communications and other expenses associated with operating our services. Information technology expenses increased during the year ended December 31, 2020, compared to the year ended December 31, 2019, due to increased software license fees related to cybersecurity and data privacy software, as well as increased outsourced data center costs. We believe competitive pressure to innovate will encompass a wider range of services and technologies, including services and technologies that may be outside of our historical core business, and our ability to keep pace may slow. Our goal is to grow revenue and achieve healthy operating margins in an effort to maintain profitability. The uncertain and highly competitive environment in which we operate makes the prediction of future results of operations difficult.