Through our subsidiaries, we engage in a number of diverse business activities. Our management views our insurance businesses as possessing two distinct activities - underwriting and investing. The business segment data should be read in conjunction with this discussion. In response to the effects of the pandemic, our businesses implemented various business continuity plans to protect our employees and customers. Such plans include a variety of actions, such as temporarily closing certain retail stores and implementing practices to protect employees while at work. We also took actions in response to the economic losses from reductions in consumer demand for products and services we offer. These actions included employee furloughs, wage and salary reductions, capital spending reductions, and other actions intended to help mitigate the economic losses and preserve capital and liquidity. Certain of our businesses undertook and may continue to undertake restructuring activities to resize their operations to better fit expected customer demand. Our insurance businesses generated after-tax earnings from underwriting, and underwriting results included after-tax losses from significant catastrophe events. The timing and amount of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results, particularly with respect to our reinsurance businesses. Changes in estimates for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses can also significantly affect our periodic underwriting results. Our insurance and reinsurance businesses are geico, berkshire hathaway primary group, and berkshire hathaway reinsurance group. The effects of the pandemic may be further affected by judicial rulings and regulatory and legislative actions pertaining to insurance coverage and claims. We provide primary insurance and reinsurance products covering property and casualty risks, as well as life and health risks. Our insurance and reinsurance businesses are geico, berkshire hathaway primary group, and berkshire hathaway reinsurance group. Our insurance businesses are subject to market dynamics, and the effects of the pandemic have varied among our manufacturing businesses relative to significance and duration. Our businesses that were deemed essential continued to operate through the pandemic, including our railroad, utilities and energy, insurance, and certain of our manufacturing, wholesale distribution, and service businesses. The overall volume decrease was primarily due to the COVID-19 pandemic, which severely impacted volumes through the first half of the year. We believe that maintaining ample liquidity is paramount, and we insist on safety over yield with respect to short-term investments. Our consolidated balance sheet continues to reflect very significant liquidity and a very strong capital base. Our combined insurance operations generated pre-tax underwriting earnings, and the average cost of float for each of those periods was negative. We strive to maintain high credit ratings to minimize the cost of our debt. We expect to incur pre-tax underwriting losses from certain businesses, primarily through deferred charge amortization and discount accretion charges. We evaluate performance of underwriting operations without any allocation of investment income or investment gains/losses. Our management team participates in and is ultimately responsible for significant capital allocation decisions, investment activities, and the selection of the chief executive to head each of the operating businesses. The effects of the pandemic on commercial airlines and aircraft manufacturers is particularly severe. We considered a number of factors in our reevaluation, including but not limited to the announcements by airlines concerning potential future demand, employment levels, and aircraft orders.