Our technology infrastructure has proven to be robust and capable of supporting this model. We are leveraging technology to ensure our teams stay connected and productive, and that our culture remains strong even in these unusual circumstances. The global economy has, with certain setbacks, continued to reopen following the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic and the related shutdowns or limitations in the operations of certain non-essential businesses. Market rebounds across many asset classes have contributed to capital deployment, realization, and fundraising activity. Progress on COVID-19 vaccine production and distribution, together with continued support from previously implemented fiscal and monetary stimulus, have aided the continuing economic recovery and could potentially accelerate such recovery. The majority of our aggregate global real estate portfolio in BREP and core+ real estate businesses is in sectors that we believe are more resilient to the impact of COVID-19. The resurgence in COVID-19 infection levels in certain geographies and a potential resulting market downturn may pose material risks. We have also seen a continuing focus toward rent regulation as a means to address residential affordability caused by undersupply of housing in certain markets in the U.S. and Europe, as well as an increasing focus on the institution of eviction limitations in response to the COVID-19 pandemic in the U.S. Our credit & insurance segment has benefited from the recovery of liquidity in the market during the second half of 2020. The continuing recovery has also contributed to capital deployment, realization, and fundraising activity. The market has experienced rebounds across many asset classes, and our hedge fund solutions segment largely recovered from the losses in composite returns experienced in the first quarter of 2020. The segment's revenues will depend in part on our ability to successfully grow such existing diverse business lines and strategies and identify new ones to meet evolving investor appetites. We expect an increasing change in the mix of our product offerings to products whose performance-based fees represent a more significant proportion of the fees than has historically been the case for such products. The global outbreak of COVID-19 required management to make significant judgments about the ultimate adverse impact of COVID-19 on financial markets and economic conditions, which is uncertain and may change over time. Our business is organized into four segments: real estate, private equity, hedge fund solutions, and credit & insurance. We are a global leader in private equity investing. Our corporate private equity business strives to create value by investing in great businesses where our capital, strategic insight, global relationships, and operational support can drive transformation. Our private equity segment includes our corporate private equity business, which consists of our flagship private equity funds, sector-focused private equity funds, and opportunistic investment platform. We have not experienced a period of significant dislocation since the first quarter of 2020, during which the liquidity of certain assets traded in the credit markets was limited. Nonetheless, another period of such dislocation would impact the value of certain assets held by our funds and such funds' ability to sell such assets at attractive prices or in a timely manner, each of which would adversely impact performance revenues in our credit & insurance segment. We expect to continue to make these general partner capital commitments as we raise additional amounts for our investment funds over time.