Citi's expenses reflected continued investments in its transformation, including infrastructure supporting its risk and control environment. The company is embarking on a multiyear transformation, with the target outcome to change Citi's business and operating models such that they simultaneously strengthen risk and controls and improve Citi's value to customers, clients, and shareholders. One part of the broader transformation effort involves compliance with the federal reserve board and OCC consent orders, which require Citi to submit acceptable plans relating principally to various aspects of risk management, compliance, data quality management, and governance, and internal controls. Citi's management of the pandemic risks includes protocols that address the prioritization of critical processing, the ability of staff and third parties to support these processes from remote work locations, deployment of new hardware to support technology needs, and ongoing monitoring to assess controls and service levels. The organizational response to the pandemic has been governed by Citi's executive management team and driven through regional task forces focusing on managing the pandemic responses and implementing continuity of business plans. Citi's results of operations and financial condition reflect the impact of adjustments due to operational losses related to certain legal matters, which are part of the broader context of managing operational efficiency and internal processes. The company continues to support its colleagues, customers, clients, and communities while maintaining a strong balance sheet, which is critical for operational flexibility and resilience in a challenging economic environment. The economic outlook reflects continued challenges related to the pandemic, which have created a more volatile operating environment that will continue to negatively impact Citi's businesses and results. As part of its compliance actions, Citi has centralized its program management under the leadership of a chief administrative officer organization and is making the strengthening of its risk and control environment a further strategic priority. The impact of the pandemic has also led to adjustments in operational strategies, including the management of credit losses and the allocation of resources to support business needs. The company is focused on leveraging its global footprint and digital capabilities to develop multi-product relationships with customers, optimizing client experiences across lending, payments, and wealth management through continued digitization, new partnerships, and innovation. The transformation strategy emphasizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities to enhance organizational goals and performance. The ongoing investments in infrastructure and technology management are aimed at improving operational efficiency and supporting strategic resource allocation, which are essential for maintaining competitive advantage and responding to market dynamics.