Management continues to implement safeguards in our facilities to protect team members, including increased frequency of cleaning and disinfecting, social distancing practices, and other measures consistent with specific governmental requirements and guidance from health authorities. We have continued to take actions to reduce costs and prioritize our spending to provide for investment in services and expanded offerings, key elements of our strategy for profitable growth, which was introduced in 2017. The product portfolio includes technology products and services to provide customers fleet management, equipment management analytics, and autonomous machine capabilities. The business strategy, product design, product management and development, manufacturing, marketing and sales, and product support are critical to supporting customers using machinery in infrastructure and building construction applications. The company’s financial products segment provides financing alternatives to customers and dealers around the world for caterpillar products, as well as financing for vehicles, power generation facilities, and marine vessels that incorporate caterpillar products. The segment also provides insurance and risk management products and services that help customers and dealers manage their business risk. The various forms of financing, insurance, and risk management products offered to customers and dealers help support the purchase and lease of caterpillar equipment. The company has committed cash outflow related to long-term debt, operating lease agreements, postretirement benefit obligations, purchase obligations, and interest on long-term debt. The company’s financial position is supported by a strong cash and liquidity position, with consolidated operating cash flow for 2020 being $6.33 billion. The company’s liquidity and capital resources are focused on maintaining a strong financial position in support of a mid-A rating, funding operational requirements and commitments, and funding priorities that profitably grow the company and return capital to shareholders through dividend growth and share repurchases. The company anticipates that prior restructuring actions will result in an incremental benefit to operating costs, primarily costs of goods sold and selling, general and administrative expenses. The company recognizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The IT function’s competence to effectively support business needs has become key in transforming the firm into a competitive force. The company’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The firm’s IT capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. The company’s investment in digital technologies and innovation partnerships is aimed at enhancing operational efficiency and effectiveness, thereby improving firm performance and market responsiveness. The strategic resource allocation and investment decisions are aligned with the firm’s business strategy, focusing on actionable investments that drive long-term profitable growth. The company’s commitment to developing its IT infrastructure and capabilities is integral to achieving its organizational goals and enhancing its competitive positioning in the market.