We enable our customers to develop electronic products. Our products and services are designed to give our customers a competitive edge in their development of integrated circuits (ICs), system on chips (SoCs), and increasingly sophisticated electronic devices and systems. Our strategy, which we call intelligent system design, is to provide the technology necessary for our customers to develop electronic products across a variety of vertical markets including consumer, hyperscale computing, 5G communications, automotive, aerospace and defense, industrial, and healthcare. Our products and services enable our customers to develop complex and innovative electronic products, so demand for our technology is driven by our customers' investment in new designs and products. We group our products into categories related to major design activities: custom IC design and simulation, digital IC design and signoff, functional verification, IP, and system design and analysis. These acquisitions enhance our technology portfolio to address growing radio frequency design activity, driven by expanding use of 5G communications. Management uses certain performance indicators to manage our business, including revenue and certain elements of operating expenses, and we describe these items further below under the headings "results of operations" and "liquidity and capital resources." We expect that current cash and cash equivalent balances, cash flows generated from operations, and cash borrowings available under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to meet our domestic and international working capital needs, and other capital and liquidity requirements, including acquisitions and share repurchases for at least the next 12 months. Our operating expenses include marketing and sales, research and development, and general and administrative expenses. During fiscal 2020, we experienced decreased operating expenses for travel, meetings, and events due to various measures implemented to contain COVID-19. Our operating margin increased during fiscal 2020, as compared to fiscal 2019, because revenue growth exceeded the growth of our costs and expenses. The increase in cash flows from operating activities during fiscal 2020, as compared to fiscal 2019, was primarily due to the improved results from operations and timing of cash receipts from customers and disbursements made to vendors. The increase in cash used for investing activities during fiscal 2020, as compared to fiscal 2019, was primarily due to an increase in cash paid in business combinations, net of cash acquired, and an increase in purchases of property, plant, and equipment. We expect to continue our investing activities, including purchasing property, plant, and equipment, purchasing intangible assets, business combinations, purchasing software licenses, and making strategic investments. Our revenue is significantly affected by the mix of software, hardware, and IP products generating revenue in any given period and whether the revenue is recognized over time or at a point in time, upon completion of delivery. The percentage of our recurring and up-front revenue may be impacted by the delivery of hardware and IP products to our customers in any single fiscal period. Our cash flows from operating activities are significantly influenced by business levels and the payment terms set forth in our customer agreements. The timing of our revenue is significantly affected by the mix of software, hardware, and IP products generating revenue in any given period. We continue to evaluate the nature and extent of the impact of COVID-19 on our business. Our products and services do this by optimizing performance, minimizing power consumption, shortening the time to bring our customers' products to market, improving engineering productivity, and reducing their design, development, and manufacturing costs.