We are a leading broadband connectivity company and cable operator serving more than 31 million customers in 41 states through our spectrum brand. Our ability to successfully operate our business and deliver services during the COVID-19 pandemic is a result of investments we have made in our network, our employees, and our systems. We have invested significantly in our self-service infrastructure, and customers have accelerated the adoption of our digital self-service capabilities and self-installation program with nearly 80% of installations using the program. Through accelerated network capacity increases, we have been able to respond to the significant increase in data demands on our network to enable social distancing through telecommuting and e-learning. Requests from government, healthcare, and educational institutions for new fiber connections, bandwidth upgrades, and new services were prioritized. Our operating and investment strategy has allowed us to sustain and accelerate our customer and financial growth during the pandemic. We expect to continue to drive customer relationship growth through sales of bundled services and improving customer retention despite the expectation for continued losses of video and wireline voice customers. We launched 5G service offerings and refreshed our device offerings with new 5G models which we expect will contribute to continued growth of our mobile business. Our spectrum mobile service is offered to customers subscribing to our internet service and runs on Verizon's mobile network combined with spectrum Wi-Fi. We believe spectrum-branded mobile services will drive higher sales of our core products, create longer customer lives, and increase profitability and cash flow over time. In addition, we are committed to raising our minimum starting wage for hourly employees to $20 an hour over the next two years. We have significant ongoing capital expenditure requirements, with capital expenditures primarily driven by network expansion, including to rural areas, higher support capital due to facility improvements, and investments in back-office systems. We currently expect 2021 cable capital expenditures to be relatively consistent or lower as a percentage of cable revenue versus 2020. Our capital expenditures are funded primarily from cash flows from operating activities and borrowings on our credit facility. We continue to evaluate the deployment of our cash on hand and anticipated future free cash flow including to invest in our business growth and other strategic opportunities, including mergers and acquisitions as well as stock repurchases and dividends. We cannot predict the ultimate impact of COVID-19 on our business, including the depth and duration of the economic impact to household formation and growth, and our residential and business customers' ability to pay for our products and services. Our ability to adapt and transform our services in response to changing consumer demands and market dynamics has been critical in maintaining our competitive advantage. The impacts of COVID-19 have significantly affected how our customers use our products and services, how they interact with us, and how our employees work and provide services to our customers.