We continue to invest in improving our digital platforms and have significantly upgraded our capabilities by digitizing almost all of our digital-make lines, expanding our partnerships with multiple third-party delivery services, and building more chipotlanes, which is our drive-through format for digital order pickups. Digital sales, which includes delivery and customer pick-up, increased 174.1% year over year and accounted for 46.2% of 2020 sales, compared to 10.9% of 2019 sales. The shift to digital sales accelerated in March 2020 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Labor efficiency realized from digital enhancements to the restaurants partially offset COVID-19 related increases in labor costs. We expect to incur about $390 million in total capital expenditures, including approximately $120 million in capital expenditures related to investments in existing restaurants, including updated equipment, technology, remodeling, and similar improvements. Our general and administrative expenses increased primarily due to a $20.1 million increase in outside service expense related to company initiatives to support digital and restaurant growth. Depreciation and amortization increased as a percentage of total revenue in 2020 due to accelerated depreciation associated with our website, mobile app, and other technology, new restaurant openings, and equipment upgrades in the restaurants primarily to support the growth in our digital business. We have excluded agreements that are cancelable without penalty from our purchase obligations, which include commitments related to information technology and marketing initiatives. We are adapting our restaurant operations to the changing environment and are reducing non-essential controllable costs. Our results of operations are affected by various factors, including the amount and timing of non-cash stock-based compensation expense and related tax rate impacts, litigation, settlement costs, and related legal expenses, impairment charges, and non-operating costs. We believe that cash from operations, together with our cash and investment balances, will be sufficient to meet ongoing capital expenditures, working capital requirements, and other cash needs for the foreseeable future. Our total capital expenditures for 2020 were $373.4 million, and we expect approximately $220 million in capital expenditures related to the construction of new restaurants. We are working to minimize waste, effectively schedule labor hours, and reduce non-essential controllable costs. The increase in our restaurant operating costs was driven primarily by COVID-19 related impacts, including increased delivery expenses and elevated beef prices. We remain focused on reducing non-essential controllable costs and judiciously spending on return-generating projects to preserve liquidity. The significant factors contributing to the total revenue increase in 2020 were new restaurant openings and comparable restaurant sales increases. We expect to continue investing in technology to enhance our operational efficiency and support our business transformation efforts. The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected our operations and financial results for the foreseeable future, and we continue to follow guidance from health officials in determining the appropriate restrictions to put in place for each restaurant. Our commitment to enhancing our digital capabilities is central to our strategy for adapting to market dynamics and consumer demands.