As part of our growth strategy, we invest in businesses in certain countries that carry high levels of risks such as China, Brazil, India, Mexico, Russia, and countries in the Middle East and Africa. Our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction, and general industrial markets. Demand in these markets tends to fluctuate in response to overall economic conditions. The ongoing spread of the virus and increase in infections prior to widespread vaccination presents several risks to our business, especially in the first half of 2021. Our operations are also affected by currency, political, economic, public health crises, epidemics or pandemics, and regulatory matters, including adoption and enforcement of environmental and emission standards. We continue to serve all our markets as they adopt electrification and alternative power technologies, meeting the needs of our OEM partners and end customers. Our reportable operating segments consist of engine, distribution, components, power systems, and new power, organized according to the products and markets each segment serves. The new power segment designs, manufactures, sells, and supports hydrogen production solutions as well as electrified power systems ranging from fully electric to hybrid along with innovative components and subsystems, including battery and fuel cell technologies. Our research activities continue to focus on the development of new products to meet future emission standards around the world, improvements in fuel economy performance of diesel and natural gas-powered engines, and related components as well as development activities around fully electric, hybrid, and hydrogen powertrain solutions. We believe EBITDA is a useful measure of our operating performance as it assists investors and debt holders in comparing our performance on a consistent basis without regard to financing methods, capital structure, income taxes, or depreciation and amortization methods, which can vary significantly depending upon many factors. Our liquidity of $7.0 billion in cash, marketable securities, and available credit facilities puts us in a strong position to deal with any uncertainties that may arise in 2021. We assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate adequate cash to fund our operating, investing, and financing activities. We continue to generate significant cash from operations and maintain access to our expanded revolving credit facilities and commercial paper programs. We expect demand for pick-up trucks in North America to remain strong and in line with the second half of 2020. Our board of directors continues to monitor and evaluate all of these factors along with the continuing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and operations. Our financial performance is influenced by our ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities. The notion of IT capability underscores the importance of supporting business needs and transforming a firm into a competitive force.