Management monitors a variety of key indicators to evaluate our business results and financial condition, focusing on changes from year to year in certain key measures used by management to evaluate performance, such as profitability, growth, and credit quality metrics. Our net interest income decreased by $427 million to $22.9 billion in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily driven by lower yields on average earning assets and lower outstanding balances in domestic card, as well as higher interest-bearing deposit balances, partially offset by the lower interest rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities. Higher operating expenses were driven by an increase in salaries and associate benefits due to continued investment in technology. The provision for credit losses increased by $4.0 billion to $10.3 billion in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily driven by allowance builds in the first and second quarters of 2020 due to expectations of economic worsening as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. We expect net interest income and our net interest margin to fluctuate based on changes in interest rates and changes in the amount and composition of our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Our liquidity reserves increased by $53.4 billion to $144.0 billion as of December 31, 2020, primarily driven by increases in our cash balances from deposit growth and in our investment securities. We have established liquidity practices intended to ensure that we have sufficient asset-based liquidity to cover our funding requirements and maintain adequate reserves to withstand the potential impact of deposit attrition or diminished liquidity in the funding markets. Our capital management processes are linked to our risk management practices, including the enterprise-wide identification, assessment, and measurement of risks to ensure that all relevant risks are incorporated in the assessment of the company's capital adequacy. We use identified risks to inform key aspects of the company's capital planning, including the development of stress scenarios, the assessment of the adequacy of post-stress capital levels, and the appropriateness of potential capital actions considering the company's capital objectives. Our risk governance structure and accountabilities effectively and consistently oversee the management of risks across the company. The chief risk officer, in conjunction with the consumer and commercial chief credit officers, is responsible for establishing credit risk policies and procedures, including underwriting and hold guidelines and credit approval authority, and monitoring credit exposure and performance of our lending-related transactions. We recognize that we are exposed to cyclical changes in credit quality and continually monitor our portfolio to ensure resilience to economic downturns. Our credit policies establish standards in customer selection, underwriting, monitoring, remediation, and portfolio management. We employ various industry-standard market risk measurement techniques and analyses to measure, assess, and manage the impact of changes in interest rates on our net interest income and our economic value of equity. We manage our interest rate risk primarily by entering into interest rate swaps and other derivative instruments. Our current sensitivity to upward shocks has increased as compared to December 31, 2019, mainly due to the decline in interest rates and the growth in deposits and cash. We have made progress on our transition efforts away from LIBOR to alternative reference rates, implementing a robust governance framework and transition planning.