We provide vehicle sellers with a full range of services to process and sell vehicles primarily over the internet through our virtual bidding third generation internet auction-style sales technology, which we refer to as vb3. We offer vehicle sellers a full range of services that help expedite each stage of the vehicle sales process, minimize administrative and processing costs, and maximize the ultimate sales price through the online auction process. Our revenue is impacted by several factors, including total loss frequency and the average vehicle auction selling price, as a significant amount of our service revenue is associated in some manner with the ultimate selling price of the vehicle. Vehicle auction selling prices are driven primarily by market demand for rebuildable, drivable vehicles, used car pricing, and end market demand for recycled and refurbished parts as reflected in demand from dismantlers. We monitor and analyze a number of key financial performance indicators in order to manage our business and evaluate our financial and operating performance. Our primary source of working capital is cash operating results and debt financing. The primary source of our liquidity is our cash and cash equivalents and revolving loan facility. We believe that these acquisitions and openings will strengthen our coverage, as we have facilities located in the U.S., Canada, the U.K., Brazil, the Republic of Ireland, Germany, Finland, the U.A.E., Oman, Bahrain, and Spain with the intention of providing global coverage for our sellers. We continue to develop, expand, and invest in new and existing facilities and standardize the appearance of existing locations. Our capital expenditures are primarily related to lease buyouts of certain facilities, acquiring land, opening and improving facilities, capitalized software development costs for new software for internal use and major software enhancements, and acquiring yard equipment. We capitalize system development costs and website development costs related to our enterprise computing services during the application development stage. We expect to acquire or develop additional locations and expand some of our current facilities in the foreseeable future. We may be required to raise additional cash through drawdowns on our revolving loan facility or issuance of additional equity to fund this expansion. We have not paid a cash dividend since becoming a public company in 1994. We are in compliance with all covenants related to the credit agreement as of July 31, 2020. Our obligations under the credit agreement are guaranteed by certain of our domestic subsidiaries meeting materiality thresholds set forth in the credit agreement. We recognize and measure identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in acquired entities in accordance with ASC 805, business combinations. The allocation of the purchase consideration for acquisitions can require extensive use of accounting estimates and judgments to allocate the purchase consideration to the identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective fair values. We believe that our currently available cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to satisfy our operating and working capital requirements for at least the next 12 months. We adjusted, but did not make material modifications to, our operating expenses to be able to continue providing employment for our employees, service to our sellers, and process incoming vehicles for sale in future quarters. We expect the pandemic to have an adverse effect on our quarterly revenues in future quarters, with the magnitude and timing of these effects dependent upon the extent and duration of suspended economic activity across our markets.