Cintas helps more than one million businesses of all types and sizes get ready to open their doors with confidence every day by providing a wide range of products and services that enhance customers' image and help keep their facilities and employees clean, safe, and looking their best. The company's principal objective is to exceed customers' expectations in order to maximize long-term value for shareholders and working partners, which provides the framework and focus for its business strategy. This strategy aims to achieve revenue growth by increasing penetration at existing customers and broadening the customer base to include business segments not historically served. Cintas has a highly talented and diverse team of service professionals visiting customers regularly, enabling the development of close personal relationships. The combination of the distribution system and strong customer relationships provides a platform for launching additional products and services. Cintas evaluates operating segment performance based on revenue and income before income taxes, regularly reviewing its operating segments for reporting purposes based on information its chief operating decision maker regularly reviews for resource allocation and performance assessment. The COVID-19 pandemic impacted Cintas' ability to conduct normal business operations, leading to a need for health and safety measures to keep employees, contractors, and customers safe. Cintas initiated activities to reduce operating costs and better align its workforce with ongoing business needs, recording significant employee termination costs and long-lived asset impairment costs during the fiscal year. The company has access to short-term debt from its revolving credit facility, which supports its liquidity position. Cintas' cash flows from operating activities are expected to remain sufficient to provide adequate levels of short-term liquidity, although long-term liquidity remains uncertain due to the evolving impacts of COVID-19. The company plans to limit capital expenditures to essential business needs and will evaluate strategic acquisitions as opportunities arise. Cintas' revenue growth was positively impacted by new business, penetration of additional products and services into existing customers, and sales productivity improvements, which are due to increased tenure and improved training of sales representatives. The company recorded an increase in revenue from its operating segments, driven by organic growth and new business opportunities. The gross margin was positively impacted by continuous improvements in process efficiency, and selling and administrative expenses increased primarily due to labor and employee-partner related expenses. Cintas' effective tax rate on continuing operations was impacted by certain permanent differences, and the company believes its tax-related accruals are appropriate. The preparation of Cintas' consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that significantly affect reported amounts, including those impacted by COVID-19. Cintas continues to monitor its credit rating and capacity for long-term financing, considering various qualitative and quantitative factors, including the ratio of total debt to EBITDA. The company is committed to maintaining financial flexibility and will continue to evaluate its liquidity position and financial performance in light of the ongoing pandemic.