In an increasingly connected and digital world, the company is meeting people wherever they are and changing health care to meet their needs. The health care benefits segment has the information and resources to help members, in consultation with their health care professionals, make more informed decisions about their health care. The company believes its innovative health care model increases access to quality care, delivers better health outcomes, and lowers overall health care costs. The company has executed preparedness plans to maintain continuity of its operations, including transitioning many office-based colleagues to a remote work environment and installing protective equipment in retail pharmacies. The company also provided enhanced benefits to its colleagues, including bonuses to frontline colleagues and paid sick leave for part-time colleagues. The company’s strong local presence and scale in communities enabled it to play an indispensable role in the national response to COVID-19, providing seamless support for customers wherever they needed it. The company is expected to benefit from the ongoing digitalization of its business along with technology improvements in its operations, which are key drivers of operational efficiency and market agility. The health care benefits segment is expected to benefit from Medicare membership growth, partially offset by membership declines in Medicaid products and the adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The projected medical benefit ratio is expected to increase compared to 2020, reflecting the return to more normal levels of utilization and the continued shift in business mix. The company’s investments in transformation and enterprise modernization programs include expenses associated with information technology and finance departments. The company’s operating expenses increased due to incremental operating expenses associated with the COVID-19 pandemic response efforts and increased operating expenses associated with growth in the business. The company uses adjusted operating income as its principal measure of segment performance, enhancing its ability to compare past financial performance with current performance and analyze underlying business performance and trends. The company’s pharmacy services segment provides a full range of pharmacy benefit management solutions, including plan design offerings and administration, formulary management, and clinical services. The company’s efforts to retain existing clients and obtain new business continue to impact operating income and adjusted operating income. The health care benefits segment’s operating income increased significantly, driven by the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the receipt of amounts owed under the ACA risk corridor program. The company’s digital infrastructure and technology capabilities are essential for supporting business needs and enhancing operational flexibility. The company’s ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities has become key in transforming the firm into a competitive force. The company’s IT governance and management practices are designed to support strategic resource allocation and enhance organizational capabilities. The company continuously assesses its regulatory capital requirements, working capital needs, and future investments or acquisitions to maximize shareholder return and maintain financial condition. The company believes its operating cash flows and credit facilities will be sufficient to fund future payments and long-term initiatives.