The covid-19 pandemic has continued to have a widespread and unprecedented impact on a global scale. The health crisis continues to have a severe effect on the economy and unemployment. Our business activities are funded primarily through consumer deposits, securitization of loan receivables, and the issuance of unsecured debt. We remain committed to disciplined expense management and will continue to make investments for profitable long-term growth, including increased marketing as well as investments in core technology capabilities and efficiency improvements. The pandemic has adversely impacted our financial results for the year ended December 31, 2020. During the year, we saw a decrease in sales volume and credit card loan growth as well as an increase in our estimate of life of loan expected credit losses. We have re-opened some of our physical locations with appropriate health safety measures and capacity limitations, including our corporate headquarters. However, we have informed employees that they may continue to work from home and will not be required to return to our physical locations until June 2021, at the earliest. Notwithstanding the shift to work-from-home, our operations continue largely unaffected due to the successful implementation of certain of our business continuity plans. Operational changes necessitated by the rapid shift in employee location have not thus far had a material adverse effect on us or our financial condition; however, the shift has caused us to grow increasingly dependent on third-party service providers, including those with which we have no relationship such as our employees' internet service providers. We anticipate modest loan growth during 2021, the size of which will be dependent on payment rate trends and the timing and pace of the broad economic recovery. We expect to see continued benefit from lower deposit rates and the maturity of higher-rate funding. The timing and magnitude of losses could be impacted by any additional government stimulus or material shifts in the economic environment. We have also completed numerous stress tests to assess the impact of a severe economic downturn on our capital and liquidity and maintain ample amounts of both to ensure we remain well-capitalized and funded while continuing to serve our customers and extend special accommodations to those who need it. Our primary revenues consist of interest income earned on loan receivables and fees earned from customers, financial institutions, merchants, and issuers. Our business activities are funded primarily through consumer deposits, securitization of loan receivables, and the issuance of unsecured debt. We have tightened standards for new accounts and for growing existing accounts across all products. In response to the covid-19 pandemic, we expanded borrower relief offerings to include skip-a-pay (payment deferral) and other loan modification programs, complementing the assistance already available through our existing loan modification programs. The accounts using these modifications as a result of the pandemic impact were evaluated for potential exclusion from TDR status either due to the insignificance of the concession or because they qualified for exemption pursuant to the CARES Act. We believe loan modification programs are useful in assisting customers experiencing financial difficulties and help to prevent defaults. We plan to continue to use loan modification programs as a means to provide relief to customers experiencing temporary financial difficulties.