Our primary business objectives are to maximize sustainable long-term growth in earnings and funds from operations per share and unit, cash flow and returns to our stockholders through the payment of distributions, and return on invested capital. We expect to accomplish our objectives by achieving superior risk-adjusted returns, prudently allocating capital, diversifying our product offerings, accelerating our global reach and scale, and driving revenue growth and operating efficiencies. A significant component of our current and future internal growth is anticipated through the development of our existing space held for development, acquisition of land for future development, and acquisition of new properties. We target high-quality, strategically located properties containing the physical and connectivity infrastructure that supports the applications and operations of data center and technology industry customers. Our data center properties contain fully redundant electrical supply systems, multiple power feeds, above-standard cooling systems, raised floor areas, extensive in-building communications cabling, and high-level security systems. We focus exclusively on owning, acquiring, developing, and operating data centers because we believe that the growth in data center demand and the technology-related real estate industry will continue to outpace the overall economy. Our ability to grow earnings depends in part on our ability to develop and lease capacity at favorable rates, which may not be obtainable. Development requires significant capital investment in order to develop data center facilities that are ready for use, and we may require additional time or encounter delays in securing customers for development projects. We may purchase additional vacant properties and properties with vacant development capacity in the future. We will require additional capital to finance our development activities, which may not be available or may not be available on terms acceptable to us. Our ability to maintain or improve occupancy and to lease currently available capacity depends on several factors, including supply and demand and data center market rental rates. We have invested in building out additional inventory primarily in what we anticipate will be our most active major metropolitan areas prior to having executed leases for this additional inventory. However, until this inventory is leased up, our return on invested capital will be negatively impacted. Our development activities make us susceptible to general economic slowdowns, including recessions and adverse developments in the data center and broader technology industries. Any such slowdown or adverse development could lead to reduced corporate IT spending or reduced demand for data center solutions. Changes in industry practice or in technology could also reduce demand for the physical data center capacity we provide or render the improvements in our facilities obsolete or in need of significant upgrades to remain viable. We believe that demand in key metropolitan areas is largely in line with supply and we continue to see strong demand in other key metropolitan areas across our portfolio. Our portfolio included 291 data centers, with an aggregate of 43.6 million rentable square feet, including 5.4 million square feet of space under active development and 2.3 million square feet of space held for development. Our ability to re-lease or renew expiring space at rental rates equal to or in excess of current rental rates will impact our results of operations.