We are one of the largest health benefits companies in the United States in terms of medical membership, serving approximately 43 medical members through our affiliated health plans as of December 31, 2020. Our strategy has been, and will continue to be, to only participate in rating regions where we have an appropriate level of confidence that these markets are on a path toward sustainability, including, but not limited to, factors such as expected financial performance, regulatory environment, and underlying market characteristics. We manage our operations through four reportable segments: commercial & specialty business, government business, ingeniorx, and other. Our comprehensive pharmacy benefits management (PBM) services portfolio includes features such as formulary management, pharmacy networks, a prescription drug database, member services, and mail order capabilities. We believe ingeniorx will improve our ability to integrate pharmacy benefits within our medical and specialty platform. Our results of operations depend in large part on our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage healthcare costs through effective contracting with providers of care to our members, product pricing, medical management, and health and wellness programs, innovative product design, and our ability to maintain or achieve improvement in our CMS star ratings. We strive to price our healthcare benefit products consistent with anticipated underlying medical cost trends and continue to closely monitor the COVID-19 pandemic and the impacts it may have on our pricing, such as surges in COVID-19 hospitalizations, infection rates, and the cost of COVID-19 vaccines. Our medical cost trends are primarily driven by increases in the utilization of services across all provider types and the unit cost increases of these services. We work to mitigate these trends through various medical management programs such as utilization management, condition management, program integrity, and specialty pharmacy management, as well as benefit design changes. Our business optimization initiatives largely represent the next step forward in our progression towards becoming a more agile organization, including process automation and a reduction in our office space footprint. The COVID-19 pandemic has created unique and unprecedented challenges, and although it has impacted and will likely continue to impact our membership and benefit expense, it did not have a material adverse effect on our reported results in 2020. However, this may change in the future as the COVID-19 pandemic is evolving, and the extent of its impact will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. We will continue to monitor the COVID-19 pandemic as well as resulting legislative and regulatory changes that may impact our business. Our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale, as well as providing us access to new and evolving technologies and products. We believe geographic and product diversity reduces our exposure to local or regional regulatory, economic, and competitive pressures and provides us with increased opportunities for growth. We intend to expand through a combination of organic growth, strategic acquisitions, and efficient use of capital in both existing and new markets.