Emerson's management believes that the company's internal accounting controls provide reasonable assurance that errors or irregularities that could be material to the financial statements are prevented or would be detected within a timely period. The company's management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on the framework and criteria established in internal control - integrated framework (2013). The company relies on a system of internal accounting controls designed to provide reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded and transactions are executed in accordance with management's authorization. The design of this system recognizes that errors or irregularities may occur and that estimates and judgments are required to assess the relative cost and expected benefits of the controls. The audit committee of the board of directors oversees the company's financial reporting process and meets with management and the company's internal auditors periodically to review the work of each and to monitor the discharge of responsibilities. The independent auditors express an opinion on the company's consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting, based on procedures believed to be sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that the financial statements contain no material errors and that the company's internal controls are effective. The company maintains a conservative financial structure to provide the strength and flexibility necessary to achieve strategic objectives and has been successful in efficiently deploying cash where needed worldwide to fund operations, complete acquisitions, and sustain long-term growth. The company also took actions to conservatively manage its cash through reductions in planned capital expenditures for fiscal 2020 and by suspending share repurchases. Emerson's financial structure provides the flexibility necessary to achieve its strategic objectives, and the company has been successful in efficiently deploying cash where needed worldwide to fund operations, complete acquisitions, and sustain long-term growth. The company generated substantial operating cash flow, including over $3.0 billion in each of the last two years. The company's long-term debt ratings remain unchanged, and it believes that sufficient funds will be available to meet its needs for the foreseeable future through operating cash flow, existing resources, short- and long-term debt capacity, or its revolving backup credit facility. The company is committed to its dividend plan and approved an increase to its dividend for the 65th consecutive year. In fiscal 2021, Emerson's outlook assumes a conservative forecast for the macroeconomic environment, with slow-but-steady improvement in demand over the course of the year. The company intends to resume share repurchases while maintaining optionality for further acquisitions should the opportunity arise. The guidance assumes no major operational or supply chain disruptions and oil prices in the $35 to $50 range during this period. The company also evaluated the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on its operations and took actions aligned with health organizations to protect its workforce while continuing to serve customers. The company increased its restructuring and cost reset actions, which are expected to yield improved operating margins as sales volumes recover. Overall, the company's management believes that the financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles appropriate in the circumstances, reflecting the expected effects of events and transactions that have not been completed.