In 2020, we experienced a significant increase in personnel in information technology, which includes the addition of employees from our acquisition of certain assets of Apex, as well as roles to support customer acquisition and implementation, particularly as it relates to our growth drivers and to support general corporate functions. Our administrative employee count has grown in recent years due to an increased focus on technology capabilities. Specifically, 66.7% of the increase in administrative employees in 2020 over 2019 related to our additions to our information technology teams. The changes in net cash used in investing activities in 2020 were primarily related to an increase of $125.0 for the purchase of certain assets of Apex Industrial Technologies LLC, which was partly offset by changes in our net capital expenditures. Property and equipment expenditures typically consist primarily of spending on software and hardware for our information processing systems. Our focus centers on understanding our customers' day, their opportunities, and their obstacles, which is facilitated by our suite of FMI devices and capabilities. We believe our ability to grow is amplified if we can serve our customers at the closest economic point of contact. Our in-market network forms the foundation of our business strategy, and we will continue to open or close locations as is deemed necessary to sustain and improve our network, support our growth drivers, and manage our operating expenses. The pandemic created an environment that shifted significant resources to focus on rapidly and efficiently securing, transporting, and providing PPE to new and existing customers, which required effective mobilization and deployment of IT-based resources. Our operations have continued to function effectively, including our internal controls over financial reporting, due to the utilization of technologies where work duties allow to enable work-from-home capabilities. The pandemic has also highlighted the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. We believe that the sequential gains in economic activity that we experienced in the latter part of the second quarter of 2020 continued through the third and fourth quarters of 2020, although the rate of improvement remains gradual. Our approach to addressing market dynamics is captured in our motto, growth through customer service, which emphasizes the importance of technology deployment and operational efficiency in enhancing our competitive advantage. The integration of technology into our business processes has allowed us to respond to changing business needs and directions effectively, thereby supporting our organizational goals and enhancing our overall performance.