During 2020, we continued to advance innovation initiatives designed to enhance productivity, expand margins and reduce the capital intensity of our business through the utilization of new technology applications in combination with a more interactive operating structure. We were successful in implementing and embedding many of these initiatives across our operations by utilizing data science, machine learning and integrated cross-functional agile teams to identify opportunities and drive improved overall performance. The ramp-up of underground production at the grasberg minerals district in Indonesia continues to advance on schedule. Our financial results vary as a result of fluctuations in market prices primarily for copper, gold and, to a lesser extent, molybdenum, as well as other factors. We believe that our cash generating capability and financial condition, together with our credit facility, will be adequate to meet our operating, investing and financing needs. We have significant mineral reserves, resources and future development opportunities within our portfolio of mining assets. We plan to prioritize long-term development opportunities while focusing on the continued execution of our strategic objectives of maintaining a strong balance sheet, increasing cash returns to shareholders and advancing opportunities for future growth. Our operating sites successfully executed our revised operating plans implemented in response to the global COVID-19 pandemic and resulting negative impact on the global economy. We are also pursuing other opportunities to enhance our mines' net present values, and we continue to advance studies for future development of our resources, the timing of which will depend on market conditions. We have a high-quality portfolio of long-lived copper assets positioned to generate long-term value. Our consolidated operating cash flows vary with sales volumes; prices realized from copper, gold and molybdenum sales; production costs; income taxes; other working capital changes; and other factors. We expect capital expenditures for the development of the new smelter in Indonesia to approximate $0.1 billion in 2021, of which approximately 49 percent will be attributable to our equity interest. PT-FI expects these amounts to be funded by a new bank loan. In connection with the extension of PT-FI's mining rights from 2031 to 2041, PT-FI committed to construct a new smelter in Indonesia by December 21, 2023. PT-FI continues to discuss with the Indonesia government a deferred schedule for the new smelter as well as other alternatives in light of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and volatile global economic conditions. We believe that we have a high-quality portfolio of long-lived copper assets positioned to generate long-term value. Our results in 2020 reflect strong cash flows and effective cost and capital expenditure management. We have significant mineral reserves, resources and future development opportunities within our portfolio of mining assets. Our estimated consolidated recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves totaled 113.2 billion pounds of copper, 28.9 million ounces of gold and 3.71 billion pounds of molybdenum. We have no significant scheduled debt maturities in 2021. Our consolidated revenues totaled $14.2 billion in 2020 and $14.4 billion in 2019. Our revenues primarily include the sale of copper concentrate, copper cathode, copper rod, gold in concentrate and molybdenum. The successful completion of the ramp-up is expected to enable PT-FI to generate average annual production for the next several years of 1.55 billion pounds of copper and 1.6 million ounces of gold at an attractive unit net cash cost, providing significant margins and cash flows.