During fiscal 2020, we continued to advance our cloud-enabled, platform-based strategy in our applications and decision management software segments, which has led to an increase in our cloud bookings. Our cloud bookings accounted for 41% of our total bookings in fiscal 2020, compared to 39% during fiscal 2019. We have invested, and intend to continue to invest, in product development to build out and deliver features, functionalities, and performance enhancements using a SaaS-based approach on our platform. Our continued product innovation provides growth opportunities with customers that can benefit from the power, flexibility, and modularity of these solutions. As a strategic cost initiative, we committed to a course of action designed to reduce operating costs in lower value, less strategic areas of our business in order to facilitate incremental investment in higher value, more strategic areas. This initiative is expected to result in an aggregate annual expense savings of approximately $36 million beginning in fiscal 2021. We also changed our practice of selling term software licenses with separate license and maintenance components to a single software subscription contract with license and maintenance bundled, which will shift the timing of our revenue recognition on these subscription sales. Our SaaS business continues to grow as we pursue our cloud-enabled, platform-based strategy, with revenue derived from our cloud-enabled SaaS business increasing 11% to $300.0 million during fiscal 2020. We derive a significant portion of revenues internationally, and a substantial share of our revenues comes from transactional or unit-based software license fees, transactional fees under credit scoring, data processing, data management, and SaaS subscription services arrangements. The fiscal 2020 increase in operating income was attributable to a $134.5 million increase in segment revenues and a decrease in amortization expense, partially offset by an increase in restructuring and impairment charges. Our operational flexibility and strong balance sheet allowed us to successfully manage through the initial impact of COVID-19 while protecting our cash flow and liquidity. We have not incurred significant financial disruptions thus far from the COVID-19 outbreak, but due to numerous uncertainties, we are unable to accurately predict the impact COVID-19 will have on our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, and cash flows. We believe our cash and cash equivalents balances, as well as available borrowings from our revolving line of credit and anticipated cash flows from operating activities, will be sufficient to fund our working and other capital requirements. Our focus remains on promoting employee health and safety, serving our customers, and ensuring business continuity. We are organized into three reportable segments: applications, scores, and decision management software, which reflect the primary method in which management organizes and evaluates internal financial information to make operating decisions and assess performance. Our revenue is primarily derived from term-based or perpetual licensing of software and scoring products and solutions, and associated maintenance; SaaS subscription services; scoring and credit monitoring services for consumers; and professional services. We evaluate the merits of acquiring technology or businesses, or establishing strategic relationships with or investing in these businesses, which may involve leveraging our IT capabilities to enhance our competitive positioning and operational efficiency.