We continue to assist financial institutions in migrating to outsourced integrated technology solutions to improve their profitability and address increasing and ongoing regulatory requirements. Our integrated solutions and outsourced services are well-positioned to address this outsourcing trend across the markets we serve. Over the last five years, we have moved approximately 73% of our server compute to our fis cloud located in our strategic data centers, with a goal to increase that percentage to 80% by the end of 2021. This allows us to further enhance security for our clients' data and increases the flexibility and speed with which we can provide solutions and services to our clients, eventually at lesser cost. We continue to invest in modernization, innovation, and integrated solutions and services to meet the demands of the markets we serve and compete with global banks, financial and other technology providers, and emerging technology innovators. Our internal efforts in research and development activities have related primarily to the modernization of our proprietary core systems in each of our segments, design and development of next-generation digital and innovative solutions, and development of processing systems and related software applications and risk management platforms. We have increased our investments in these areas in each of the last three years. Our innovation efforts have recently resulted in bringing to market our modern banking platform that is among the first cloud-native core banking solutions. We expect to continue our practice of investing an appropriate level of resources to maintain, enhance, and extend the functionality of our proprietary systems and existing software applications, to develop new and innovative software applications and systems to address emerging technology trends in response to the needs of our clients and to enhance the capabilities of our outsourcing infrastructure. The payment processing industry is adopting new technologies, developing new solutions and services, evolving new business models, and being affected by new market entrants and by an evolving regulatory environment. As merchants and financial institutions respond to these changes by seeking services to help them enhance their own offerings to consumers, including the ability to accept card-not-present payments in ecommerce and mobile environments, we believe that payment processors will need to enhance their technology platforms to deliver these capabilities and differentiate their offerings from other providers. We believe that these market changes present both an opportunity and a risk for us, and we cannot predict which emerging technologies or solutions will be successful. However, we believe that payment processors, like us, that have scalable, integrated business models, provide solutions across the payment processing value chain, and utilize broad distribution capabilities will be best positioned to enable emerging alternative electronic payment technologies. Our ability to partner with non-financial institution enterprises, such as mobile payment providers and internet, retail, and social media companies, could create attractive growth opportunities as these new entrants seek to become more active participants in the development of alternative electronic payment technologies and facilitate the convergence of retail, online, mobile, and social commerce applications. We remain focused on making strategic investments in information security to protect our clients and our information systems. These investments include both capital expenditures and operating expenses related to hardware, software, personnel, and consulting services, as well as participation in industry and governmental initiatives to improve information security for our clients. Through the expertise we have gained with this ongoing focus and involvement, we have developed fraud, security, risk management, and compliance solutions to target this growth opportunity in the financial services industry.