Fortinet is a global leader in cybersecurity solutions provided to a wide variety of organizations, including enterprises, communication service providers, government organizations, and small businesses. Our cybersecurity solutions are designed to provide broad visibility and segmentation of the digital attack surface through our integrated Fortinet Security Fabric platform, which features automated protection, detection, and response. The focus areas of our business consist of security-driven networking, infrastructure security, dynamic cloud security, endpoint protection, Internet of Things (IoT) and operational technology (OT) security, and AI-driven security operations. We enhance the performance of our network security appliances from branch to data center by designing and implementing security processing units (SPUs) technology within our appliances, enabling us to add security and network functionality with minimal impact to network throughput performance. Our Fortinet Security Fabric platform extends beyond the network to cover other attack vectors, helping customers connect securely to and across their individual, hybrid, and multi-cloud environments. We offer security through our virtual firewall and other software products and through integrated capabilities with major cloud platforms. Our public and private cloud security solutions extend the core capabilities of the Fortinet Security Fabric platform in and across cloud environments, delivering security that follows their applications and data. We also offer managed IPS and web application firewall (WAF) rules delivered by FortiGuard Labs as an overlay service to native security offerings. Our research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel costs and are focused on both software development and the ongoing development of our hardware platform. We expect research and development expense to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in our research and development organization. Our sales and marketing expenses are critical to support our future growth, and we intend to make investments in sales and marketing resources. The majority of our revenue is generated from sales of our hardware and software products and amortization of amounts included in deferred revenue related to previous sales of FortiGuard security subscription and FortiCare technical support services. Our total deferred revenue balance grew significantly during 2020, reflecting the continued growth of our business and our ability to manage our working capital effectively. We have observed that our average service contract duration increased, and we have offered payment terms in excess of our contractual agreements to certain distributor customers, which has resulted in an increase in the average collection period of our trade receivables. We have also taken steps to maintain critical internet infrastructure with many employees working remotely during the COVID-19 pandemic, including providing free online information technology security training for the public. Our cybersecurity solutions are designed to deliver intelligence and insights, which are critical for organizations to enhance their operational efficiency and respond to evolving market dynamics. The integration of our technology capabilities across various platforms enables us to leverage our IT resources effectively, thereby enhancing our competitive positioning and supporting our strategic resource allocation decisions.