The technologies segment's revenue decreased due to the partial closure of some customer sites to all but mission-critical personnel and a lower level of customer and program activity as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. IT services revenue was also lower due to the exit of non-core lines of business in 2019. The technologies segment's operating margin decreased 20 basis points compared with 2019 due to covid-related disruptions in our IT services business, including customer reimbursement of idle workforce cost at zero fee and a loss recognized on a contract with a non-U.S. customer from schedule delays caused by covid travel restrictions. The technologies segment's operating performance steadily improved in the second half of 2020 with a reduced impact from the pandemic. The reorganization of our information technology and mission systems operating segments into a single technologies segment reflects our evolving strategic focus on the combined capabilities of the businesses to meet customer demand for large-scale, end-to-end highly engineered solutions. Our businesses have been designated as critical infrastructure by the U.S. government and many non-U.S. governments, and as such, are required to stay open. We have continued to conduct our operations to the fullest extent possible while responding to the pandemic with actions that include coordinating closely with our suppliers and customers and managing our cost structure in the context of current business activity. We believe that our cash flows from operations and borrowing capacity are sufficient to support our short- and long-term liquidity needs. Our markets, with approximately 70% of our revenue from the U.S. government, indicate that government spending levels—particularly defense spending—influence our financial performance. The long-term outlook for our U.S. defense business is influenced by the U.S. military's funding priorities, our insight into customer requirements stemming from our incumbency on core programs, and our ability to evolve our products to address a fast-changing threat environment. The technologies segment's backlog consists of thousands of contracts and task orders across a mix of U.S. and non-U.S. government and commercial customers. Our estimated potential contract value remained stable in 2020 despite the impact of reduced new business opportunities caused by covid-19. We received significant contract awards in the technologies segment during 2020, including the defense enterprise office solutions contract from the General Services Administration in partnership with the DoD and Defense Information Systems Agency to stand up cloud environments and support the migration of over 3.2 million existing DoD Office 365 users to the cloud. The technologies segment's operating margin increased 120 basis points in the fourth quarter compared with the third quarter, returning to the same level of performance as the fourth quarter of 2019. Our IT capability has become a key in transforming a firm into a competitive force, representing the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The covid-19 pandemic has caused significant disruptions to national and global economies and government activities, impacting our businesses and necessitating the mobilization and deployment of IT-based resources in combination with other resources and capabilities.