The automotive industry and GM are currently experiencing a global semiconductor supply shortage, which has impacted multiple suppliers that incorporate semiconductors into the parts they supply. We expect this shortage will have a short-term impact on our business. We will continue prioritizing full-size trucks, SUVs, and electric vehicles. Our vision for the future is a world with zero crashes, zero emissions, and zero congestion, which guides our growth-focused investment in electrification, self-driving vehicles, and new products and services. Our strategy includes product leadership in electric vehicles and autonomous vehicles, continued leadership in trucks and SUVs, and developing and monetizing new software and services. We achieved $4.5 billion in cost savings primarily from reductions in automotive and other costs of sales and selling, general, and administrative expenses. Our board of directors uses certain non-GAAP measures as key metrics to determine management performance under our performance-based compensation plans. We continue to monitor and evaluate opportunities to strengthen our competitive position over the long term while maintaining a strong investment-grade balance sheet. These actions may include opportunistic payments to reduce our long-term obligations, as well as the possibility of acquisitions, dispositions, investments with joint venture partners, and strategic alliances that we believe would generate significant advantages and substantially strengthen our business. We believe that offering a comprehensive suite of financing products will generate incremental sales of our vehicles, drive incremental GM Financial earnings, and help support our sales throughout various economic cycles. The automotive industry is characterized by excess manufacturing capacity and the use of incentives, and the introduction of new and improved vehicle models by our competitors. We are actively testing our autonomous vehicles in the U.S. gated by safety and regulation, and we continue to make significant progress toward commercialization of a network of on-demand autonomous vehicles. We have substantial cash requirements going forward, which we plan to fund through our total available liquidity, cash flows from operating activities, and additional liquidity measures, if determined to be necessary. We continue to assess our performance and the needs of our evolving business, and additional restructuring and rationalization actions could be required. These actions could give rise to future asset impairments or other charges, which may have a material impact on our operating results. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and government actions continue to affect our operations, and the extent of its impact on our future operations will depend on various factors, including the duration and severity of the outbreak, government responses, and the pace of recovery of economic activity. We have used and will continue to use other methods, including intercompany loans, to utilize funds across our global operations as needed. We have a support agreement with GM Financial, which establishes commitments of funding from us to GM Financial. We also face continuing market, operating, and regulatory challenges in several countries due to weak economic conditions, competitive pressures, and evolving trade policy. Our ability to manage risks related to security breaches and other disruptions to our information technology systems and networked products is critical.