Grainger is focused on continuously improving customer experience, optimizing and scaling cost structures, and investing in digital marketing, technology, and supply chain infrastructure to ultimately deliver long-term returns for shareholders. The company plans to maintain its focus on liquidity as pandemic-related uncertainties continue into 2021, and it generated operating cash of $1.1 billion in 2020, using the cash generated to invest in the business and return excess capital to shareholders. Grainger's strategic priority for 2021 is to expand its leadership position in the MRO space by being the go-to partner for people who build and run safe and productive operations, with each business having strategic objectives focused on top-line growth through market share gain. The high-touch businesses are focused on growing through differentiated sales and services, advantaged MRO solutions, and unparalleled customer service. Additionally, the endless assortment businesses are focused on product assortment expansion and innovative customer acquisition. The company has prioritized maintaining all facilities safe for customers and employees to work and interact, and its major operational facilities and infrastructure remained operational during 2020 with limited disruptions. Grainger has invested in the development of inventory management and software solutions, and projected spending for 2021 is expected to be approximately $250 million, which includes continued investments in its supply chain, software development, and inventory management solutions. The company expects to fund 2021 capital spending primarily from operating cash flows. Grainger's working capital consists of current assets and current liabilities, and its working capital was $2,220 million at December 31, 2020, compared with $2,092 million at December 31, 2019, primarily due to an increase in operating cash, accounts receivable, and inventory. The company experienced strong pandemic-related sales volume primarily in the U.S. to large government and healthcare customers, while sales to non-essential and disrupted industries were down compared to 2019. The gross profit margin decreased primarily due to lower margins from COVID-19 pandemic-related products sales and business unit mix impact from higher growth in the lower margin endless assortment businesses. The company believes that its current level of cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, and availability under its revolving credit facilities will be sufficient to meet its liquidity needs, and it maintains access to capital markets which may provide an additional source of liquidity. Grainger's strategic management practices include leveraging technology capabilities and investing in digital infrastructure to enhance operational efficiency and support business transformation. The company has recorded a write-down of goodwill and intangibles from the Fabory business, which was a significant contributor to the decline in reported operating earnings. Grainger's strategic resource allocation focuses on enhancing its IT capabilities to effectively support business needs, thereby transforming the firm into a competitive force in the market. The company’s IT governance and management skills are critical in mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities to further organizational goals.