Our focus has been on two key priorities: the safety and well-being of our associates and customers, and providing our customers and communities with the products and services that they need. We believe that the investments we have made in recent years in our stores, interconnected and digital assets, associates, supply chain, and merchandising organization have allowed us to quickly adapt to shifts in customer needs and behaviors and the fluid circumstances created by the pandemic. The increase in online sales in fiscal 2020 was driven in large part by the impact of covid-19, with customers continuing to leverage our digital platforms for their shopping needs. The execution of our strategic efforts to drive an enhanced interconnected experience in both the physical and digital worlds reflects our commitment to business process focus and operational efficiency. We have been able to mitigate some of the impact of customer demand due to the benefits from our strategic investments and by working cross-functionally and partnering with our suppliers to make real-time adjustments to our product assortments. Our strategic investments in interconnected and digital assets have positioned us to enhance our operational flexibility and responsiveness to market dynamics. We also shifted store support operations to remote or virtual, demonstrating our capability to adapt our IT architecture and operational processes in response to external influences. The enhanced pay and benefits implemented in fiscal 2020 resulted in additional expense, reflecting our commitment to supporting our associates during challenging times. Our ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, and confidentiality has been critical in navigating the complexities of the current environment. The acquisition of HD Supply is expected to accelerate sales growth by better serving both existing and new customers, showcasing our strategic resource allocation and capability leverage in enhancing our market-based performance. We continue to actively monitor our business and operations and may take further actions as may be required by federal, state, or local authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our associates, customers, suppliers, vendors, and shareholders. The increase in comparable sales reflected a number of factors, including increased consumer demand across our core categories and the execution of our strategic efforts to drive an enhanced interconnected experience in both the physical and digital worlds. Our investments in technology resources and digital transformation have allowed us to respond effectively to changing business needs and directions, reinforcing our competitive advantage in the market. The strategic management practices we have adopted, including the evaluation of our long-lived assets and the assessment of uncertain tax positions, are integral to our operational effectiveness and organizational capabilities. We believe our existing liquidity will be sufficient to continue to run our business effectively, supported by our strategic resource allocation and investment choices that align with our long-term business strategies.