Management has continued its focus on liquidity and cash flows as well as improving its operating performance through cost reductions, streamlined organizational structures, margin enhancement, and profitable revenue generation. This focus and the related results enabled Howmet to end 2020 with a solid financial position. The company rapidly executed on the separation plan that was announced during February 2019 with completion of the separation on April 1, 2020. The company separated into two independent, publicly-traded companies, Howmet Aerospace Inc. and Arconic Corporation. Howmet Aerospace is comprised of the engineered products and forgings businesses and is listed under the stock ticker of "HWM." The company produces aerospace engine parts and components and aerospace fastening systems for Boeing 737 MAX airplanes. The decline in production had a negative impact on sales and segment operating profit in the engine products, fastening systems, and engineered structures segments for the full year ended December 31, 2020. The company has maintained a disciplined approach to cash management and strengthening its balance sheet. Management continued to focus on actions to improve Howmet's cost structure and liquidity, providing the company with the ability to operate effectively. Such actions included procurement efficiencies and overhead rationalization to reduce costs, working capital initiatives, and maintaining a sustainable level of capital expenditures. The company anticipates that the effective tax rate in 2021 will be between 26.5% and 28.5%. However, changes in the current economic environment, tax legislation or rate changes, currency fluctuations, ability to realize deferred tax assets, movements in stock price impacting tax benefits or deficiencies on stock-based payment awards, and the results of operations in certain taxing jurisdictions may cause this estimated rate to fluctuate. The company has historically paid quarterly dividends on its preferred and common stock. The use of cash in 2020 was primarily related to repayments on borrowings under certain revolving credit facilities and repayments on debt. The company maintains a five-year revolving credit agreement with a syndicate of lenders and issuers named therein. On June 26, 2020, the company entered into an amendment to its credit agreement to modify certain terms which provided relief from its existing financial covenant through December 31, 2021. The company has outstanding letters of credit primarily related to workers' compensation, environmental obligations, and leasing obligations. The total amount committed under these letters of credit was $105 at December 31, 2020. The company has determined that it is not practicable to present pension funding and other postretirement benefit payments beyond 2024 and 2029, respectively. The company recognizes compensation expense for employee equity grants using the non-substantive vesting period approach, in which the expense is recognized ratably over the requisite service period based on the grant date fair value. The fair value of new stock options is estimated on the date of grant using a lattice-pricing model. The fair value of performance awards containing a market condition is valued using a Monte Carlo valuation model. Management uses historical experience and all available information to make judgments, estimates, and assumptions, and actual results may differ from those used to prepare the company's consolidated financial statements at any given time. The company has determined that the impact of COVID-19 is rapidly changing and of unknown duration and macroeconomic impact, and as a result, these considerations remain highly uncertain. The company anticipates that demand in the commercial aerospace end market is expected to be down driven by the impact of COVID-19.