We are a provider of marketplace infrastructure, data services and technology solutions to a broad range of customers including financial institutions, corporations and government entities. Our products provide customers with access to mission critical workflow tools that are designed to increase asset class transparency and workflow efficiency. The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic has created economic and financial disruptions globally, leading to increased demand for our services. Our mortgage technology segment includes our comprehensive, end-to-end U.S. residential mortgage platform, which enables greater workflow efficiency for customers focused on originating U.S. residential mortgage loans. Our origination technology acts as a system of record for the mortgage transaction, automating the gathering, reviewing, and verifying of mortgage-related information and enabling automated enforcement of rules and business practices designed to help ensure that each completed loan transaction is of high quality and adheres to secondary market standards. Revenues from our mortgage technology segment increased significantly due to our acquisition of Ellie Mae, a cloud-based technology solution provider for the mortgage finance industry, which provides technology solutions to participants in the mortgage supply chain. Our mortgage technology revenues increased 324% in 2020 from 2019, driven by the integration of Ellie Mae's digital lending platform, which enhances the efficiency of the mortgage origination process. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow each of our revenue streams and prudently manage expenses in order to mitigate uncertainties and build on growth opportunities by leveraging our proprietary data, clearing, markets and technology solutions. The business environment has been characterized by growing customer demand for workflow efficiency and automation, increasing demand for data to inform customers' risk management and investment decisions, and rising demand for speed, data, data capacity and connectivity by market participants, necessitating increased investment in technology. Our segments include exchanges, fixed income and data services, and mortgage technology, with a focus on leveraging technology capabilities to enhance operational efficiency and support business needs. We have diversified our business to reduce dependency on volatility or transaction activity in any one asset class, increasing our portion of non-transaction and clearing revenues. The evolution of existing products and new product innovation to serve emerging customer needs and changing industry agreements is critical to our competitive positioning. Our mortgage technology segment, which includes origination technology, network and closing solutions, and data and analytics, is designed to address inefficiencies in the U.S. residential mortgage market. We anticipate continued growth in the financial information services sector driven by global trends, including increased automation of fixed income and other less automated markets, the development of new data products, and the demand for greater data capacity and connectivity. We continue to monitor local government mandates in determining our office re-openings and work-related travel, ensuring compliance with necessary directives while maintaining operational continuity. The integration of technology into our services is vital for enhancing customer relationships and driving business innovation.