We are at the forefront of developing new technologies and products as building blocks for an increasingly smart and connected world. These technologies and products are used as integrated solutions for a broad spectrum of markets. Our end-to-end product portfolio offers innovative solutions that scale from edge computing to the network, the cloud, and the emerging fields of AI and autonomous driving. Our platform products can be a CPU and chipset, an SoC, or a multichip package, based on Intel® architecture that processes data and controls other devices in a system. Our customers' success is our obsession. We are committed to delivering a portfolio of the best quality products, performance, and experiences to enable our customers to solve the world's most challenging problems. We are uniquely positioned to enable the world to unleash the potential of data, unlocking value for people, business, and society on a global scale. We are driving game-changing platforms that enable our customers to move, store, and process the world's data. Our broadened portfolio enables new opportunities for us and creates value for our customers. For example, our product offerings for AI workloads reach from the cloud to the edge, and we are developing CPU, GPU, FPGA, and AI accelerator products to span inference and training AI workloads, while also pursuing ongoing software optimizations for AI. We are transforming manufacturing today and expanding on what is possible for tomorrow's autonomous operations. We are driving the realization of industry 4.0 and, together with our partners, addressing industry challenges like the convergence of information technology and operational technology and bringing AI and analytics to operations. Our internet of things portfolio is comprised of our IoTG and Mobileye businesses. We are using our architecture, accelerators, and software to develop and scale a growing internet of things portfolio and ecosystem. The acceleration of data creation across industries requires high-performance compute at the edge built with AI and edge-native functionality. The value unlocked through distributed intelligence is helping companies accelerate their digital transformation to meet customer needs. Our strategy is to continue to serve this market to unlock business opportunities for our partners and customers. We are also focused on executing a predictable cadence of leadership products to deliver the experiences people need in this new era of distributed intelligence. The accelerated shift to cloud makes our investments in differentiated performance and features for cloud applications even more critical. Our 2020 gross margin was impacted by higher platform unit cost associated with ramping our 10nm products. We expect 10nm costs to improve as the node matures. We have significant opportunities in cloud, networking, AI, and data analytics. As we broadened our product offerings and continued to innovate, the data center market total addressable market is expected to grow to approximately $119 billion by 2025. Our internet of things group develops high-performance compute platforms that solve for technology and business use cases that can scale across vertical industries and embedded markets. Our customers include retailers, manufacturers, health and life sciences, governments, and education providers. We reduce complexity in the ecosystem with a common architecture and software to help enable our customers to create, store, and process data at the edge to analyze it faster and to act on it sooner.