Our technology is designed to provide surgeons with a range of articulation of the surgical instruments used in the surgical field analogous to the motions of a human wrist, while filtering out the tremor inherent in a surgeon's hand. We take a holistic approach, offering intelligent technology and systems designed to work together to make minimally invasive surgery intervention more available and applicable. The vast majority of da Vinci surgical systems installed are connected via the internet. System logs can also be accessed by field engineers for systems that are not connected to the internet. We utilize this information as well as other information from agreements and discussions with our customers that involve estimates and judgments, which are, by their nature, subject to substantial uncertainties and assumptions. We believe that both IT and investors benefit from referring to the installed base, number of shipments, and utilization of da Vinci surgical systems in assessing our performance and when planning, forecasting, and analyzing future periods. The installed base, number of shipments, and utilization of da Vinci surgical systems also facilitate management's internal comparisons of our historical performance. We believe that the installed base, number of shipments, and utilization of da Vinci surgical systems are useful to investors as metrics, because they allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in its financial and operational decision-making. We have commercialized the following da Vinci surgical systems: the da Vinci standard surgical system in 1999, the da Vinci S surgical system in 2006, the da Vinci Si surgical system in 2009, and the fourth generation da Vinci Xi surgical system in 2014. We have extended our fourth generation platform by adding the da Vinci X surgical system, commercialized in the second quarter of 2017, and the da Vinci SP surgical system, commercialized in the third quarter of 2018. We are early in the launch of our da Vinci SP surgical system, and we have an installed base of 69 da Vinci SP surgical systems as of December 31, 2020. Our plans for the rollout of the da Vinci SP surgical system include putting systems in the hands of experienced da Vinci users first while we optimize training pathways and our supply chain. We received FDA clearances for the da Vinci SP surgical system for urological and certain transoral procedures. We also received clearance in South Korea where the da Vinci SP surgical system may be used for a broad set of procedures. The success of the da Vinci SP surgical system is dependent on positive experiences and improved clinical outcomes for the procedures for which it has been cleared as well as securing additional clinical clearances. We believe that growth in da Vinci hernia repair reflects improved clinical outcomes within certain patient populations, as well as potential cost benefits relative to certain alternative treatments. We believe hernia repair procedures represent a significant opportunity with the potential to drive growth in future periods. However, given the differences in surgical complexity associated with treatment of various hernia patient populations and varying surgeon opinion regarding optimal surgical technique, it is difficult to estimate the timing of and to what extent da Vinci hernia repair procedure volume will grow in the future. We expect a large portion of hernia repairs will continue to be performed via different modalities of surgery. The trends that were noted in the third quarter of 2020 in relation to types of procedures, such as da Vinci prostatectomy and bariatric procedures, continued into the fourth quarter of 2020. The installed base of da Vinci surgical systems grew 7% to approximately 5,989 at December 31, 2020. We believe that the installed base, number of shipments, and utilization of da Vinci surgical systems provide meaningful supplemental information regarding our performance, as management believes that the installed base, number of shipments, and utilization of da Vinci surgical systems are an indicator of the rate of adoption of robotic-assisted surgery as well as an indicator of future recurring revenue.