We are a global leader in process control and a supplier of process-enabling solutions and services for the data era. Our broad portfolio of inspection and metrology products, and related service, software and other offerings primarily supports integrated circuit manufacturers throughout the entire semiconductor fabrication process, from research and development to final volume production. Our products and services are used by our customers to measure, detect, analyze and resolve critical product defects that arise in that environment in order to control nanometric level manufacturing processes. Our revenues are driven largely by our customers' spending on capital equipment and related maintenance services necessary to support key transitions in their underlying product technologies, or to increase their production volumes in response to market demand or expansion plans. The semiconductor and electronics industries have also been characterized by constant technological innovation. We believe that, over the long term, our customers will continue to invest in advanced technologies and new materials to enable smaller design rules and higher density applications that fuel demand for process control equipment. The demand for our products and our revenue levels are driven by our customers' needs to solve the process challenges that they face as they adopt new technologies required to fabricate advanced integrated circuits that are incorporated into sophisticated devices. Our customers continuously seek to increase yields and enhance the efficiency of their manufacturing processes, including by improving their manufacturing, inspection, testing and repair capabilities. Our solutions provide a comprehensive portfolio of inspection, metrology and data analytics products, which are accompanied by a flexible portfolio of services to enable our customers to maintain the performance and productivity of the solutions purchased. We remain committed to product development in new and emerging technologies. Our future operating results will depend significantly on our ability to produce products and provide services that have a competitive advantage in our marketplace. We believe that we must continue to make substantial and focused investments in our research and development. The increase in service revenues is primarily attributable to service revenues from our newly acquired Orbotech business and an increase in the number of customers requesting installations. The primary factors impacting the performance of our segment gross margins are summarized as follows: semiconductor process control segment gross margin remained relatively consistent from prior years. The segment gross margins of specialty semiconductor process, PCB, display and component inspection and other segments primarily relate to the Orbotech business, which was acquired in February 2019. Our business is affected by the concentration of our customer base and our customers' capital equipment procurement schedules as a result of their investment plans. Our product revenues in any particular period are significantly impacted by the amount of new orders that we receive during that period and, depending upon the duration of manufacturing and installation cycles, in the preceding period. The increase in product revenues is primarily attributable to product revenue from our newly acquired Orbotech business and increased investments from our foundry and logic customers. The demand for more advanced and lower cost chips used in a growing number of consumer electronics, communications, data processing, and industrial and automotive products has resulted over the long term in a favorable demand environment for our process control and yield management solutions. Our ability to leverage existing infrastructure to generate higher revenues reflects changes in gross margin percentage, which are driven by the revenue volume of products and services. We have developed strategies to address our responsiveness and ability to send engineers into customer facilities to provide support services. We continue to monitor the supply chain and work with our suppliers to identify and mitigate potential gaps to ensure continuity of supply.