In operating our business, we seek to leverage our cost and financial discipline to fund growth and improve margins, and allocate capital in value-creating ways. Our growth strategy is built on two pillars: elevate our core business through delivering value-added innovations and driving category opportunities, and accelerating growth in developing and emerging markets, emphasizing personal care and K-C Professional with Latin America, China, Eastern Europe, and ASEAN as our priority markets. Both strategies are enabled by our focus on accelerating and investing in our commercial capabilities through digital marketing, revenue growth management, consumer-inspired innovation, and strong in-market execution. We continue to focus on generating cash flow and allocating capital to shareholders, with cash provided by operations increasing to $3.7 billion in 2020. Our strong legacy of financial discipline supports our growth strategy by driving ongoing supply chain productivity through our force program, which is focused on reducing costs everywhere. The 2018 global restructuring program is expected to yield annual pre-tax savings of $540 to $560 million by the end of 2021, with cumulative savings of $420 million achieved to date. We expect to incur incremental capital spending of approximately $600 to $700 million to implement this program. We believe that our ability to generate cash from operations and our capacity to issue short-term and long-term debt are adequate to fund working capital, payments for our 2018 global restructuring program, capital spending, pension contributions, dividends, and other needs for the foreseeable future. We are subject to risks and uncertainties that can affect our business operations and financial results, including fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, the prices and availability of our raw materials, and potential competitive pressures on selling prices for our products. Our capital allocation strategy is consistent with our historical approach of disciplined capital spending, payment of a top-tier dividend, evaluation of acquisition opportunities, and allocation of excess cash flow to share repurchases. We are currently evaluating the potential effect of the eventual replacement of LIBOR, but we do not expect the effect to be material. We have experienced increased volatility in demand for some of our products as consumers adapt to the evolving environment, particularly in response to COVID-19. Demand for our consumer tissue products was elevated throughout 2020 as more people spent more time at home. Our K-C Professional business experienced volume declines reflecting the reduction in away-from-home demand. We continue to actively address the COVID-19 situation and its impact globally, believing that we will emerge from these events well-positioned for long-term growth. Our results benefited from organic sales growth, cost savings, and lower input costs, partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency effects and increased general and administrative costs. We expect capital spending to be approximately $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion in 2021, including spending associated with the 2018 global restructuring program and other growth initiatives. We maintain a $2.0 billion revolving credit facility and a $750 million revolving credit facility to support our commercial paper program and provide liquidity in the event our access to the commercial paper markets is unavailable.