As an energy infrastructure owner and operator in multiple facets of the various U.S. energy industries and markets, we examine a number of variables and factors on a routine basis to evaluate our current performance and our prospects for the future. We generally attempt to mitigate risk of reduced volumes and prices by negotiating contracts with longer terms, with higher per-unit pricing and for a greater percentage of our available capacity. Our service contracts may rely solely on a single type of arrangement, but more often they combine elements of two or more of the above, which helps us and our counterparties manage the extent to which each shares in the potential risks and benefits of changing commodity prices. The profitability of our refined petroleum products pipeline transportation business generally is driven by the volume of refined petroleum products that we transport and the prices we receive for our services. Demand for refined petroleum products tends to track in large measure demographic and economic growth, and, with the exception of periods of time with very high product prices or recessionary conditions, demand tends to be relatively stable. We seek to own refined petroleum products pipelines and terminals located in, or that transport to, stable or growing markets and population centers. The prices for shipping are generally based on regulated tariffs that are adjusted annually based on changes in the U.S. producer price index and a FERC index rate. Our crude, condensate and refined petroleum products transportation services are primarily provided pursuant to either FERC or state tariffs and long-term contracts that normally contain minimum volume commitments. Our revenues and earnings from our pipelines and terminals are affected by the volumes of crude oil, refined petroleum products and condensate available to our pipeline systems, which are impacted by the level of oil and gas drilling activity and product demand in the respective regions that we serve. The factors impacting our terminals business segment generally differ between liquid and bulk terminals, and in the case of a bulk terminal, the type of product being handled or stored. As with our refined petroleum products pipelines transportation business, the revenues from our bulk terminals business are generally driven by the volumes we handle and/or store, as well as the prices we receive for our services, which in turn are driven by the demand for the products being shipped or stored. We generally attempt to mitigate the risk of reduced volumes and pricing by negotiating contracts with longer terms, with higher per-unit pricing and for a greater percentage of our available capacity. The success in our oil and gas producing activities can be impacted by the demand for CO2. We monitor the amount of capital we expend in relation to the amount of production that we expect to add. Our revenues from our crude oil and NGL sales are affected by the prices we realize from the sale of these products. The revenues we receive from our crude oil and NGL sales are affected by the prices we realize from the sale of these products. The COVID-19 pandemic-related reduction in energy demand and the dramatic decline in commodity prices that began to impact us in the first quarter of 2020 continued to cause disruptions and volatility. The events as described above resulted in decreases of current and estimated long-term crude oil and NGL sale prices and volumes we expect to realize and in significant reductions to the market capitalization of many midstream and oil and gas producing companies. We have placed a priority on protecting our employees during this pandemic while continuing to provide essential services to our customers. We continue to operate our assets safely and efficiently during this challenging period. We expect to invest $0.8 billion in expansion projects and contributions to joint ventures during 2021. The expectations for 2021 discussed above involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions, and are not guarantees of performance.