We expect to incur significant expenses associated with the data security incident in future periods, primarily related to legal proceedings and regulatory investigations (including possible additional fines and penalties), increased expenses and capital investments for information technology and information security and data privacy, and increased expenses for compliance activities and to meet increased legal and regulatory requirements. Our insurance program includes coverage designed to limit our exposure to losses such as those related to the data security incident; however, that insurance may not be sufficient or available to cover all of our expenses or other losses (including fines and penalties) related to the data security incident. We have taken substantial measures to mitigate the negative financial and operational impacts for our hotel owners and our own business. Business contingency plans have been implemented around the world, and we continue to adjust these in response to the global situation. We reduced spending on capital expenditures and other investments, and as previously announced, we suspended share repurchases and cash dividends. We have significantly lowered the reimbursed expenses we incur on behalf of our owners and franchisees to provide centralized programs and services such as the loyalty program, reservations, marketing and sales, which we generally collect through cost reimbursement revenue on the basis of hotel revenue or program usage. We continue to evaluate the availability of credits and benefits under the CARES Act and other legislation. The overall operational and financial impact is highly dependent on the breadth and duration of COVID-19, including the availability and distribution of effective vaccines or treatments, and could be affected by other factors we are not currently able to predict. We expect spending on capital expenditures and other investments will total approximately $575 million to $650 million for 2021, including contract acquisition costs, equity and other investments, loan advances, and various capital expenditures (including approximately $220 million for maintenance capital spending and our new headquarters). We monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the potential impact of changes in capital market conditions on our business operations. We have made, and expect to continue making, selective and opportunistic investments to add units to our lodging business, which may include property acquisitions and renovations, new construction, loans, guarantees, and noncontrolling equity investments. Our ability to raise the debt and equity capital necessary to acquire such properties depends in part on the perceived risks in the lodging industry and other constraints inherent in the capital markets. We are currently unable to estimate the range of total possible financial impact to the company from the data security incident in excess of the expenses already incurred. However, we do not believe this incident will impact our long-term financial health. The cost of insurance related to data security incidents has increased, and we expect it could continue to increase for future policy periods. We continue to work with owners and franchisees to lower their cash outlays, including deferring renovations and certain hotel initiatives. We have implemented a voluntary transition program for certain associates, and we eliminated a significant number of positions. Our actions to date have substantially reduced the monthly run rate of corporate general and administrative costs compared to the monthly costs initially budgeted for 2020, excluding our provision for credit losses. We expect to incur significant expenses associated with the data security incident in future periods, primarily related to legal proceedings and regulatory investigations, increased expenses and capital investments for information technology and information security, and compliance activities.