We aim to be the global leader in snacking. Our strategy is to drive long-term growth by focusing on three strategic priorities: accelerating consumer-centric growth, driving operational excellence and creating a winning growth culture. We believe the successful implementation of our strategic priorities and leveraging of our strong foundation of iconic global and local brands, an attractive global footprint, our market leadership in developed and emerging markets, our deep innovation, marketing and distribution capabilities, and our efficiency and sustainability efforts, will drive top- and bottom-line growth, enabling us to continue to create long-term value for our shareholders. We have been actively monitoring the outbreak of COVID-19 and its impact globally. Our highest priorities continue to be the safety of our employees and working with our employees and network of suppliers and customers to help maintain the global food supply chain. During 2020, we experienced a significant increase in demand and revenue growth in certain markets as consumers increased their food purchases for in-home consumption. We have been able to continue to source raw ingredients, packaging, energy and transportation and deliver our products to our customers. We have not experienced material disruptions in our workforce; however, mandatory and voluntary stay-at-home restrictions have resulted in increased levels of absenteeism. We anticipate continued commodity cost volatility as the pandemic continues. We discuss these and other impacts of COVID-19 below. We continue to monitor consumer spending and our market share within the food and beverage categories in which we sell our products. We seek to drive category growth by leveraging our local and consumer-focused commercial approach, making investments in our brand and snacks portfolio, building strong routes to market in both emerging and developed markets and improving our availability across multiple channels. Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations, including in emerging markets. Some emerging markets have greater political, economic and currency volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions. To help mitigate adverse effects of ongoing volatility across markets, we aim to protect profitability through the management of costs and pricing as well as targeted investments in our brands and new routes to market. We operate in highly competitive markets that include global, regional and local competitors. Our advantaged geographic footprint, operating scale and portfolio of brands have all significantly contributed to building our market-leading positions across most of the product categories in which we sell. We also continue to optimize our manufacturing and other operations and invest in our brands through ongoing research and development, advertising, marketing and consumer promotions. We continue to devote focused resources to network security, backup and disaster recovery, enhanced training and other security measures to protect our systems and data. We also focus on enhancing the monitoring and detection of threats in our environment, including but not limited to the manufacturing environment and operational technologies, as well as adjusting information security controls based on updated threats. While we have taken a number of security measures to protect our systems and data, security measures cannot provide absolute certainty or guarantee that we will be successful in preventing or responding to every breach or disruption on a timely basis. We will continue to monitor the quality of our assets and our overall financial position over coming quarters. We continue to maintain oversight over our core process controls through our centralized shared service model, and our key controls are operating as designed.