In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have focused on helping people stay connected, assisting the public health response, and working on the economic recovery. We have also continued to invest based on the following company priorities: continue making progress on the major social issues facing the internet and our company, including privacy, safety, and security; build new experiences that meaningfully improve people's lives today and set the stage for even bigger improvements in the future; keep building our business by supporting the millions of businesses that rely on our services to grow and create jobs; and communicate more transparently about what we're doing and the role our services play in the world. Our business has been impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, which has resulted in authorities implementing numerous preventative measures to contain or mitigate the outbreak of the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, limitations on business activity, quarantines, and shelter-in-place orders. These measures have caused business slowdowns or shutdowns in affected areas, both regionally and worldwide, which have significantly impacted our business and results of operations. We expect that future advertising revenue growth will continue to be adversely affected by limitations on our ad targeting and measurement tools arising from changes to the regulatory environment and third-party mobile operating systems and browsers. We intend to continue to invest in our business based on our company priorities, and we anticipate that additional investments in our data center capacity, servers, network infrastructure, and office facilities, as well as scaling our headcount to support our growth, will continue to drive expense growth in 2021. We expect 2021 capital expenditures to be in the range of $21-23 billion and total expenses to be in the range of $68-73 billion. Trends in our monetization by Facebook user geography affect our revenue and financial results by influencing the number of ads we are able to show, the value of our ads to marketers, the volume of payments transactions, as well as our expenses and capital expenditures. Our cost of revenue consists primarily of expenses associated with the delivery and distribution of our products, including expenses related to the operation of our data centers and technical infrastructure. Research and development expenses consist primarily of salaries and benefits for employees responsible for building new products as well as improving existing products. We plan to continue to hire software engineers and other technical employees, and to increase our investment to support our research and development initiatives. Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities, and cash generated from operations. As of December 31, 2020, cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities were $61.95 billion, an increase of $7.10 billion from December 31, 2019. The increase was mostly due to $38.75 billion of cash generated from operations, offset by $15.72 billion for capital expenditures. We anticipate making capital expenditures of approximately $21 billion to $23 billion in 2021. We believe that adequate amounts have been reserved in accordance with ASC 740, income taxes, for any adjustments to the provision for income taxes or other tax items that may ultimately result from these examinations. The timing of the resolution, settlement, and closure of any audits is highly uncertain, and it is reasonably possible that the balance of gross unrecognized tax benefits could significantly change in the next 12 months.