The company has taken a number of precautionary steps to safeguard its businesses and colleagues from COVID-19, including implementing travel restrictions, arranging work from home capabilities, and flexible work policies. The company expects it will continue its ability to service clients effectively while colleagues remain in a remote work environment. The integration of JLT required intercompany transfers of acquired entities into the company's country structures and the combination of those entities within the equivalent company businesses. The company is completing its integration of JLT, which includes costs incurred in connection with the integration and restructuring of the combined businesses, primarily related to severance, real estate rationalization, and technology, as well as consulting fees related to the management of the integration processes. The company incurred costs of $251 million in 2020 and $335 million in 2019 and expects the remaining costs of $139 million to be incurred in 2021, of which $134 million will be cash expenditures. Through December 31, 2020, the company has exceeded the initial estimated savings of $350 million and now expects approximately $425 million of annualized savings when the integration is completed in 2021. The company conducts business in many countries, and as a result, foreign exchange rate movements may impact period-to-period comparisons of revenue. The revenue in the risk and insurance services segment increased 8% in 2020 compared with 2019, reflecting increases of 3% on an underlying basis and 1% from acquisitions, partly offset by a 1% decrease from the impact of foreign currency translation. The decrease in underlying expenses is primarily due to lower JLT integration, restructuring, and acquisition-related costs and savings realized from the completion of integration efforts to date. The company also provides financial support to its operating subsidiaries for acquisitions, investments, and certain parts of their business that require liquidity. The company has commitments for potential future investments in private equity funds that invest primarily in financial services companies. The company’s investments may include direct investments in insurance, consulting, or other strategically linked companies and investments in private equity funds. The company recorded a net investment loss in 2020, primarily due to the loss from the sale of shares of Alexander Forbes. The company’s defined benefit pension plans hold investments that include private equity and other non-liquid investments, which determine, in part, the over-or under-funded status of those plans. The company’s accounting policies for its defined benefit pension plans, including the selection of and sensitivity to assumptions, are critical to understanding its financial statements. The company recognizes the funded status of its over-funded defined benefit pension and retiree medical plans as a net benefit plan asset and its unfunded and underfunded plans as a net benefit plan liability. The company has established a short-term debt financing program through the issuance of commercial paper, and the proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper were used for general corporate purposes. The company has entered into several derivative contracts related to the JLT transaction, which are recorded at fair value at the end of each period, with the change in fair value recorded in the consolidated statements of income. The company’s investments may include direct investments in insurance, consulting, or other strategically linked companies and investments in private equity funds, which require significant management judgment to determine the appropriate value.