Altria's critical information technology systems have remained operational. Altria continues to monitor the risks associated with facility disruptions and workforce availability as a result of uncertainty related to the COVID-19 pandemic. Altria has implemented remote working for many employees and aligned with the social distancing protocols recommended by public health authorities. Altria continues to believe that remote working due to the COVID-19 pandemic has had minimal impact on productivity. Altria's operations have been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, and the company has taken measures to preserve its financial flexibility, including borrowing under its credit agreement. Altria's suppliers and those within its distribution chain are also subject to government actions that may require the closure of a facility and remote working protocols. Altria continues to monitor the risk that one or more suppliers, distributors, or any other entities within its supply and distribution chain closes temporarily or permanently. Altria has experienced adverse impacts to its alcohol assets, and the wine business has been negatively impacted by disruptions arising from the COVID-19 pandemic. Altria continues to monitor the macroeconomic risks of the COVID-19 pandemic and their effect on adult tobacco consumers, including stay-at-home practices and disposable income. Altria has considered the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the business of Juul, including its sales, distribution, operations, supply chain, and liquidity, in conducting its periodic impairment assessment and quantitative valuations. Altria will continue to monitor the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on Juul's business in its quarterly valuations. Altria has also considered the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the business of Cronos, including its sales, distribution, operations, supply chain, and liquidity. Cronos has been impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic, due in part to government action requiring closures or limited occupancy of retail stores in the United States. Altria will continue to monitor its investment in Cronos, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on Cronos's business and market valuation. Altria's tobacco businesses have not experienced any material adverse effects associated with governmental actions to restrict consumer movement or business operations but continues to monitor these factors. Altria's operations have been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, and the company has taken measures to preserve its financial flexibility, including borrowing under its credit agreement. Altria's critical information technology systems have remained operational, and the company continues to monitor the risks associated with facility disruptions and workforce availability as a result of uncertainty related to the COVID-19 pandemic. Altria's suppliers and those within its distribution chain are also subject to government actions that may require the closure of a facility and remote working protocols. Altria continues to monitor the risk that one or more suppliers, distributors, or any other entities within its supply and distribution chain closes temporarily or permanently. Altria has experienced adverse impacts to its alcohol assets, and the wine business has been negatively impacted by disruptions arising from the COVID-19 pandemic.