The outbreak of COVID-19 and its development into a pandemic have resulted in significant economic disruption globally, impacting business operations and overall levels of individual movement and in-person interaction. Our response has focused on establishing three strategic short-term priorities: strengthening the competitive position of assets, improving commercial performance, and lowering the cost structure. We are committed to positioning our assets to enhance operational, financial, and sustainability performance, evaluating the strength and fit of assets in our portfolio. Our goal is that each asset generates free cash flow back to the business and contributes to shareholder returns. We are focused on leveraging advantaged raw material selection, new approaches in the commercial space to be more dynamic amidst changing market conditions, and achieving technology improvements to advance our commercial performance. We have committed to achieving operational excellence by reducing costs, improving efficiency, and driving operational improvements. In connection with these strategic actions, we recorded restructuring expenses for the year ended December 31, 2020. We have also taken action to address our liquidity, including entering into additional revolving credit facilities to provide incremental liquidity and financial flexibility during the downturn. Our capital investment plan for 2021 totals approximately $1.4 billion for capital projects and investments, which includes planned capital spending for refining and marketing, and corporate activities, as well as a portion of planned capital investments in midstream. The refining and marketing segment's forecasted capital spending and investments is approximately $1.05 billion, which includes growth capital focused on ongoing projects that are expected to help reduce future operating costs. Major capital projects completed over the last three years have prepared us to increase diesel production, process light crude oil, increase export capabilities, and meet transportation fuel regulatory mandates. Our corporate expenses include costs related to an information systems integration project, which reflects our ongoing commitment to enhancing IT capabilities. The martinez refinery is being strategically repositioned to a renewable diesel facility, which involves applying for permits and advancing discussions with feedstock suppliers. This transformation underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The need to test for impairment can be based on several indicators, including significant reductions in prices or demand for products produced, which may impact our operational flexibility and strategic resource allocation. The ongoing evaluation of our technology capabilities and infrastructure is critical to maintaining competitive advantage and ensuring alignment with our business strategy. As we navigate the challenges posed by the pandemic and market dynamics, our focus remains on enhancing our IT effectiveness and operational efficiencies to support our organizational goals and drive performance improvements across our segments.