Microsoft is a technology company whose mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Our platforms and tools help drive small business productivity, large business competitiveness, and public-sector efficiency. The industry is dynamic and highly competitive, with frequent changes in both technologies and business models. Each industry shift is an opportunity to conceive new products, new technologies, or new ideas that can further transform the industry and our business. Our success is highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified employees, as we compete for talented individuals globally by offering an exceptional working environment, broad customer reach, scale in resources, and competitive compensation and benefits. The investments we are making in infrastructure and devices will continue to increase our operating costs and may decrease our operating margins. Cloud usage and demand increased as customers shifted to work and learn from home during the COVID-19 pandemic, highlighting the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The investments in cloud engineering, LinkedIn, devices, and gaming reflect our commitment to enhancing our IT capabilities to support business needs and drive operational efficiency. Our commercial business metrics allow management and investors to assess the overall health of our commercial business and include leading indicators of future performance, which are fundamentally connected based on how customers use our products and services. The metrics related to our productivity and business processes and intelligent cloud segments assess the health of our core businesses within these segments, reflecting our cloud and on-premises product strategies and trends. The growth in server products and cloud services revenue, driven by Azure, demonstrates the effectiveness of our IT capabilities in meeting market demands. The increase in research and development expenses, driven by investments in cloud engineering and AI, indicates our focus on enhancing our technology functionalities and capabilities. Our operational flexibility and ability to adapt to changing market dynamics are critical in maintaining competitive advantage and ensuring business transformation. The strategic resource allocation towards cloud services and the integration of digital technologies into our offerings are essential for driving innovation and improving firm performance. The ongoing evaluation of our IT architecture and governance practices ensures that we remain responsive to external influences and market restructuring, ultimately enhancing our organizational capabilities and effectiveness. The continued evolution of our IT capabilities is vital in supporting our business strategies and achieving long-term performance excellence.