The increase in operating margin is due primarily to increased revenues and decreased marketing costs, coupled with cost of revenues, technology and development, and general and administrative costs growing at a slower rate as compared to the 24% increase in revenues. Technology and development expenses consist of payroll and related expenses for all technology personnel, as well as other costs incurred in making improvements to our service offerings, including testing, maintaining and modifying our user interface, our recommendations, merchandising and streaming delivery technology and infrastructure. The increase in technology and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2020 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2019 was primarily due to a $254 million increase in personnel-related costs, including increases in compensation for existing employees and growth in average headcount to support the increase in our production activity and continued improvements in our streaming service. We have built our own global content delivery network ("open connect") to help us efficiently stream a high volume of content to our members over the internet. Delivery expenses, therefore, include equipment costs related to open connect, payroll and related personnel expenses and all third-party costs, such as cloud computing costs, associated with delivering content over the internet. Our business model is subscription-based as opposed to a model generating revenues at a specific title level. Content assets (licensed and produced) are predominantly monetized as a group and therefore are reviewed at a group level when an event or change in circumstances indicates a change in the expected usefulness of the content or that the fair value may be less than unamortized cost. The payments for content assets decreased $2,074 million, from $14,611 million to $12,537 million, or 14%, as compared to the increase in the amortization of content assets of $1,591 million, from $9,216 million to $10,807 million, or 17%. We anticipate that cash flows from operations, available funds and access to financing sources, including our revolving credit facility, will continue to be sufficient to meet our cash needs for at least the next twelve months. Our ability to obtain this or any additional financing that we may choose to, or need to, obtain will depend on, among other things, our development efforts, business plans, operating performance and the condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing. We expect to continue to significantly increase our investments in global content, particularly in original content, which will impact our liquidity. We will continue to actively monitor the situation and may take further actions that alter our business operations as may be required by federal, state, local or foreign authorities, or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, customers, partners and stockholders. The increase in our consolidated revenues was due to the 24% growth in average paying memberships and a 1% increase in average monthly revenue per paying membership. The increase in average monthly revenue per paying membership resulted from our price changes and plan mix, partially offset by unfavorable fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. The full extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, operations and financial results will depend on numerous evolving factors that we may not be able to accurately predict. We have built our own global content delivery network to help us efficiently stream a high volume of content to our members over the internet. Our other partners have similarly had their operations disrupted, including those partners that we use for our operations as well as development, production, and post-production of content. The increase in operating margin is due primarily to increased revenues and decreased marketing costs, coupled with cost of revenues, technology and development, and general and administrative costs growing at a slower rate as compared to the 24% increase in revenues.