We rely on technology and technology improvements in our business operations. If we experience significant disruption or failure of one or more of our information technology systems, including computer hardware, software, and communications equipment, we could experience a service interruption, a security breach, or other operational difficulties. We also face cybersecurity threats which may result in breaches of systems, or compromises of sensitive data, which may also result in service interruptions, safety failures, or operational difficulties. Such a breach, or compromise, could decrease revenues, increase operating costs, including those to protect our infrastructure, impact our efficiency, or damage our corporate reputation. Additionally, if we do not have sufficient capital to acquire new technology or we are unable to implement new technology, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage within the rail industry and with companies providing alternative modes of transportation service. Our ability to provide rail service to customers in the U.S. and Canada depends in large part upon our ability to maintain collaborative relationships with connecting carriers with respect to, among other matters, data exchange and communications. We continue to monitor the impact of the pandemic on our employees' availability and remain committed to protecting our employees and providing excellent transportation service products for our customers. The pandemic has negatively impacted the economy and continues to generate significant economic uncertainty. The magnitude and duration of the pandemic, and its impact on our customers and general economic conditions will influence the demand for our services and affect our revenues. Capacity constraints could negatively impact our service and operating efficiency. We could experience capacity constraints on our rail network related to increased demand for rail services, locomotive or employee shortages, severe weather, congestion on other railroads, including passenger activities, or impacts from changes to our network structure or composition. Significant increases in demand for rail services could result in the unavailability of qualified personnel and resources like locomotives. Changes in workforce demographics, training requirements, and availability of qualified personnel, particularly for engineers and conductors, could have a negative impact on our ability to meet short-term demand for rail service. We face competition from other transportation providers. We are subject to competition from motor carriers, railroads and, to a lesser extent, ships, barges, and pipelines, on the basis of transit time, pricing, and quality and reliability of service. While we have used primarily internal resources to build or acquire and maintain our rail system, trucks and barges have been able to use public rights-of-way maintained by public entities. Any future improvements, expenditures, legislation, or regulation materially increasing the quality or reducing the cost of alternative modes of transportation in the regions in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete with other modes of transportation. We rely on the capital markets to provide some of our capital requirements, including the issuance of debt instruments and the sale of certain receivables. Significant instability or disruptions of the capital markets, including the credit markets, or deterioration of our financial position due to internal or external factors could restrict or eliminate our access to, and/or significantly increase the cost of, various financing sources. Our operations are subject to extensive federal and state environmental laws and regulations concerning emissions to the air; discharges to waterways or groundwater supplies; handling, storage, transportation, and disposal of waste and other materials; and, the cleanup of hazardous material or petroleum releases. We have obtained insurance for potential losses for third-party liability and first-party property damages; however, insurance is available from a limited number of insurers and may not continue to be available or, if available, may not be obtainable on terms acceptable to us.