In this challenging market environment, we continue to monitor producers' drilling, completion, and production plans, which are increasingly positive as commodity prices have stabilized and improved. We operate an integrated, reliable, and diversified network of NGL and natural gas gathering, processing, fractionation, storage, and transportation assets connecting supply in the Rocky Mountain, mid-continent, and Permian regions with key market centers. We have completed significant capital-growth projects that provide us the capacity to benefit from future supply growth without significant capital investment. Our growth strategy is focused on connecting diversified supply basins from the Rocky Mountain region through the mid-continent region and the Permian Basin with NGL product demand from the petrochemical and refining industries and NGL export demand in the Gulf Coast. We expect to maintain sufficient liquidity and financial stability due to cash on hand from our June 2020 equity issuance, cash flows from operations, and access to our undrawn $2.5 billion credit agreement. We have no debt maturities prior to 2022, and our investment-grade credit ratings have remained stable. In 2020, we recorded noncash impairment charges related primarily to certain long-lived asset groups that were not recoverable, and we continue to look for ways to reduce our environmental impact and utilize more efficient technologies. Our capital expenditures decreased due primarily to our previously completed capital-growth projects, as well as our paused and suspended capital-growth projects related to weakened commodity prices and economic disruption caused by COVID-19. We expect our 2021 capital expenditures to decrease relative to 2020 due to our previously completed capital-growth projects and paused and suspended capital-growth projects unless producer activity levels warrant additional infrastructure. We evaluate our operations using a variety of financial and operating metrics to analyze our performance, including operating income, net income, diluted EPS, and adjusted EBITDA. We believe these non-GAAP financial measures are useful to investors because they are commonly employed by financial analysts and others to evaluate our financial performance and to compare financial performance among companies in our industry. Our investment decisions are influenced by the need to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities to support business strategies and work processes. We assess our long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an asset's carrying amount may not be recoverable. Our impairment tests required the use of assumptions and estimates, such as industry economic factors and the profitability of future business strategies. The ability to recover operating costs and amounts equivalent to income taxes, costs of property, plant, and equipment, and regulatory assets in our state and FERC-regulated rates is critical. We utilize derivatives to reduce our market-risk exposure to commodity price and interest-rate fluctuations and to achieve more predictable cash flows. The timely receipt of approval by applicable governmental entities for construction and operation of our pipeline and other projects and required regulatory clearances is essential for our operational capabilities.