In management's discussion and analysis, we provide a historical and prospective narrative of our general financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and certain other factors that may affect our future results. The review should be made in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements, related notes, and other financial information. Our extensive product line includes an assortment of products that are differentiated by quality and price, reflecting "good," "better," and "best" alternatives. Consumers' willingness to select products at a higher point on the value spectrum is a driver of sales and profitability in our industry. We have ongoing initiatives focused on marketing and training to educate customers on the advantages of ongoing vehicle maintenance. We believe the key drivers of current and future long-term demand for the products sold within the automotive aftermarket include the number of U.S. miles driven, number of U.S. registered vehicles, new light vehicle registrations, and average vehicle age. The total number of vehicles on the road and the average age of the vehicle population heavily influence the demand for products sold within the automotive aftermarket industry. We believe consumers will continue to invest in reliable, higher-quality, higher-mileage vehicles, which will support continued demand for automotive aftermarket products. We remain confident in our ability to gain market share in our existing markets and grow our business in new markets by focusing on our dual market strategy. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused significant disruption to the economy, placing pressure on our business. We believe these government stimulus payments and enhanced unemployment benefits, along with the easing of stay-at-home orders and the associated market reopenings, led to strong demand for our products. We have taken many steps to promote the health and safety of our customers and team members while keeping our stores open to meet our customers' critical needs during the COVID-19 crisis. We successfully issued $500 million aggregate principal amount unsecured senior notes due 2030 and drew a precautionary $250 million on our existing revolving credit facility. Our long-term business strategy requires capital to open new stores, fund strategic acquisitions, expand distribution infrastructure, and operate and maintain our existing stores. The primary sources of our liquidity are funds generated from operations and borrowed under our unsecured revolving credit facility. We have demonstrated our ability to take prudent steps to support the future stability and financial flexibility of our company. We opened 156 net new U.S. stores during the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase in gross profit dollars for the year ended December 31, 2020, was primarily the result of sales from new stores, the increase in comparable store sales at existing stores, and sales from the acquired Mayasa stores. We believe the presentation of our free cash flow, consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio, and consolidated leverage ratio provides meaningful supplemental information to both management and investors. We have repurchased a total of 82.1 million shares of our common stock under our share repurchase program since its inception. We expect to fund our contractual obligations primarily with operating cash flows expected to be generated in the normal course of business or through borrowings under our revolving credit facility. We do not have any off-balance sheet financing that has, or is reasonably likely to have, a material current or future effect on our financial condition, cash flows, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, or capital resources.