Occidental's operations, financial condition, cash flows, and levels of expenditures are highly dependent on oil prices and, to a lesser extent, natural gas liquids and natural gas prices. The company has taken significant measures to increase its near and mid-term liquidity and address near-term debt maturities, which includes reducing its capital budget and making significant cuts to operating and corporate costs. Occidental's strategy focuses on maximizing capital efficiency to sustain production levels and maximize free cash flow, while also prioritizing projects aimed at decreasing its carbon footprint. The company aims to deliver shareholder value through continual enhancements to its organizational capability and commitment to implement innovative carbon management and storage solutions. Occidental's oil and gas segment benefits from scale, technical expertise, and commercial collaboration, enabling it to bring additional production quickly to market and extend the life of older fields at lower costs. The segment has realized synergies to deliver lower breakeven costs and generate excess free cash flow, with a focus on high-return, short-cycle, cash-flow-generating opportunities. Occidental's operations in the Permian Basin, which include unconventional oil development projects, provide short-cycle investment paybacks and generate high margins and returns. The company has implemented technology improvements that contribute to operational efficiencies and enhance recovery rates. Occidental's capital expenditures are primarily focused on its assets in the Permian Basin, DJ Basin, Gulf of Mexico, and Oman, with a disciplined approach to capital expenditures emphasizing the creation of value and enhancing existing positions. The company also focuses on cost-reduction efficiencies and innovative technologies to reduce carbon emissions. In 2020, Occidental's capital expenditures were significantly reduced in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, impacting its ability to convert proved undeveloped reserves to proved developed reserves. The company continues to evaluate the economic environment and may make further adjustments to its future levels of expenditures. Occidental's ability to add reserves depends on successful exploration and exploitation programs, which are influenced by technology improvements and market conditions. The company is committed to developing its proved undeveloped reserves, particularly in the Permian Basin, and plans to allocate a significant portion of its capital program to these development efforts. Occidental's environmental remediation liabilities and expenditures are subject to stringent regulations, and the company actively monitors and participates in remedial activities at various sites. The company believes that its operational and financial strategies, along with its focus on sustainability and innovation, position it for long-term success in a competitive market.