We are a leading provider of integrated human capital management ("HCM") solutions for human resources ("HR"), payroll, benefits, and insurance services for small- to medium-sized businesses. Our strategy focuses on providing industry-leading, integrated technology; increasing client satisfaction; expanding our leadership in HR; growing our client base; and engaging in strategic acquisitions. We continue to focus on driving growth in the number of clients, revenue per client, total revenue and profits, while providing industry-leading service and technology solutions to our clients and their employees. We believe these investments are critical to our success. Concentrated effort remains on the continued enhancements of Paychex Flex, our robust, cloud-based HCM software solutions platform, which allows direct client access to HR, payroll, and benefits information in a streamlined and integrated approach to workplace management. In fiscal 2020, we continued to focus on enhancing the value to clients, including new offerings and enhancements to Paychex Flex, such as integrations enabling users to connect Paychex Flex with leading HR, accounting, point-of-sale, and productivity applications; a smartwatch solution for tracking time worked; and real-time payments for efficient employee compensation. The technology investments we made to our Paychex Flex payroll and human resources suite of products positioned us to service our clients and support them in managing a remote workforce. Our blend of technology and service provides valuable tools and resources to assist our clients and their employees during critical times. We provide free webinars, white papers, and other information on our website to aid existing and prospective clients with the impact of regulatory changes. We believe that investing in our products, people, and service capabilities will position us to capitalize on opportunities for long-term growth. Our mission is to be the leading provider of HR, payroll, benefits, and insurance solutions by being an essential partner to small and medium-sized businesses across the U.S. and parts of Europe. We believe that success in this mission will lead to strong, long-term financial performance. The acquisition of Oasis Outsourcing Group Holdings, L.P. positioned us to enhance our HR outsourcing services. The purchase price was financed through a combination of cash on hand and the issuance of long-term private placement debt totaling $800.0 million. Our portfolio of HCM and employee benefit-related services is disaggregated into two categories, management solutions and professional employer organization ("PEO") and insurance solutions. We maintain industry-leading margins by managing our personnel costs and expenses while continuing to invest in our business, particularly in leading-edge technology. We believe these investments are critical to our success. Our strong balance sheet and operational flexibility allowed us to successfully manage through the initial impact of COVID-19 while protecting our cash flow and liquidity. We will continue to evaluate the nature and extent of future changes to market and economic conditions related to COVID-19 and will assess the potential impact to our business and financial position. Our technology investments and enhancements in our service capabilities are designed to support our clients' evolving business needs and to foster organizational effectiveness and performance improvement.