pg&e corporation and the utility are subject to various laws and regulations and, in the normal course of business, are named as parties in a number of claims and lawsuits. the utility's wildfire risk mitigation initiatives involve substantial and ongoing expenditures and could involve other costs. the extent to which the utility will be able to recover these expenditures and potential other costs through rates is uncertain. the utility's ability to fund operations, finance capital expenditures, make scheduled principal and interest payments, and make distributions to pg&e corporation depends on the levels of its operating cash flows and access to the capital and credit markets. the utility's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows may be materially affected by uncertainties in connection with any future wildfires, wildfire insurance, and ab 1054. the utility's ability to seek cost recovery will also be limited as a result of the outcome of the wildfires oii. the utility has taken aggressive steps to mitigate the threat of catastrophic wildfires, the spread of wildfires should they occur and the impact of psps events. the success of the utility's wildfire mitigation efforts depends on many factors, including whether the utility is able to retain or contract for the workforce necessary to execute its wildfire mitigation actions. the utility's financial results may be impacted by the timing and outcome of its ferc to18 and to19 rate cases, wmce application, and its ability to timely recover costs not currently in rates, including costs already incurred and future costs tracked in its cema, wema, wmpma, frmma, cppma, vmba, wmba, and rtba. the utility's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows could be materially affected if the utility is unable to timely recover costs included in its wildfire mitigation and catastrophic events costs recovery application. the utility's operations are subject to extensive federal, state, and local laws and permits relating to the protection of the environment and the safety and health of the utility's personnel and the public. pg&e corporation and the utility are exposed to risks associated with adverse changes in commodity prices, interest rates, and counterparty credit. the utility actively manages market risk through risk management programs designed to support business objectives, discourage unauthorized risk-taking, reduce commodity cost volatility, and manage cash flows. the utility uses derivative instruments only for non-trading purposes and not for speculative purposes. the utility's risk management activities include the use of physical and financial instruments such as forward contracts, futures, swaps, options, and other instruments and agreements. the utility's current authorized revenue requirement for natural gas transportation and storage service to non-core customers is not balancing account protected. the utility's cash flows from operating activities primarily consist of receipts from customers less payments of operating expenses, other than expenses such as depreciation that do not require the use of cash. the utility's investing activities primarily consist of the construction of new and replacement facilities necessary to provide safe and reliable electricity and natural gas services to its customers. the utility's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and cash flows could be materially affected if the utility is unable to timely recover costs in connection with the 2019 wmp, 2020 wmp, and 2021 wmp recorded in the frmma and wmpma, which the utility expects will be substantial. the utility's wildfire-related liabilities depend on various factors, including negotiations and settlements or the cause of each fire, contributing causes of the fires, the number, size and type of structures damaged or destroyed, and other damages the utility may be responsible for if found negligent. the utility's provision for loss and expense excludes anticipated legal costs, which are expensed as incurred. the utility records a wildfire-related liability when it determines that a loss is probable and it can reasonably estimate the loss or a range of losses.