Our discussion and analysis is intended to help the reader understand our results of operations and financial condition and is provided as an addition to, and should be read in connection with, our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. We had to further strengthen our e-commerce and digital capabilities; reimagine our marketing; deliver positive outcomes for people, our shareholders and the planet; and much more. We will become stronger by renewing our focus on driving holistic cost management throughout our organization to support our investments in advantaged capabilities, such as a highly agile and flexible end-to-end value chain; more precision around revenue management; and investing in data analytics that can provide more granularity around consumer insights. We will continue to focus on becoming faster, stronger, and better by making the necessary investments in our manufacturing capacity, go-to-market systems and digital initiatives, such as improving our presence and scale in our e-commerce business. We continue to see a rapid increase in demand in the e-commerce and online-to-offline channels and any failure to capitalize on this demand could adversely affect our ability to maintain and grow sales or category share and erode our competitive position. Our operations continue to expose us to risks associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, which continues to result in challenging operating environments and has affected almost all of the more than 200 countries and territories in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold. We will continue to monitor and assess the impact COVID-19 may have on our business and financial results. We expect to incur pre-tax charges of approximately $2.5 billion, including cash expenditures of approximately $1.6 billion, as we leverage new technology and business models to further simplify, harmonize and automate processes; re-engineer our go-to-market and information systems, including deploying the right automation for each market; and simplify our organization and optimize our manufacturing and supply chain footprint. We have made certain commitments to the South Africa Competition Commission, including a commitment to provide the equivalent of 7.7 billion South African rand, or approximately $0.4 billion as of the acquisition date, in value for the benefit of our employees, agricultural development, education, developing Pioneer Foods' operations and enterprise development programs in South Africa. The charges taken as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic negatively impacted operating profit performance by 7 percentage points. We have developed and implemented and continue to develop and implement health and safety protocols, business continuity plans and crisis management protocols in an effort to mitigate the negative impact of COVID-19 to our employees and our business. We will continue to focus on becoming faster, stronger, and better by further integrating purpose into our business strategy and brands by becoming planet positive, strengthening our roots in our communities, and advancing social justice. We also plan to continue investing to further expand global business services into new capabilities, which will enable better insight and support for our businesses at a lower cost. We believe these priorities will position our company for long-term sustainable growth.