We have undertaken efforts to ensure our cost base aligns appropriately with our revenue base. In addition, we are taking steps to restructure our corporate enabling functions to appropriately support and drive the purpose of our focused innovative biopharmaceutical products business and R&D and PGS platform functions. We seek to leverage a strong pipeline, organize around expected operational growth drivers and capitalize on trends creating long-term growth opportunities, including advances in both biological science and digital technology that are enhancing the delivery of breakthrough new medicines and vaccines. We assess our business, assets and scientific capabilities/portfolio as part of our regular, ongoing portfolio review process and also continue to consider business development activities that will advance our business. Our R&D efforts seek to add value to our existing products by improving their effectiveness and ease of dosing and by discovering potential new indications. We believe we have a strong pipeline and are well-positioned for future growth. Innovation, drug discovery and development are critical to our success. We are committed to strategically capitalizing on growth opportunities by advancing our own product pipeline and maximizing the value of our existing products, as well as through various business development activities. Our business development activity is viewed as an enabler of our strategies and seeks to generate growth by pursuing opportunities and transactions that have the potential to strengthen our business and our capabilities. We are focused on all aspects of our business and are implementing measures aimed at mitigating issues where possible, including by using digital technology to assist in operations for our commercial, manufacturing, R&D and enabling functions globally. During the pandemic, we have adapted our promotional platform by amplifying our existing digital capabilities to reach healthcare professionals and customers to provide critical education and information, including increasing the scale of our remote engagement. Our portfolio of products experienced varying impacts from the pandemic. Some of our products are medically necessary but also more reliant on maintenance therapy with continuing patients in addition to new patients, some of our products are more reliant on new patient starts and typically require doctor visits, including wellness visits, and some of our products are identified as medically necessary for treatment in the pandemic. We have not seen a significant disruption to our supply chain to date, and all of our manufacturing sites globally have continued to operate at or near normal levels. We believe that we have, and expect to maintain, the ability to meet liquidity needs for the foreseeable future, which can include, among others, the working capital requirements of our operations, including our R&D activities, investments in our business, and business development activities. We continuously monitor our operations for cost reduction and/or productivity opportunities, especially in light of the losses of exclusivity and the expiration of collaborative arrangements for various products. Our long-term debt is rated high-quality by both S&P and Moody's. We are committed to confronting the public health challenge posed by the pandemic by collaborating with industry partners and academic institutions to develop potential approaches to prevent and treat COVID-19. We have made some important advances, including entry into a global agreement with BioNTech for the development, manufacture and commercialization of an mRNA-based coronavirus vaccine to help prevent COVID-19.