The company is a leading worldwide diversified manufacturer of motion and control technologies and systems, providing precision engineered solutions for a wide variety of mobile, industrial, and aerospace markets. We believe we can meet our strategic objectives by successfully executing the win strategy initiatives relating to engaged people, premier customer experience, profitable growth, and financial performance. We are actively monitoring the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak, which has negatively impacted, and we expect will continue to negatively impact, our business and results of operations. Disruption within the aerospace industry, which is facing the consequences of travel restrictions and considerably lower demand, was significant and is expected to continue. The ultimate extent to which our business and results of operations will be impacted by the outbreak will depend largely on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be accurately predicted at this time. We took immediate and aggressive action to minimize the spread of COVID-19 in our workplaces and are taking measures to preserve cash and reduce costs, including but not limited to, global salary reductions, reduced work schedules, elimination of discretionary spending, targeted restructuring, and limiting capital expenditures to safety-related issues and strategic investments. We believe many opportunities for profitable growth are available, particularly in the areas of energy, water, food, environment, defense, life sciences, infrastructure, and transportation. We anticipate that cost savings realized from the workforce reduction measures taken during 2020 will increase operating income for 2021 by approximately five percent in the diversified industrial North American operations and by approximately two percent in the diversified industrial international operations. The increase in diversified industrial segment backlog in 2020 was primarily due to the current-year acquisition of Lord, partially offset by shipments exceeding orders in both the North American and international businesses. We expect to continue to take actions necessary to structure appropriately the operations of the aerospace systems segment. These actions are expected to result in approximately $12 million of business realignment charges in 2021. The company completed the Lord and Exotic acquisitions, which are further discussed in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements. The business realignment charges consist primarily of severance and plant closure costs related to actions taken under the company's simplification initiative aimed at reducing organizational and process complexity. The majority of the diversified industrial international business realignment and acquisition integration charges were incurred in Europe. We continue to assess our existing businesses and may initiate efforts to divest businesses that are not considered to be a good long-term strategic fit for the company. The discussion below is structured to separately discuss the financial statements presented in part II, item 8 of this annual report on Form 10-K. The company has determined it will no longer permanently reinvest certain foreign earnings. The distribution of these earnings could result in non-federal U.S. or foreign taxes. The company's credit agreements and indentures governing certain debt securities contain various covenants, the violation of which would limit or preclude the use of the credit agreements for future borrowings. We are in compliance and expect to remain in compliance with all covenants set forth in the credit agreement and indentures. The company is currently authorized to sell up to $2,500 million of short-term commercial paper notes. The company's credit agreements require the payment of an annual facility fee, the amount of which is dependent upon the company's credit ratings.