We continue to invest in our products, markets, and brand, and embrace our commitments to our customers, shareholders, employees, and the communities where we do business. Our approach is concentrated on organically growing and deepening client relationships across our businesses that meet our risk/return measures. We are focused on delivering those products and services to our customers with the goal of addressing their financial objectives and putting customers' needs first. Our strategic priorities are designed to enhance value over the long term, and consist of expanding our leading banking franchise to new markets and digital platforms, deepening customer relationships by delivering a superior banking experience and financial solutions, and leveraging technology to innovate and enhance products, services, security, and processes. Our capital priorities are to support customers and business investment, maintain appropriate capital in light of economic conditions, the Basel III framework and other regulatory expectations, and return excess capital to shareholders. We strive to serve our customers and expand and deepen relationships by offering a broad range of deposit, credit, and fee-based products and services. Our business model is built on customer loyalty and engagement, understanding our customers' financial goals and offering our diverse products and services to help them achieve financial well-being. We are focused on our strategic priorities, which are designed to enhance value over the long term, and consist of expanding our leading banking franchise to new markets and digital platforms, deepening customer relationships by delivering a superior banking experience and financial solutions, and leveraging technology to innovate and enhance products, services, security, and processes. Our financial performance is also substantially affected by a number of external factors outside of our control, including global and domestic economic conditions, the actions by the Federal Reserve, U.S. Treasury, and other government agencies, including those that impact money supply and market interest rates, and changes in the competitive and regulatory landscape. We are focused on our strategic priorities, which are designed to enhance value over the long term, and consist of expanding our leading banking franchise to new markets and digital platforms, deepening customer relationships by delivering a superior banking experience and financial solutions, and leveraging technology to innovate and enhance products, services, security, and processes. Our ability to manage and implement strategic business objectives within the changing regulatory environment is critical, as is our focus on execution of our strategic priorities. We are continually assessing our current branch network for optimization opportunities as usage of alternative channels has increased. Our retail banking strategy is to acquire and retain customers who maintain their primary checking and transaction relationships with us. We seek to deepen relationships by meeting the broad range of our customers' financial needs with savings, liquidity, lending, investment, and retirement solutions. A key element of our strategy is to expand the use of lower-cost alternative distribution channels, with an emphasis on digital capabilities, while continuing to optimize the traditional branch network. We are also focused on meeting the financial needs of our customers by providing a broad range of liquidity, banking, and investment products. Our technology enhancements supported increased residential mortgage origination volume, and we are continually enhancing the home equity origination process to make it easier and to reach additional customers.