The performance of our business generally depends on our ability to obtain contracts with customers and to effectively deliver the services provided under those contracts. Our services include the design, engineering, new construction, upgrade, and repair and maintenance of infrastructure within each of the industries we serve. We endeavor to develop and maintain strategic alliances and preferred service provider status with our customers. Utilities are investing significant capital in their electric power delivery systems, particularly transmission, substation, and distribution infrastructure, through multi-year, multi-billion dollar grid modernization and reliability programs. Utilities are accommodating a changing fuel generation mix that is moving toward more sustainable sources such as renewables and natural gas and replacing aging infrastructure to support long-term economic growth. In order to reliably and efficiently deliver power, utilities are integrating smart grid technologies into distribution systems to improve grid management and create efficiencies. The demand for electricity in North America is expected to grow over the long term, and we believe that certain segments of the North American electric power grid are not adequate to efficiently serve future power needs. The federal communications commission has enacted a program to deploy more than $20 billion in federal funds to bring high-speed fixed broadband service to underserved rural homes and small businesses. We believe there will be meaningful demand for our engineering and construction services in that market. Our underground utility and infrastructure solutions related to specialty services and industries are driven by regulated utility spending, regulation, replacement and rehabilitation of aging infrastructure, and safety and environmental initiatives, which provide a greater level of business sustainability and predictability. The regulatory environment creates both challenges and opportunities for our business, and regulatory and environmental permitting processes continue to create uncertainty for projects and negatively impact customer spending. We continue to evaluate opportunities that are expected to broaden our customer base, expand our geographic area of operations, and grow and diversify our portfolio of services. Our ability to capitalize on available opportunities is limited by our ability to employ, train, and retain the necessary skilled personnel, and we are taking proactive steps to develop our workforce. We believe potential acquisition and investment opportunities exist in our industries and adjacent industries, primarily due to the highly fragmented and evolving nature of those industries and the inability of many companies to expand due to capital or liquidity constraints. Our cash flows from operating activities are influenced by demand for our services and operating margins but are also influenced by working capital needs associated with the various types of services that we provide. We expect substantial capital expenditures and commitments under equipment lease and rental arrangements to be needed to meet anticipated demand for our services. Our industry is capital intensive, and we expect capital expenditures for the year ended December 31, 2021, to be approximately $325 million. We are focused on maintaining a strong balance sheet to help us navigate the challenges presented by the COVID-19 pandemic. We continue to manage our costs through reductions in discretionary spending, reductions in workforce at operations experiencing challenges, hiring and compensation increase deferrals, and deferrals of non-essential capital expenditures.