The discussion under this caption includes forward-looking statements regarding our expectations for business and industry prospects or future results of operations or financial position. We have identified the estimation of our future liquidity requirements as a critical accounting policy, which includes numerous assumptions that are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Our accounting estimates related to ships and determinations of ship improvement costs require considerable judgment and are inherently uncertain, taking into consideration the impact of anticipated technological changes and long-term market conditions. We have taken actions to improve our liquidity, including reductions in capital expenditures and operating expenses. The outbreak of COVID-19 has resulted in an unprecedented global response that has created significant uncertainty regarding worldwide port closures and availability of ports and destinations, impacting our operations and cash flows. We performed interim impairment evaluations of our goodwill and long-lived assets due to the significant impact of COVID-19 on our projected cash flows. We have executed several measures to structurally reduce our cost base, realign our capital allocation, and improve our scale and margins. We also acquired the remaining share of Silversea without impacting our liquidity and expanded our joint venture with TUI Cruises. The disruptions to our operations have had a material negative impact on our financial condition and results of operations, leading to a decrease in revenues and an increase in customer deposit refunds. Our consolidated results of operations include Silversea Cruises' results of operations on a three-month reporting lag. We have identified that the undiscounted cash flows for certain right-of-use assets were less than their carrying values due to the negative impact of COVID-19. We continue to prioritize and bolster our liquidity through significant cost and capital expenditure reductions, cash conservation, and additional financing sources. The current suspension of our cruise operations has strained our sources of cash flow and liquidity, causing us to take actions resulting in reductions in our operating expenses and capital expenses. We have significant contractual obligations, with our debt service obligations and capital expenditures associated with our ship purchases representing our largest funding needs. As of December 31, 2020, we had liquidity of approximately $4.4 billion, consisting of cash and cash equivalents and a one-year commitment for a 364-day term loan facility. We have amended our credit facilities to provide covenant waivers and have agreed with certain of our lenders not to pay dividends or engage in stock repurchases. The amendments impose a monthly-tested minimum liquidity covenant for the duration of the waiver period. We continue to identify and evaluate further actions to improve our liquidity, including further reductions in capital expenditures, operating expenses, and administrative costs, as well as additional financings. The adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our revenues, consolidated results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition has been and will continue to be material. We expect to incur a net loss on both a US GAAP and adjusted basis for our first quarter of 2021, the extent of which will depend on many factors including the timing and extent of our return to service.