Our ability to generate profits and to generate positive cash flow from operations over the next several years depends significantly on the continued success in commercializing our products. We expect to continue to incur substantial expenses related to our research and development activities, a portion of which we expect to be reimbursed by our collaborators. Our financial results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and will depend on, among other factors, the scope and progress of our research and development efforts, the timing of certain expenses, and the continuation of our collaborations. We have entered into various collaborative arrangements to research, develop, manufacture, and commercialize product candidates and utilize our technology platforms. Our collaboration agreements may require us to deliver various rights, services, and/or goods across the entire life cycle of a product or product candidate. When we have a combined unit of account which includes a license and providing research and development services to our collaborator, recognition of up-front payments and development milestones earned from our collaborator is deferred and recognized over the development period. We review our estimates each period and make revisions to such estimates as necessary. Our research and development expenses included costs in connection with investigating the use of our products for COVID-19. We expect to continue to incur substantial commercialization costs for our marketed products. Commercialization costs over the next few years will depend on, among other things, the market potential for product candidates, whether commercialization costs are shared with a collaborator, and regulatory approval of additional product candidates. We expect that expenses related to the filing, prosecution, defense, and enforcement of patents and other intellectual property will be substantial. We enter into collaboration and licensing agreements that may require us to pay amounts upon the achievement of various development and commercial milestones, which, in the aggregate, could be significant. The payment of these amounts, however, is contingent upon the occurrence of various future events, which have a high degree of uncertainty of occurring and for which the specific timing cannot be predicted. Our obligation to pay certain of these amounts may increase or be reduced based on relevant future events. We expect continued increases in our expenditures, particularly in connection with our research and development activities. The amount of funding that will be required for our clinical programs depends upon the results of our research and preclinical programs and early-stage clinical trials, regulatory requirements, the duration and results of clinical trials underway and of additional clinical trials that we decide to initiate, and the various factors that affect the cost of each trial. We anticipate continuing to incur substantial commercialization costs for our marketed products. We have entered into agreements with the U.S. government to purchase supplies of our drug products and to fund certain of our development costs. Our collaborators provide us with estimated expenses for the most recent fiscal quarter, which are reconciled to their actual expenses in the subsequent fiscal quarter, and our portion of our collaborators' expenses that we are obligated to reimburse is adjusted accordingly. The increase in reimbursements for manufacturing of commercial supplies was primarily due to higher sales, as revenue for such cost reimbursements is recognized when the product is sold by our collaborator to third-party customers. The determination to capitalize inventory costs is based on various factors, including status and expectations of the regulatory approval process, any known safety or efficacy concerns, potential labeling restrictions, and any other impediments to obtaining regulatory approval. We periodically analyze our inventory levels to identify inventory that may expire prior to expected sale or has a cost basis in excess of its estimated realizable value, and write down such inventories as appropriate.