We are a diversified technology company. We operate businesses that design and develop software (both license and SaaS) and engineered products and solutions for a variety of niche end markets. We pursue consistent and sustainable growth in earnings and cash flow by emphasizing continuous improvement in the operating performance of our existing businesses and by acquiring other carefully selected businesses. Our acquisitions have represented both new strategic platforms and additions to existing businesses. The growth in organic revenues was primarily due to businesses serving healthcare and government contracting markets. Our network software & systems segment reported a $209.1 or 14% increase in net revenues for the year ended December 31, 2020 over the year ended December 31, 2019. The growth in organic revenues was led by our higher project activity at our toll and traffic business and subscription growth at our SaaS businesses. The resulting operating margin was 31.6% in the year ended December 31, 2020 as compared to 35.2% in the year ended December 31, 2019. The decrease in organic revenues was due to broad-based revenue declines across the segment led by lower demand at our businesses serving upstream oil and gas end markets resulting from lower energy prices and the COVID-19 pandemic. Corporate expenses increased by $20.1 to $192.5, or 3.5% of revenues, in 2020 as compared to $172.4, or 3.2% of revenues, in 2019. The dollar increase was due primarily to higher stock compensation expense and professional services. Cash provided by operating activities during 2020 was primarily due to improvement in working capital, lower cash taxes paid excluding the tax associated with gain on disposal of businesses, and $43.7 of employer social security payroll taxes deferred during the year ended December 31, 2020. Cash used in investing activities during 2020 was primarily for business acquisitions, most notably Vertafore and Epsi. We anticipate that our businesses will generate positive cash flows from operating activities, and that these cash flows will permit the reduction of currently outstanding debt in accordance with the repayment schedule. The effective income tax rate for 2020 was 21.5% as compared to the 2019 rate of 20.6%. The increase was due primarily to the following non-recurring items in 2019, recognition of a discrete tax benefit in connection with a foreign restructuring plan allowing the future realization of net operating losses, and the reversal of the deferred tax liability associated with the excess of Gatan's book basis over tax basis in the shares. We expect the effective tax rate for 2021 to be approximately 21% to 22%. The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires the use of estimates, assumptions, judgments, and interpretations that can affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. The development of accounting estimates is the responsibility of our management. We regularly compare inventory quantities on hand against anticipated future usage, which we determine as a function of historical usage or forecasts related to specific items in order to evaluate obsolescence and excessive quantities. The company recognized revenues using the input method, primarily utilizing the ratio of costs incurred to total estimated costs, as the measure of performance. The assessment of fair value for impairment purposes requires significant judgments to be made by management. The assumptions that have the most significant effect on the fair value calculations are the projected revenue growth rates, future operating margins, discount rates, terminal values, and earnings multiples. The company conducted its analysis qualitatively and assessed whether it was more likely than not that the respective fair value of these reporting units was less than the carrying amount.