In establishing appropriate growth targets for our business, we are closely monitoring market share trends for the off-price industry and believe our share gains will continue to be driven mainly by continued focus on value and convenience by consumers. Our merchandise and operational strategies are designed to take advantage of the expanding market share of the off-price industry as well as the ongoing customer demand for name brand fashions for the family and home at compelling discounts every day. We continually evaluate opportunistic real estate acquisitions and opportunities for potential new store locations. We also evaluate our current store locations and determine store closures based on similar criteria. Our longer-term strategy is to open additional stores based on market penetration, local demographic characteristics, competition, expected store profitability, and the ability to leverage overhead expenses. Our capital expenditures included costs to build, expand, and improve distribution centers; open new stores and improve existing stores; and for various other expenditures related to our information technology systems, buying, and corporate offices. Our planned capital expenditures for fiscal 2021 are expected to be used for continued construction of our distribution center, costs for fixtures and leasehold improvements to open planned new stores, investments in certain information technology systems, and for various other needed expenditures related to our stores, distribution centers, buying, and corporate offices. We expect to fund capital expenditures with available cash. The increase in our planned capital expenditures from fiscal 2020 is primarily driven by the continued construction of our distribution center and the resumption of certain projects that were deferred from fiscal 2020. Our primary ongoing cash requirements are for merchandise inventory purchases, payroll, operating and variable lease costs, taxes, and for capital expenditures in connection with new and existing stores, and investments in distribution centers, information systems, and buying and corporate offices. The covid-19 pandemic and related economic disruptions, including the temporary closure of all of our store locations, continue to create significant uncertainty and challenges. We believe that existing cash balances, our bank credit facility, and trade credit are adequate to meet our operating, investing, and financing needs for at least the next 12 months. Our capital expenditures over the last three years included significant investments in our information technology infrastructure. We expect higher supply chain costs from the industry-wide congestion to continue through fiscal 2021, along with higher costs from increases in wages we implemented in the second half of 2020. We recorded accruals for rent payment deferrals and recorded rent abatements as a reduction of variable lease costs. The ongoing effect of the covid-19 pandemic on consumer behavior and spending patterns remains highly uncertain. We expect the material adverse effects from the pandemic to continue through fiscal 2021 and potentially beyond. We took measures to reduce our expenses, inventory receipts, and capital expenditures. Our core business results improved during the second half of fiscal 2020; however, upsurges of covid-19 in the fourth quarter resulted in reduced customer traffic and slowed the pace of recovery. We expect customer demand to be generally suppressed for an extended period of time. We anticipate potential interruptions to our cash flows from operations. The temporary closure of all our stores significantly impacted our ability to sell the seasonal inventory then on hand in a timely manner. We took deep markdowns to sell through this inventory. The increase in cash flow from operating activities in fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 was primarily driven by higher accounts payable leverage.