In 2021, we will focus on driving profitable growth, making disciplined acquisition investments, maintaining an inclusive and engaging culture for our people, and advancing technology to empower our employees, increase connectivity with our customers and drive operational excellence. We have experienced an increase in certain costs of doing business as a direct result of the COVID-19 pandemic, including costs for additional safety equipment and hygiene products and increased facility and equipment cleaning. Our team remains focused on executing our strategy to deliver consistent earnings and free cash flow growth, and improving return on invested capital. We are committed to maintaining an efficient capital structure, preserving our investment grade credit ratings and increasing cash returned to our shareholders. In 2020, we incurred costs of $68.4 million as a direct and incremental result of the COVID-19 pandemic. We expect to incur similar costs throughout 2021, and potentially into future years, although we expect the annual amount of such costs to be less than those incurred in 2020. We strive to have a number one or number two market position in each of the markets we serve, or have a clear path on how we will achieve a leading market position over time. Where we cannot establish a leading market position, or where operations are not generating acceptable returns, we may decide to divest certain assets and reallocate resources to other markets. Business divestitures could result in gains, losses, or impairment charges that may be material to our results of operations in a given period. We are engaged in 75 landfill gas-to-energy and renewable energy projects and had post-closure responsibility for 128 closed landfills. Our revenue from environmental solutions consists mainly of fees we charge for disposal of non-hazardous solid and liquid material and in-plant services, such as transportation and logistics. We generally provide small-container and large-container collection services to customers under contracts with terms up to three years. Our transfer stations and landfills generate revenue from disposal or tipping fees charged to third parties. Our recycling processing centers generate revenue from tipping fees charged to third parties and the sale of recycled commodities. The demand for our environmental solutions business depends on the continued demand for, and production of, oil and natural gas in certain shale basins located in the United States. We recognize that the COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted global supply chains, and created significant volatility and disruption of financial markets. We will continue to monitor the effect of the evolving COVID-19 pandemic on our business and review our estimates for recoverability of assets. In addition, we incurred incremental costs associated with expanding certain aspects of our existing healthcare programs. We believe that the presentation of adjusted diluted earnings per share, which excludes loss on extinguishment of debt and other related costs, multiemployer pension fund withdrawal costs, restructuring charges, loss on business divestitures and impairments, net, and bridgeton insurance recoveries provides an understanding of operational activities before the financial effect of certain items. We use this measure, and believe investors will find it helpful, in understanding the ongoing performance of our operations separate from items that have a disproportionate effect on our results for a particular period. Our definitions of adjusted pre-tax income, adjusted net income - republic, and adjusted diluted earnings per share may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. We will continue to invest in technology to enhance our operational efficiency and improve our service delivery, which is essential for maintaining our competitive advantage in the market.