We are a global premier systems provider of high technology products and services to the aerospace and defense industries. Our operations include original equipment manufacturer (OEM) and extensive related aftermarket parts and services related to our aerospace operations. Our defense business serves both domestic and international customers primarily as a prime contractor or subcontractor on a broad portfolio of defense and related programs for government customers. Our business mix reflects the combination of shorter cycles in our commercial aerospace spares contracts and certain service contracts in our defense business, and longer cycles in our aerospace OEM and aftermarket maintenance contracts and on our defense contracts to design, develop, manufacture or modify complex equipment. Our customers are in the public and private sectors, and our businesses reflect an extensive geographic diversification that has evolved with continued globalization. We focus on adjusted earnings per share (EPS) and measures to assess our cash generation and the efficiency and effectiveness of our use of capital, such as free cash flow (FCF) and return on invested capital (ROIC). We believe these metrics are strong indicators of our overall performance and our ability to create shareowner value. We also use these and other performance metrics for executive compensation purposes. Our research and development spending is subject to the variable nature of program development schedules and, therefore, year-over-year fluctuations in spending levels are expected. The increase in company-funded research and development was primarily driven by the Raytheon merger, partially offset by lower expenses across various commercial programs at Pratt & Whitney and Collins Aerospace, both principally driven by cost reduction measures in response to the current economic environment primarily due to COVID-19. We are continuously evaluating our cost structure and have implemented restructuring actions in an effort to keep our cost structure competitive. We believe defense backlog and defense bookings are relevant to an understanding of management's view of our defense operations' performance. Our defense operations consist primarily of our Raytheon Intelligence & Space (RIS) and Raytheon Missiles & Defense (RMD) businesses and operations in the defense businesses within our Collins Aerospace and Pratt & Whitney segments. The increase in backlog was due to the Raytheon merger. We recorded a goodwill impairment charge related to two Collins Aerospace reporting units, which underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The estimation of total revenue and cost at completion is complex, subject to many variables and requires significant judgment by management on a contract-by-contract basis. We regularly assess the recoverability of intangible assets, which is dependent upon our assumptions around the future success and profitability of the underlying aircraft platforms including the associated aftermarket revenue streams, and the related future cash flows. The change in our FAS/CAS operating adjustment was due to the Raytheon merger. We have significant exposure related to our airline and airframer customers, including significant accounts receivable and contract assets balances. Given the uncertainty related to the severity and length of the pandemic, we may be required to record additional charges or impairments in future periods. We continue to monitor these trends and are working closely with our customers. We have been and continue to actively mitigate costs and adjust production schedules to accommodate these declines in demand. Our operations can be affected by industrial, economic and political factors on both a regional and global level, and government and industry-driven safety and performance regulations can impact our businesses.