Throughout the second half of fiscal 2020, we experienced initial business recovery as our stores gradually reopened under modified operations to meet public health guidelines and evolving customer behaviors and expectations. We continue to invest in technologies and innovations to elevate the customer and partner experience and to drive long-term growth. By reimagining our store formats, we are moving swiftly to adapt to new customer behaviors. Absent significant COVID-19 relapses or global economic disruptions, and based on the current trend of our retail business recovery and our focused efforts to expand contactless customer experiences, digital capabilities, and beverage innovation, we believe we are well positioned to regain the positive business momentum we had demonstrated prior to the pandemic. General and administrative expenses decreased primarily driven by lower performance-based compensation, partially offset by incremental strategic investments in technology. We continue to invest in technologies and innovations to elevate the customer and partner experience and to drive long-term growth. Our investment portfolio primarily includes highly liquid available-for-sale securities, including corporate debt securities, government treasury securities, and commercial paper. We actively manage our cash and investments in order to internally fund operating needs, make scheduled interest and principal payments on our borrowings, make acquisitions, and return cash to shareholders through common stock cash dividend payments and share repurchases. We believe that net future cash flows generated from operations and existing cash and investments both domestically and internationally combined with our ability to leverage our balance sheet through the issuance of debt will be sufficient to finance capital requirements for our core businesses as well as shareholder distributions for the foreseeable future. We may also seek strategic acquisitions to leverage existing capabilities and further build our business in support of our "growth at scale" agenda. We expect to use our available cash and investments, including, but not limited to, additional potential future borrowings under the credit facilities, commercial paper program, and the issuance of debt to support and invest in our core businesses, including investing in new ways to serve our customers and supporting our store partners. We have borrowed funds and continue to believe we have the ability to do so at reasonable interest rates; however, additional borrowings would result in increased interest expense in the future. Our ability to incur new liens and conduct sale and leaseback transactions on certain material properties is subject to compliance with terms of the indentures under which the senior notes were issued. We expect total future restructuring costs, which are attributable to our Americas segment, to range from approximately $260 million to $400 million. Our estimates of future restructuring costs are based on actual costs incurred for recently closed stores of similar profile under the restructuring plans. We have identified 405 stores in the U.S. and Canada for closure under our restructuring plans. As we have previously recorded impairment charges in fiscal 2020 for stores that may be identified for closure under our plans, and because store closure decisions are still subject to change, the final costs associated with these store closures may be different from the initial estimates. Our goodwill impairment assessments were not significantly altered as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. We continue to believe the fair value of each of our reporting units is significantly in excess of its carrying value, and absent a sustained multi-year global decline in our business in key markets such as the U.S. and China, we do not anticipate incurring significant goodwill impairment in the next 12 months.