The performance coatings group's SG&A increased by $8.7 million for the year primarily due to investments in information technology systems and expenses related to COVID-19, partially offset by currency translation rate changes. The company expects to invest a minimum of $600 million of capital expenditures to build both the new headquarters and R&D center in downtown Cleveland, Ohio, and a new research and development center in the Cleveland suburb of Brecksville. The predominant share of the capital expenditures in 2021 is expected to be for various productivity improvement and maintenance projects at existing manufacturing, distribution, and research and development facilities, new store openings, new or upgraded information systems hardware, and the new global headquarters and R&D center in Ohio. The company has not made any decisions regarding the disposition of the company's current Cleveland-area headquarters and R&D centers, which are all owned by the company. The company believes it may be exposed to continuing market risk from foreign currency exchange rate and commodity price fluctuations. However, the company does not expect that foreign currency exchange rate and commodity price fluctuations or hedging contract losses will have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. The company recognizes each plan's funded status as an asset for overfunded plans and as a liability for unfunded or underfunded plans. The company's liability for other postretirement benefits increased $11.1 million to $291.6 million at December 31, 2020, due primarily to changes in the actuarial assumptions. The company has implemented various programs designed to protect the environment and promote continued compliance. Management believes that the company conducts its operations in compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations. The company has a strong liquidity position, with $226.6 million in cash and $3.500 billion of unused capacity under its credit facilities at December 31, 2020. The company continues to actively monitor the pandemic's impact on the company worldwide, including its financial position, liquidity, results of operations, and cash flow, while managing its response to the crisis through collaboration with employees, customers, suppliers, government authorities, health officials, and other business partners. The company has worked with government and health authorities to continue to operate its business during this crisis, including implementing online and phone ordering of products, using curbside pickup or delivery, and implementing remote, alternate, and flexible work arrangements where possible. The company expects to spend more than 2020 for capital expenditures. The company believes that the assumptions used in estimating the royalty savings for impairment testing include discount rates, royalty rates, growth rates, sales projections, terminal value rates, and, to a lesser extent, tax rates. The company has a strong liquidity position, with $226.6 million in cash and $3.500 billion of unused capacity under its credit facilities at December 31, 2020. The company continues to actively monitor the pandemic's impact on the company worldwide, including its financial position, liquidity, results of operations, and cash flow, while managing its response to the crisis through collaboration with employees, customers, suppliers, government authorities, health officials, and other business partners. The company has worked with government and health authorities to continue to operate its business during this crisis, including implementing online and phone ordering of products, using curbside pickup or delivery, and implementing remote, alternate, and flexible work arrangements where possible.