In 2018, we set out to simplify Sempra Energy's business model and sharpen our focus on our mission to be North America's premier energy infrastructure company. Our operational and financial results reflect our focus on executing this strategy. Throughout the MD&A, our reference to earnings represents earnings attributable to common shares. The increase in earnings of $57 million in 2020 compared to 2019 was primarily due to higher electric transmission margin, including an increase in authorized return on equity. The increase in earnings of $98 million in 2019 compared to 2018 was primarily due to higher CPUC base operating margin authorized for 2019. The increase in earnings of $51 million in 2020 compared to 2019 was primarily due to higher equity earnings from Oncor Holdings driven by increased revenues from rate updates to reflect increases in invested capital and customer growth. The increase in earnings of $6 million in 2020 compared to 2019 was primarily due to favorable impacts from foreign currency and inflation effects. The increase in earnings of $320 million in 2020 compared to losses in 2019 was primarily due to higher equity earnings from Cameron LNG JV primarily due to the commencement of phase 1 commercial operations. The increase in earnings of $241 million in 2019 compared to 2018 was primarily due to higher CPUC base operating margin authorized for 2019. The increase in earnings of $172 million in 2019 compared to 2018 was primarily due to higher earnings from South American operations mainly from higher rates and lower costs of purchased power. The increase in earnings attributable to common shares was $3,764 million in 2020 compared to $2,055 million in 2019 and $924 million in 2018. Our utilities revenues include natural gas revenues at our California utilities and electric revenues at SDG&E. The California utilities currently operate under a regulatory framework that permits the cost of natural gas purchased for core customers to be passed through to customers in rates substantially as incurred. The California utilities manage their capital structure and pay dividends when appropriate and as approved by their respective boards of directors. The regulatory assets established with respect to COVID-19 pandemic costs are subject to PUCT review for reasonableness and possible disallowance. We expect to meet our cash requirements through cash flows from operations, unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, proceeds from recent asset sales, borrowings under our credit facilities, distributions from our equity method investments, issuances of debt, project financing, and partnering in JVs. Our businesses that invest in, develop, and operate energy infrastructure and provide electric and gas services to customers have been identified as critical or essential services in the U.S. and Mexico and have continued to operate throughout the COVID-19 pandemic. We have activated our business continuity plans and continue to work closely with local, state, and federal authorities to provide essential services with minimum interruption to customers. We expect the majority of our capital expenditures and investments in 2021 will relate to transmission and distribution improvements at our regulated public utilities, the ECA LNG phase 1 liquefaction export project at Sempra LNG, and construction of liquid fuels terminals at Sempra Mexico. We expect to make capital expenditures and investments of approximately $5.8 billion in 2021. The development of the potential Cameron LNG JV phase 2 expansion project is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including securing binding customer commitments, reaching a final investment decision, and obtaining financing.