The following discussion may contain predictions, estimates and other forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including those discussed under the heading entitled "risk factors." Our competitive strengths and execution of our value-driven operating strategy have historically resulted in improvements in gross profit and income from operations over the long term. We attempt to obtain profitable new business by using our technical expertise and application skill and our detailed knowledge of our customer base and the individual niche markets in which we operate. We focus on the engineering, manufacturing and marketing of a broad range of highly engineered niche products that we believe provide value to our customers. Our selective acquisition strategy has also contributed to the growth of our business, with the integration of certain acquisitions into our existing businesses resulting in improvements of the financial performance of the acquired business. The niche nature of our markets, the industry's stringent regulatory and certification requirements, and the investments necessary to develop and certify products create potential disincentives to competition for certain products. The company is actively managing the business to maintain cash flow, including cost mitigation efforts in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. We believe our diversified revenue base reduces our dependence on any particular product, platform or market channel and has been a significant factor in maintaining our financial performance. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused a significant adverse impact on our sales, net income and EBITDA and is expected to continue to do so, particularly affecting customer demand for all market channels. Our businesses have taken the opportunity to explore new business opportunities by developing highly engineered solutions for emerging needs arising from the pandemic, including anti-viral or antimicrobial technology, air purification, and touchless technologies. The company continues to analyze its cost structure and may implement additional cost reduction measures as necessary due to ongoing business challenges. Our management team has significant experience in executing acquisitions and integrating acquired businesses into our company and culture. We expect our efforts will continue to generate strong margins and provide sufficient cash provided by operating activities to meet our interest obligations and liquidity needs. We believe our cash provided by operating activities and available borrowing capacity will enable us to make strategic business combinations, pay dividends to our shareholders and/or make opportunistic investments in our own stock. The company has historically maintained a capital structure comprising a mix of equity and debt financing, varying our leverage to optimize our equity return and pursue acquisitions. The company utilizes letters of credit to back certain payment and performance obligations, which are subject to limits based on amounts outstanding under the revolving credit facility. The company has significant cash liquidity, which will allow us to meet our anticipated funding requirements. The COVID-19 pandemic has created uncertainty regarding future results, and we continue to anticipate potential supply chain disruptions and additional health and safety costs related to the pandemic that could unfavorably impact our business. The company is committed to maintaining and continuously improving its lean cost structure through detailed attention to the cost of each of the products that we offer and our organizational structure, focusing on reducing costs.