truist's management annually evaluates and, as necessary, adjusts the company's business strategy in the context of the current operating environment. Management considers the current financial condition and performance of the company and its expectations for future economic activity from both a national and local market perspective. Achieving key strategic objectives and established long-term financial goals is subject to many uncertainties and challenges, including managing the integration of systems and operations while safeguarding the company against external threats. Truist's commitment to executing the company's "T3 strategy" focuses on personal touch and technology to engender trust and provide distinctive, secure, and successful client experiences. The company recognizes the importance of driving innovation and remaining attuned to evolving client preferences to succeed in an intensely competitive environment. Truist's risk management framework promotes the execution of business strategies and objectives in alignment with its risk appetite, including technology risk associated with the use, ownership, operation, and adoption of information technology across the company. Truist maintains a comprehensive risk-based information security and cybersecurity framework, actively monitoring and evaluating threats, events, and the performance of its business operations. The company's framework aligns with the national institute of standards and technology and the international standards organization, ensuring compliance with applicable regulatory authorities. Truist's cybersecurity strategy is enabled by continuous enhancement of multilayered defenses, including advanced capabilities for early and rapid cyber threat identification, detection, protection, response, and recovery. The company conducts scenario-driven test exercises simulating impacts and consequences developed through analysis of real-world technology incidents, designed to assess the viability of Truist's crisis response and management programs. Truist's technology risk framework defines key objectives, operating model components, risk domains, and capabilities to manage technology risk, ensuring that digital technology evolves in response to market dynamics and client needs. The company utilizes a comprehensive change management program to manage risks associated with integrating heritage BB&T and heritage SunTrust, with oversight and escalation into the merger oversight committee. Truist's merger program is designed to ensure successful integration following the merger through strong governance practices and controls, with processes, metrics, and reporting exemplifying a strong risk culture. The company monitors the performance of its home equity loans and lines secured by second liens, utilizing assumptions specific to these loans in determining the necessary allowance for loan and lease losses. The risk management framework supports the identification, measurement, monitoring, management, and reporting of significant risks arising from exposures and business activities, including operational risk associated with inadequate or failed internal processes, people, and systems. Truist's management of credit risk involves careful initial underwriting and analysis of borrower, transaction, market, and collateral risks, as well as ongoing servicing and monitoring of individual loans and lending relationships. The company's commitment to fostering a culture that supports identification and escalation of risks across the organization is integral to its operational efficiency and organizational effectiveness.