In 2020, we continued to make strategic investments to support our durable operating and financial model that further differentiates Target and is designed to drive sustainable sales and profit growth. We expanded our digital fulfillment capabilities, including fresh and frozen food and beverage products added to order pickup and drive up. During 2020, over 50 percent of our comparable digital sales growth was driven by same-day fulfillment options: order pickup, drive up, and delivery via Shipt. The rapid development and fluidity of the COVID-19 pandemic highlighted the importance of our multi-category portfolio and our decision to put our stores at the center of our strategy. We have implemented numerous safety measures to protect our guests and team members, which included mandating face masks for all team members and guests in our stores and installing distancing markers. Our ability to successfully differentiate our guests' shopping experience through a careful combination of merchandise assortment, price, convenience, and guest experience will drive increasing shopping frequency and the amount spent each visit. The increase in 2020 sales compared to 2019 is due to a 19.3 percent comparable sales increase and the contribution from new stores. We expect that comparable sales growth will drive the majority of our total sales growth. We believe our sources of liquidity will continue to be adequate to maintain operations, finance anticipated expansion and strategic initiatives, fund debt maturities, pay dividends, and execute purchases under our share repurchase program for the foreseeable future. Our investment policy is designed to preserve principal and liquidity of our short-term investments, allowing investments in large money market funds or in highly rated direct short-term instruments. We expect capital expenditures in 2021 of approximately $4.0 billion to support remodels, new stores, and supply chain projects to add replenishment capacity and modernize the network, including sortation centers. We also expect to continue to invest in optimizing front-end space in our highest-volume locations, increasing the efficiency of our pickup and drive up services. Our operating cash flow provided by continuing operations was $10.5 billion in 2020 compared with $7.1 billion in 2019, reflecting stronger operating performance combined with higher payables leverage during 2020 due to increased inventory turnover driven by strong sales. We believe that our ability to effectively support business needs has become key in transforming our firm into a competitive force. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals. Our strategic management practices include monitoring systems and evaluation systems that support our operational efficiency and organizational effectiveness. The collective interaction of a broad array of macroeconomic, competitive, and consumer behavioral factors, as well as sales mix, makes further analysis of sales metrics feasible. We believe that our investments in technology management and digital transformation will enhance our operational flexibility and responsiveness to market dynamics.