The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has led to modifications to our operations, including the implementation of health and safety protocols, which have impacted consumer behavior. We established several global task force teams focused on a broad range of strategies to navigate the company through this global health crisis. The temporary closure of our stores had a material impact on our results of operations, financial position, and liquidity. We expect our capital expenditures in fiscal 2022 will be in the range of approximately $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion, including approximately $0.7 billion to $0.8 billion for our offices and distribution centers (including buying and merchandising systems and other information systems) to support growth. The uncertainties in the global economy may also impact the financial viability or business operations of some of our suppliers and service providers, which may interrupt our supply chain and require other changes to our operations. We have realigned our European division's supply chain to reduce the volume of merchandise flowing between the U.K. and the EU and have established resources and systems to support this plan. Our e-commerce businesses, which represented approximately 3% of net sales for fiscal 2021, did not have a significant impact on year-over-year segment margin comparisons. We plan to make online shopping available on www.homegoods.com in late fiscal 2022. The ongoing pandemic has caused additional challenges, including increased markdowns on merchandise due to the temporary store closures, which have negatively impacted our performance metrics. We have implemented, and plan to continue to implement, cost-saving initiatives to reduce some ongoing variable and discretionary spending. We expect that many of these costs will continue in fiscal 2022. We evaluated the value of our inventory in light of the temporary store closures, resulting in impairment charges related to operating lease right of use assets and store fixed assets. Our liquidity requirements have traditionally been funded through cash generated from operations, supplemented by short-term bank borrowings and the issuance of commercial paper. We believe our existing cash and cash equivalents, internally generated funds, and our credit facilities are adequate to meet our operating needs over the next fiscal year. The challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic on our business continue to evolve. Consequently, we will continue to evaluate our financial position in light of future developments, particularly those relating to the COVID-19 pandemic. We have negotiated rent deferrals for fiscal 2021 for a significant amount of our stores, primarily for second quarter lease payments, with repayment at later dates. We also temporarily extended payment terms on merchandise orders, which increased our accounts payable as of the end of the fiscal year, benefiting our operating cash flows. The impact of foreign currency exchange rates on our results is significant, as we routinely enter into inventory-related hedging instruments to mitigate the impact on earnings of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on merchandise purchases. We continue to monitor developments, including government requirements and recommendations at the national, state, and local level that could result in possible additional impacts to our operations.