The health care market continues to change based on demographic shifts, new regulations, political forces, and both payer and patient expectations. Health plans and care providers are being called upon to work together to close gaps in care and improve overall care quality, improve the health of populations, and reduce costs. We continue to see a greater number of people enrolled in plans with underlying performance-based care provider payment models rewarding high-quality, affordable care and fostering collaboration. We work together with clinicians to leverage our data and analytics to provide the necessary information to close gaps in care and improve overall health outcomes for patients. This trend is creating needs for health management services that can coordinate care around the primary care physician, including new primary care channels, and for investments in new clinical and administrative information and management systems, which we believe provide growth opportunities for our Optum business platform. Our businesses participate in the United States, South America, and certain other international health markets. We expect overall spending on health care to continue to grow in the future, due to inflation, medical technology and pharmaceutical advancement, regulatory requirements, demographic trends in the population, and national interest in health and well-being. The rate of market growth may be affected by a variety of factors, including macro-economic conditions, such as the economic impact of COVID-19, and regulatory changes, which could impact our results of operations, including our continued efforts to control health care costs. We frequently evaluate and adjust our approach in each of the local markets we serve, considering relevant factors, such as product positioning, price competitiveness, and environmental, competitive, legislative, and regulatory considerations. We will continue seeking to balance growth and profitability across all of these dimensions. The commercial risk market remains highly competitive in both the small group and large group segments. We expect broad-based competition to continue as the industry adapts to individual and employer needs. Our OptumInsight revenue and earnings from operations increased primarily due to growth in technology and managed services, partially offset by decreased activity levels in volume-based services due to the impact of COVID-19 on payer and care provider clients. We continue to advocate for actuarially sound rates commensurate with our medical cost trends and remain dedicated to partnering with those states who are committed to the long-term viability of their programs. Our liquidity and financial position are managed in the context of our overall business strategy, continually forecasting and managing our cash, investments, working capital balances, and capital structure to meet the short-term and long-term obligations of our businesses while seeking to maintain liquidity and financial flexibility. We believe our capital resources are sufficient to meet future, short-term and long-term, liquidity needs. The ongoing Medicare Advantage funding pressure places continued importance on effective medical management and ongoing improvements in administrative efficiency. We expect the cash required to meet our long-term obligations to be primarily generated through future cash flows from operations. We continually evaluate opportunities to expand our operations, which include internal development of new products, programs, and technology applications and may include acquisitions.