We have made modifications to enhance safety measures in our operating processes and protocols that support the needs of our customers. Additionally, our digital capabilities allow customers to perform fully contactless transactions. Our general strategy focuses on profitability and return on invested capital, and, in particular, calls for a consistently superior standard of service to customers, often provided through a single lead contact who can coordinate the cross-selling of the various services we offer throughout our network. We utilize a proprietary software application, Total Control®, which provides our key customers with a single in-house software application that enables them to monitor and manage all their equipment needs. Total Control® is a unique customer offering that enables us to develop strong, long-term relationships with our larger customers. Our digital capabilities, including our Total Control® platform, allow our sales teams to provide contactless end-to-end customer service. We continue to implement lean kaizen processes across our branch network, with the objectives of reducing the cycle time associated with renting our equipment to customers; improving invoice accuracy and service quality; reducing the elapsed time for equipment pickup and delivery; and improving the effectiveness and efficiency of our repair and maintenance operations. We believe that the expansion of our trench, power and fluid solutions business, as well as our tools and onsite services offerings, will further position United Rentals as a single source provider of total jobsite solutions through our extensive product and service resources and technology offerings. Our size also gives us greater purchasing power, the ability to provide customers with a broader range of equipment and services, the ability to provide customers with equipment that is more consistently well-maintained and therefore more productive and reliable, and the ability to enhance the earning potential of our assets by transferring equipment among branches to satisfy customer needs. We have executed a strategy focused on improving the profitability of our core equipment rental business through revenue growth, margin expansion, and operational efficiencies. We are currently managing the impact of COVID-19, as discussed above. Our fleet team's analyses are aligned with these objectives to identify trends in equipment categories and define action plans that can generate improved returns. The impact of COVID-19 on our business is discussed throughout this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations. We are focused on ensuring that we maintain ample liquidity to meet our business needs as the impact of COVID-19 evolves. As a result, our current $500 share repurchase program was paused in mid-March 2020. We believe that our existing sources of cash will be sufficient to support our existing operations over the next 12 months. The table below presents financial information associated with our principal sources of cash as of and for the year December 31, 2020: ABL facility: borrowing capacity, net of letters of credit $2,705; outstanding debt, net of debt issuance costs $977; interest rate at December 31, 2020 1.4%. Our digital capabilities allow us to provide enhanced customer service and operational efficiencies, which are critical in responding to market dynamics and ensuring business resilience. The ongoing assessment of the impact of COVID-19 will inform our future purchases and operational strategies.