We invest in scientific innovation to create transformative medicines for people with serious diseases with a focus on specialty markets. We are broadening our pipeline into additional disease areas through internal research efforts and accessing external innovation through business development transactions. We continue to advance our cell and genetic therapy pipeline programs through internal research efforts and investing in business development transactions to access emerging technologies. Our strategy is to combine transformative advances in the understanding of human disease and the science of therapeutics in order to identify and develop new medicines. We believe that pursuing innovative approaches to treat diverse diseases of great unmet need allows us to balance the risks inherent in drug development and may provide drug candidates that will form our pipeline in future years. We expect to continue to grow our business through increasing the number of people eligible and able to receive our medicines and providing improved treatment options. We have entered into collaborations with biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies in order to acquire rights or to license drug candidates or technologies that enhance our pipeline and/or our research capabilities. Our research and development expenses include internal and external costs incurred for research and development of our drugs and drug candidates and expenses related to certain technology that we acquire or license through business development transactions. We have made significant investments in business development transactions designed to augment our pipeline, including the acquisition of companies focused on transformative gene-editing therapies. Our investments in drug candidates are subject to considerable risks, and we closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials, and nonclinical studies. We expect that cash flows from our products together with our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next twelve months. We may enter into additional business development transactions, including acquisitions, collaborations, and equity investments, that require additional capital. Our marketing of pharmaceutical products is subject to extensive and complex laws and regulations, and we have a corporate compliance program designed to actively identify, prevent, and mitigate risk through the implementation of compliance policies and systems. We expect to continue to devote substantial resources to maintain, administer, and expand these compliance programs globally. Our total research expenses have historically fluctuated and are expected to continue to fluctuate, from one period to another due to upfront and milestone payments related to our business development activities. We expect our sales, general, and administrative expenses to continue to increase as we support the launch of our products and expand our pipeline. We will continue to manage our capital structure and will consider all financing opportunities that could strengthen our long-term liquidity profile. The successful development of our drug candidates is highly uncertain and subject to a number of risks, including regulatory compliance and the potential impact of competition on our projections. We believe that our application of accounting policies, including revenue recognition and acquisitions, are critical to fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. We have significant future capital requirements, including expected operating expenses to conduct research and development activities and to operate our organization. We expect to continue to focus significant resources to obtain appropriate reimbursement for our products in ex-U.S. markets.