The company invests with leading seniors housing operators, post-acute providers, and health systems to fund the real estate and infrastructure needed to scale innovative care delivery models and improve people's wellness and overall health care experience. Our asset management process for seniors housing properties generally includes review of monthly financial statements and other operating data for each property, review of obligor/partner creditworthiness, property inspections, and review of covenant compliance relating to licensure, real estate taxes, letters of credit, and other collateral. We evaluate the operating environment in each property's market to determine the likely trend in operating performance of the facility. When we identify unacceptable trends, we seek to mitigate, eliminate, or transfer the risk. Through these efforts, we generally aim to intervene at an early stage to address any negative trends, and in so doing, support both the collectability of revenue and the value of our investment. Our internal property management division manages and monitors the outpatient medical portfolio with a comprehensive process including review of tenant relations, lease expirations, the mix of health service providers, hospital/health system relationships, property performance, capital improvement needs, and market conditions among other things. We expect total portfolio expenses to be elevated during the pandemic and potentially beyond as these additional health and safety measures become standard practice. The covid-19 pandemic has had and may continue to have material and adverse effects on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows in the future. The extent to which the covid-19 pandemic impacts our operations and those of our operators and tenants will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence. Our investments generate cash from net operating income and principal payments on loans receivable. We continuously evaluate opportunities to finance future investments. New investments are generally funded from temporary borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility and commercial paper program, internally generated cash, and the proceeds from investment dispositions. We have a significant development portfolio as of December 31, 2020. To date, we have only experienced minor construction and licensing delays with respect to our development portfolio, but may experience more significant delays in the future. Such disruptions to acquisition, disposition, and development activity may negatively impact our long-term competitive position. We utilize several key performance indicators to evaluate the various aspects of our business. These indicators are discussed below and relate to operating performance, credit strength, and concentration risk. Management uses these key performance indicators to facilitate internal and external comparisons to our historical operating results, in making operating decisions, and for budget planning purposes. Our primary objectives are to protect stockholder capital and enhance stockholder value. We seek to pay consistent cash dividends to stockholders and create opportunities to increase dividend payments to stockholders as a result of annual increases in net operating income and portfolio growth. We believe that net income and net income attributable to common stockholders are the most appropriate earnings measures. Other useful supplemental measures of our operating performance include funds from operations attributable to common stockholders and consolidated net operating income; however, these supplemental measures are not defined by U.S. GAAP.