The company continues to invest and seek opportunities for cost improvement as we remain steadfast in our commitment to improve the profitability and returns of the recycling line of business in any economic environment. We have maintained our focus on converting to a fee-based pricing model that addresses the cost of processing materials and the impact on our cost structure to manage contamination in the recycling stream. The fundamentals of the company continue to remain strong, and we have sufficient liquidity on hand to continue business operations during this volatile period. We believe that the company's industry-leading asset network and strategic focuses on investing in people and our digital platform will give the company the necessary tools to address the challenges presented by the COVID-19 pandemic and the impacts on our industry. In line with our commitment to continuous improvement and a differentiated customer experience, we continue to accelerate our customer service digitalization initiative to change the way we interact with our customers. Enhancements made through this initiative are designed to seamlessly and digitally connect all of the company's functions necessary to provide our customers the best experience and service. Our strategic pricing efforts that are focused on improving our average unit rate have proven to be effective, despite the COVID-19 pandemic. We made certain customer-centric pricing decisions, such as temporarily waiving and suspending certain ancillary service charges as well as delaying price increases in certain markets. These actions negatively impacted our year-to-date average yield. However, beginning in July 2020, we resumed fees and price increases in accordance with contractual terms, and our average yield rebounded as expected. We also provide additional services that are not managed through our solid waste business, including both our WMSBS and EES businesses, recycling brokerage services, landfill gas-to-energy services, and certain other expanded service offerings and solutions. Our selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2020 have increased due to incremental costs incurred in connection with the acquisition and integration of Advanced Disposal, strategic investments in our digital platform, including planned investments in a new enterprise resource planning system, and accelerated investments in customer service digitalization. The increase in the provision for bad debts in 2020 compared with 2019 was primarily due to increased collection risk associated with certain customers as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. We continue to monitor COVID-19 and remain committed to keeping our employees safe by following federal and local laws and regulations. The company has proactively taken steps to put our employees' and customers' needs first, and we continue to work with the appropriate regulatory agencies to ensure we can provide our essential services safely and efficiently. These efforts are, in some instances, reducing short-term revenues or increasing our costs, though they are sound decisions that reflect our focus on the long-term strength of our business. We believe that our digital platform will enhance operational efficiency and support our strategic management practices, ultimately contributing to improved organizational effectiveness and agility in responding to market dynamics and consumer demands.