We are an energy infrastructure company focused on connecting North America's significant hydrocarbon resource plays to growing markets for natural gas and NGLs through our gas pipeline and midstream business. Our operations are located in the United States. Our strategy is to create value by maximizing the utilization of our pipeline capacity by providing high quality, low cost transportation of natural gas to large and growing markets. We focus on consistently attracting new business by providing highly reliable service to our customers. Our ongoing strategy of midstream operations is to safely and reliably operate large-scale midstream infrastructure where our assets can be fully utilized and drive low per-unit costs. We believe that accomplishing these goals will position us to deliver safe and reliable service to our customers and an attractive return to our shareholders. Our business plan includes a continued focus on earnings and cash flow growth, while continuing to improve leverage metrics and control operating costs. We seek to maintain a strong financial position and liquidity, as well as manage a diversified portfolio of energy infrastructure assets that continue to serve key growth markets and supply basins in the United States. Our growth capital and investment expenditures in 2021 are expected to be in a range from $1.0 billion to $1.2 billion, primarily including projects supporting the northeast G&P business and opportunities in the Haynesville area. We are monitoring the COVID-19 pandemic and have taken steps intended to protect the safety of our customers, employees, and communities, and to support the continued delivery of safe and reliable service to our customers and the communities we serve. Our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity have not been materially impacted by direct effects of COVID-19. We continue to monitor developments with respect to the outbreak and adapt our remote working arrangements, which have not significantly impacted our internal controls over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. We believe that the physical nature of services we provide supports the success of our customers. Our gathering lines are physically connected to the customers' wellheads and pads, and there may not be alternative gathering lines nearby. The construction of gathering systems is capital intensive and it would be costly for others to replicate. As a result, we play a critical role in getting customers' production from the wellhead to a marketable condition and location. This tends to reduce collectability risk as our services enable producers to generate operating cash flows. We expect our operating results to benefit from growth in our northeast G&P gathering and processing volumes. We also anticipate increases from Transco expansion projects and higher Gulf of Mexico results primarily due to lower anticipated hurricane impacts. Our growth capital spending primarily includes Transco expansions, all of which are fully contracted with firm transportation agreements. We remain committed to projects that maintain our assets for safe and reliable operations, as well as projects that meet legal, regulatory, and/or contractual commitments. Potential risks and obstacles that could impact the execution of our plan include continued negative impacts of COVID-19 driving a global recession, opposition to, and legal regulations affecting, our infrastructure projects, and unexpected changes in customer drilling and production activities. We are monitoring these risks closely as they could affect our operational flexibility and strategic resource allocation.