Throughout our discussion, we refer to the results of this calculation as the impact of currency exchange rate fluctuations. We operate in the highly competitive omni-channel retail industry in all of the markets we serve. We face strong sales competition from other discount, department, drug, dollar, variety and specialty stores, warehouse clubs and supermarkets, as well as ecommerce businesses. We compete with a number of companies for attracting and retaining quality associates. We, along with other retail companies, are influenced by a number of factors including, but not limited to: catastrophic events, weather, global health epidemics including the ongoing covid-19 pandemic, competitive pressures, consumer disposable income, consumer debt levels and buying patterns, consumer credit availability, cost of goods, currency exchange rate fluctuations, customer preferences, deflation, inflation, fuel and energy prices, general economic conditions, insurance costs, interest rates, labor costs, tax rates, the imposition of tariffs, cybersecurity attacks and unemployment. Our objective of prioritizing strong, efficient growth means we will focus on the most productive growth opportunities, increasing comparable store and club sales, accelerating ecommerce sales growth and expanding omni-channel initiatives while slowing the rate of growth of new stores and clubs. At times, we make strategic investments which are focused on the long-term growth of the company. We invest in technology and process improvements to increase productivity, manage inventory and reduce costs. We believe our returns on capital will improve over time. Our strategy includes improving our customer-facing initiatives in stores and clubs and creating a seamless omni-channel experience for our customers. As such, we are allocating more capital to ecommerce, technology, supply chain, and store remodels and less to new store and club openings. We generated free cash flow of $25.8 billion, $14.6 billion and $17.4 billion for fiscal 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively. Our total revenues, which includes net sales and membership and other income, increased $35.2 billion or 6.7% and $9.6 billion or 1.9% for fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. These increases in revenues were due to increases in net sales, which increased $35.3 billion or 6.8% and $9.6 billion or 1.9% for fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. For fiscal 2021, the increase was primarily due to strong positive comparable sales for the Walmart U.S. and Sam's Club segments as well as positive comparable sales in the majority of our international markets resulting from increased demand stemming from the covid-19 pandemic. Overall net sales growth was strong despite certain operating limitations in several international markets in the second quarter of fiscal 2021 due to government regulations and precautionary measures taken as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. The net sales increase was partially offset by negative fluctuations in currency exchange rates of $5.0 billion. Our gross profit rate increased 20 basis points and decreased 40 basis points for fiscal 2021 and 2020, respectively, when compared to the previous fiscal year. For fiscal 2021, the increase was primarily due to strategic sourcing initiatives, strong sales in higher margin categories, and fewer markdowns. This was partially offset in the Walmart U.S. segment by carryover of prior year price investment as well as the temporary closure of our auto care centers and vision centers in response to the covid-19 pandemic. We leverage operating expenses in fiscal 2021 primarily as a result of strong sales, which were partially offset by $3.2 billion of incremental costs related to the covid-19 pandemic including special bonuses, expanded sick and emergency leave pay, costs associated with outfitting our stores and associates with masks, gloves and sanitizer, and expanded cleaning practices.