Our research and development (R&D) efforts enable us to deliver innovative products to address unmet needs and evolve our product lines so they remain relevant for our customers. We develop products across additional categories to address the needs of veterinarians and producers to predict, prevent, detect and treat conditions in both companion animals and livestock, including products in diagnostics, genetics, precision livestock farming and digital and data analytics. We believe that healthcare insights enabled by data and digital technology and complemented with our comprehensive portfolio of products and solutions will be critical in enhancing care for animals and improving livestock productivity. The importance of quality and safety concerns to pet owners, veterinarians and livestock producers also contributes to animal health brand loyalty, which often continues after the loss of patent-based and regulatory exclusivity. Our investments in one of the industry's largest sales organizations, including our extensive network of technical and veterinary operations specialists, our high-quality manufacturing and reliability of supply, and our long track record of developing products that meet customer needs, has led to enduring and valued relationships with our customers. We seek to drive innovative growth by delivering new products and solutions as well as lifecycle innovations across the continuum of care that spans from disease prediction and prevention to detection and treatment. We are focused on innovating across vaccines, pharmaceuticals, diagnostics, genetics, biodevices, and other product segments, and across all major species. We believe our ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is essential to support and enhance our business strategies and work processes. Our operational growth is defined as revenue or earnings growth excluding the impact of foreign exchange, providing information on the change in revenue and earnings as if foreign currency exchange rates had not changed between the current and prior periods. We believe that the ability of pet owners to purchase our products online and from retail stores may increase pet owner compliance and result in increased sales, particularly in the near term. However, over time, we may be unable to sustain our current margins due to the increased purchasing power of such retailers as compared to traditional veterinary practices. We view the strength of our team and our talented colleagues around the world as a critical component of our past and future success. We are committed to continuing to be a company our colleagues can be proud of and to attracting, retaining and developing the best, most diverse talent in the industry. We strive to make a meaningful difference in society through our sustainability approach, which includes leveraging our innovation capabilities to develop solutions that improve productivity, keep animals healthy, and fight emerging infectious diseases. Our ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities has become key in transforming our firm into a competitive force.