Abbvie depends on information technology and a failure of those systems could have a material adverse effect on Abbvie's business. Abbvie relies on sophisticated software applications and complex information technology systems to operate its business. These systems are potentially vulnerable to malicious intrusion, random attack, loss of data privacy, disruption, degradation or breakdown. Data privacy or security breaches by employees or others may in the future result in the failure of critical business operations. Such breaches may cause sensitive data, including intellectual property, trade secrets or personal information belonging to Abbvie, its patients, customers or business partners, to be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. To date, Abbvie's business or operations have not been materially impacted by such incidents. Although Abbvie has invested in the protection of its data and information technology and also monitors its systems on an ongoing basis, there can be no assurance that these efforts will prevent material breakdowns or breaches in Abbvie's information technology systems that could adversely affect Abbvie's business. Such adverse consequences could include loss of revenue, or the loss of critical or sensitive information from Abbvie's or third-party providers' databases or IT systems and could also result in legal, financial, reputational or business harm to Abbvie and potentially substantial remediation costs. Abbvie's strategy has focused on delivering strong financial results, maximizing the benefits of the Allergan acquisition, advancing and investing in its pipeline and returning value to shareholders while ensuring a strong, sustainable growth business over the long term. The successful discovery, development, manufacturing and sale of biologics is a long, expensive and uncertain process. There are unique risks and uncertainties with biologics. For example, access to and supply of necessary biological materials, such as cell lines, may be limited and governmental regulations restrict access to and regulate the transport and use of such materials. In addition, the development, manufacturing and sale of biologics is subject to regulations that are often more complex and extensive than the regulations applicable to other pharmaceutical products. Manufacturing biologics, especially in large quantities, is often complex and may require the use of innovative technologies. Such manufacturing also requires facilities specifically designed and validated for this purpose and sophisticated quality assurance and quality control procedures. Abbvie's innovations may not be accepted quickly in the marketplace because of existing clinical practices or uncertainty over third-party reimbursement. Abbvie cannot state with certainty when or whether any of its products under development will be launched, whether it will be able to develop, license, or otherwise acquire compounds or products, or whether any products will be commercially successful. Failure to launch successful new products or new indications for existing products may cause Abbvie's products to become obsolete, causing Abbvie's revenues and operating results to suffer. Abbvie's research and development efforts may not succeed in developing and marketing commercially successful products and technologies, which may cause its revenues and profitability to decline. To remain competitive, Abbvie must continue to launch new products and new indications and/or brand extensions for existing products, and such launches must generate revenue sufficient both to cover its substantial research and development costs and to replace revenues of profitable products that are lost to or displaced by competing products or therapies. Failure to do so would have a material adverse effect on Abbvie's revenue and profitability.