We rely on third parties to manufacture our products, and if they are unable to do so on a timely basis in sufficient quantities and using competitive technologies, our business could be materially adversely affected. Our business is dependent upon the proper functioning of our internal business processes and information systems, and modification or interruption of such systems may disrupt our business, processes, and internal controls. Our information technology systems, and those of third-party information technology providers or business partners, may also be vulnerable to damage or disruption caused by circumstances beyond our control including catastrophic events, power anomalies or outages, natural disasters, viruses or malware, cyber-attacks, data breaches, and computer system or network failures, exposing us to significant cost, reputational harm, and disruption or damage to our business. We maintain sensitive data on our information technology (IT) assets, and also may maintain sensitive information on our business partners' and third-party providers' IT assets, including our intellectual property and proprietary or confidential business information relating to our business and that of our customers and business partners. Our ability to design and introduce new products in a timely manner is dependent upon third-party intellectual property. We depend on third-party companies for the design, manufacture, and supply of motherboards, software, memory, and other computer platform components to support our business. We also rely on our AIB partners to support our GPU and APU products. Our products may be subject to security vulnerabilities that could have a material adverse effect on us. The products that we sell are complex and have been and may in the future be subject to security vulnerabilities that could result in, among other things, the loss, corruption, theft, or misuse of confidential data or system performance issues. Cyber threats may come into our network through malicious code that is added to widely available open-source software. Cyber-attacks have become increasingly more prevalent and much harder to detect, defend against, or prevent. Our network and storage applications, as well as those of our customers, business partners, and third-party providers, have been and may be subject to unauthorized access by hackers or breached due to operator error, malfeasance, or other system disruptions. We also maintain confidential and personally identifiable information about our workers and consumers. The confidentiality and integrity of our worker and consumer data is important to our business, and our workers and consumers have a high expectation that we adequately protect their personal information. We anticipate ongoing and increasing costs related to enhancing and implementing information security controls, including costs related to upgrading application, computer, and network security components; training workers to maintain and monitor our security controls; investigating, responding to, and remediating any data security breach, and addressing any related litigation; mitigating reputational harm; and complying with external regulations. Our business processes and information systems need to be sufficiently scalable to support the growth of our business and may require modifications or upgrades that expose us to a number of operational risks. We continuously work on simplifying our information systems and applications through consolidation and standardization efforts. There can be no assurance that our business and operations will not experience any disruption in connection with this transition. If our security controls cannot keep pace with the speed of these changes, or if we are not able to meet regulatory and compliance requirements, our business would be materially adversely affected.