This report contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. A breakdown, cyberattack, or information security breach could compromise the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our information technology systems, network-connected control systems, and data, interrupt the operation of our business, and affect our reputation. We rely on sophisticated information technology systems, including software, mobile applications, cloud services, and network-connected control systems, some of which are managed, hosted, provided, or serviced by third parties. Internal or external events that compromise the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our systems and data may significantly interrupt the operation of our business, result in significant costs, and adversely affect our reputation. Our information technology systems are highly integrated into our business, including our R&D efforts, clinical and commercial manufacturing processes, and product sales and distribution processes. The complexity and interconnected nature of our systems make them potentially vulnerable to breakdown or other service interruptions. Upgrades or changes to our systems or the software that we use may result in the introduction of new cybersecurity vulnerabilities and risks. Our systems are also subject to frequent cyberattacks, which are growing in frequency, sophistication, and intensity, making them increasingly difficult to detect. Such attacks could leave us unable to utilize key business systems or access or protect important data, potentially having a material adverse effect on our ability to operate our business, including developing, gaining regulatory approval for, manufacturing, selling, and distributing our products. We continue to invest in the monitoring, protection, and resilience of our critical and sensitive data and systems. However, there can be no assurances that our efforts will detect, prevent, or fully recover systems or data from all breakdowns, service interruptions, attacks, and breaches of our systems that could adversely affect our business and operations and result in the loss or exposure of critical, proprietary, private, confidential, or otherwise sensitive data. We are also subject to various laws and regulations globally regarding privacy and data protection, including laws and regulations relating to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal data. The legislative and regulatory environment regarding privacy and data protection is continuously evolving and developing and is the subject of significant attention globally. Our business and operations may be negatively affected by the failure, or perceived failure, of achieving our environmental, social, and governance objectives. The effects of global climate change and related natural disasters could negatively affect our business and operations. Our operations and facilities, including those essential to our manufacturing, R&D, and distribution activities, are in locations that are subject to natural disasters. The severity and frequency of weather-related natural disasters have been amplified by global climate change. Such natural disasters have caused, and in the future may cause, damage to and/or disrupt our operations, which may result in a material adverse effect on our product sales, business, and results of operations. We rely on third-party suppliers for certain of our raw materials, medical devices, and components necessary for the manufacturing of our commercial and clinical products. We are dependent on the sustained cooperation and effort of those third-party companies to supply and/or market the devices, and in some cases, to conduct the studies required for approval or clearance by the applicable regulatory agencies.