Our business depends on the overall demand for information technology, network connectivity, and access to data and applications. The networking market is rapidly evolving; if this market does not evolve as we anticipate or our target end customers do not adopt our networking solutions, we may not be able to compete effectively, and our ability to generate revenue will suffer. We face intense competition and industry consolidation, which may harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. We must continue to enhance our existing products and develop new technologies and products that address emerging technological trends, evolving industry standards, and changing end-customer needs. Our cloud networking platforms are well positioned to address the growing cloud networking market and to address increasing performance requirements driven by the growing number of connected devices, as well as the need for constant connectivity and access to data and applications. We expect our research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in software development in order to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform, introduce new products and features, and continue to invest in our technology. Our development model is focused on the development of new products based on our EOS software and enhancements to EOS. The programmability of EOS has allowed us to expand our software applications to address the ever-increasing demands of cloud networking, including workflow automation, network visibility, analytics, and network detection and response. We have also experienced unpredictability in the timing of orders from large end customers primarily due to changes in demand patterns specific to these customers, the time it takes these end customers to evaluate, test, qualify, and accept our products, and the overall complexity of these large orders. Our ability to manage our supply chain may also be adversely affected by factors including geopolitical conditions such as the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the U.S. trade war with China. We have prioritized the protection of our employees during this pandemic, and our manufacturing and supply chain operations have experienced significant constraints, with component shortages, increased supply chain costs, and delays broadly impacting the industry as a whole. We continue to work closely with our contract manufacturers and supply chain partners who have experienced delays in component sourcing, workforce disruptions, and governmental restrictions on the production and export of their products. Our reliance on third-party manufacturers to build our products exposes us to manufacturing delays and pricing fluctuations that could prevent us from shipping end-customer orders on time or on a cost-effective basis. We expect competition to intensify in the future as the market for cloud networking expands and existing competitors and new market entrants introduce new products or enhance existing products. Our ability to compete will depend upon our ability to provide a better solution than our competitors at a more competitive price. We also expect increased competition if our market continues to expand. Our success in these new markets depends on our ability to develop new products, new product features, and services that address customer requirements for these markets, attract a customer base in markets in which we have less experience, compete with new and existing competitors in these adjacent markets, and gain market acceptance of our new products.