We rely on information technology (IT) systems, including technology from third-party vendors, to process, transmit and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations. The size and complexity of our IT systems make them vulnerable to a cyber-attack, malicious intrusion, breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy, or other significant disruption. Our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving systems and regulatory standards, the increasing need to protect patient and customer information and changing customer patterns. Digital technologies have and may continue to increase in their applicability and importance to various aspects of our business, operating and competitive environments, R&D pipeline and product portfolio. We believe we will need to develop new and enhanced digital capabilities and competences in order to remain competitive. Our ability to manufacture our products is highly dependent on our ability to maintain the safety and health of our employees. The ability of our employees to work may be significantly impacted by employees contracting or being exposed to COVID-19. We have successfully implemented business continuity plans including establishing a medical advisory group for employees, leveraging work from home infrastructure to facilitate social distancing and accelerating capabilities to provide remote physician support. Our strategic acquisitions, investments and alliances are intended to further expand our ability to offer customers effective, high-quality medical devices. These acquisitions, investments and alliances have been a significant source of our growth. We face competition for acquisitions from other healthcare and non-healthcare acquirers, financial sponsors, and from the market for initial public offerings (IPOs). Our integration of acquired businesses requires significant efforts, including corporate restructuring and the coordination of information technologies, research and development, sales and marketing, operations, regulatory, supply chain, manufacturing, quality systems and finance. Our failure to manage successfully and coordinate the growth of the acquired companies could have an adverse impact on our business and our future growth. We expect that market demand, government regulation, third-party coverage and reimbursement policies, government contracting requirements and societal pressures will continue to change the worldwide healthcare industry, resulting in further business consolidations and alliances among our customers, which may increase competition, exert further downward pressure on the prices of our products and services and may adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. We rely on the proper function, availability and security of information technology systems to operate our business and a cyber-attack or other breach of these systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We also grow our company through acquisitions and may face risks associated with defects and vulnerabilities in their systems as we work to integrate the acquisitions into our IT system. We believe that we meet the expectations of applicable regulations and that the ongoing costs and impacts of ensuring compliance with such rules are not material to our business. However, there is no guarantee that we will avoid enforcement actions by governmental bodies or civil actions based on this growing body of regulations. Any failure by us to maintain or protect our information technology systems, products and data integrity, including from cyber-attacks, intrusions or other breaches, could result in the unauthorized access to patient data and personally identifiable information, theft of intellectual property or other misappropriation of assets, or otherwise compromise our confidential or proprietary information and disrupt our operations.