Our business, results of operations, and financial condition have been adversely affected and could in the future be materially adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. The pandemic has driven organizations across the globe to digitize their operations and support remote workforces at a faster speed and greater scale than ever before. We continue to address supply chain challenges and cost impacts, which we expect will continue at least through the first half of fiscal 2022 and potentially into the second half of fiscal 2022. The recent shift to a remote working environment creates challenges that impact our ability to enhance, develop, and support existing products and services. The pandemic may also result in long-term changes in customer needs for our products and services, along with IT-related capital spending reductions or shifts in spending focus, that could materially adversely affect us if we are unable to adjust our product and service offerings to match customer needs. Our strategy is to help our customers connect, secure, and automate in order to accelerate their digital agility in a cloud-first world. We believe that our customers are looking for outcomes that are data-driven and provide meaningful business value through automation, security, and analytics across private, hybrid, and multicloud environments. We have partnered with several of our key suppliers utilizing our volume purchasing and extending supply coverage, including revising supplier arrangements, to address supply chain challenges. Our operating results depend on our ability to develop and introduce new products and services into existing and emerging markets and to reduce the production costs of existing products. The transformation of our business to deliver more software and subscription offerings where revenue is recognized over time reflects our focus on enhancing our IT capabilities. Our investments in engineering, sales, service, and marketing activities are intended to support our strategic priorities and drive profitable growth over the long term. We have experienced component shortages in the past, including shortages caused by manufacturing process issues, that have affected our operations, including longer than normal lead times. We continue to monitor the pandemic and take appropriate actions in accordance with the recommendations and requirements of relevant authorities. The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operational and financial performance is currently uncertain and will depend on many factors outside our control, including the timing, extent, trajectory, and duration of the pandemic. Our growth and ability to meet customer demands depend in part on our ability to obtain timely deliveries of parts from our suppliers and contract manufacturers. The markets for our products and services are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, new product and service introductions, and evolving methods of building and operating networks. We must commit significant resources, including the investments we have been making in our strategic priorities to developing new products and services before knowing whether our investments will result in products and services the market will accept. Our business could be harmed if we do not introduce products related to network programmability, such as software-defined networking products, in a timely fashion. We are integrating our platforms across networking, security, collaboration, applications, and the cloud, designed to help our customers manage more users, devices, and things connecting to their networks. Our IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals.