The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has had, and may continue to have, adverse impacts on our business and may amplify many of our other known risks. Our ability to enhance our current products and services and to develop and introduce innovative products and services will significantly affect our future success. We must anticipate and respond to these changes in order to remain competitive within our relevant markets. Our ability to provide innovative point-of-sale technology to our merchant clients could have an impact on our merchant acquiring business. The markets for our products and services are characterized by constant and rapid technological change, frequent introduction of new products and services, and increasing client expectations. We expect that financial institutions will continue to invest significant capital and human resources to process transactions, manage information, maintain regulatory compliance, and offer innovative new services to their customers in this rapidly evolving and competitive environment. We believe that our sizable and diverse client base, combined with valued partnerships with merchant acquiring businesses of small, medium, and large financial institutions, gives us a solid foundation for growth. Our business depends, in part, on our merchant relationships and alliances, and if we are unable to maintain these relationships and alliances, our business may be adversely affected. We operate in a competitive business environment and may not be able to compete effectively. Our principal competitors include other vendors and providers of financial services technology and payment systems. Our competitors vary in size and in the scope and breadth of the services they offer. Many of our larger existing and potential clients have historically developed their key applications in-house. As a result, we may compete against our existing or potential clients' in-house capabilities. The success of certain of our products and services relies, in part, on financial institutions, corporate, and other third parties to promote the use of our products and services by their customers. If we are unable to anticipate or respond to technological changes or evolving industry standards on a timely basis, our ability to remain competitive could be materially adversely affected. We have implemented integration plans focused on reducing our overall cost structure, including eliminating duplicate costs. Our operations depend on receiving, storing, processing, and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, our employees, our clients, and their customers. Preserving the confidentiality of sensitive business and personal information is critical to our business. Any unauthorized access, intrusion, infiltration, network disruption, denial of service, or similar incident could disrupt the integrity, continuity, security, and trust of our systems or data. We expect to continue to invest significant resources to maintain and enhance our information security and controls or to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. We may experience software defects, development delays, or installation difficulties, which would harm our business and reputation and expose us to potential liability. Our ability to provide our services effectively relies on the reliability of our processing and other systems. An operational failure could involve the hardware, software, data, networks, or systems upon which we rely to deliver our services and could be caused by our actions, the actions of third parties, or events over which we may have limited or no control. The integration of our products and services creates a compelling value proposition for our clients by providing, among other things, new sources of revenue and opportunities to reduce their costs. Our focus on long-term client relationships and recurring, transaction-oriented products and services has also reduced the impact that consolidation in the financial services industry has had on us.