Our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process and monitor, on a daily basis, a very large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex and occur at high volumes and frequencies, across numerous and diverse markets in many currencies. As our client base, including through our consumer businesses, and our geographical reach expand and the volume, speed, frequency and complexity of transactions, especially electronic transactions, increase, developing and maintaining our operational systems and infrastructure becomes more challenging. We must continuously update these systems to support our operations and growth and to respond to changes in regulations and markets, and invest heavily in systemic controls and training to pursue our objective of ensuring that such transactions do not violate applicable rules and regulations or, due to errors in processing such transactions, adversely affect markets, our clients and counterparties or us. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other information in our computer systems and networks and those of our vendors. We are regularly the target of attempted cyber attacks, including denial-of-service attacks, and must continuously monitor and develop our systems to protect the integrity and functionality of our technology infrastructure and access to and the security of our data. We have faced an increasing number of attempted cyber attacks as we expand our mobile- and other internet-based products and services, as well as our usage of mobile and cloud technologies. The increasing migration of our communication from devices we provide to employee-owned devices presents additional risks of cyber attacks, as do work-from-home arrangements such as those implemented in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. We seek to minimize the occurrence and impact of unauthorized access, disruption or use of information and/or information systems. We deploy and operate preventive and detective controls and processes to mitigate emerging and evolving information security and cyber security threats, including monitoring our network for known vulnerabilities and signs of unauthorized attempts to access our data and systems. Our risk management processes seek to balance our ability to profit from market-making, investing or lending positions, and underwriting activities, with our exposure to potential losses. We have established a comprehensive governance structure to manage and oversee our day-to-day capital management activities and compliance with capital rules and related policies. Our capital management framework is designed to provide us with the information needed to comprehensively manage risk, and develop and apply projected stress scenarios that capture idiosyncratic vulnerabilities with a goal of holding sufficient capital to remain adequately capitalized even after experiencing a severe stress event. Our liquidity risk management policies are designed to ensure we have a sufficient amount of financing, even when funding markets experience persistent stress. We manage the maturities and diversity of our funding across markets, products and counterparties, and seek to maintain a diversified funding profile with an appropriate tenor, taking into consideration the characteristics and liquidity profile of our assets. Our liquidity risk management framework is designed to provide a well-controlled environment to minimize operational risks. We have established policies that require all employees to report and escalate operational risk events. The firmwide operational risk and resilience committee is responsible for overseeing operational risk, and for ensuring our business and operational resilience. Our operational risk management framework is designed to comply with the operational risk measurement rules under the capital framework and has evolved based on the changing needs of our businesses and regulatory guidance.