Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, many of which could cause our future results to be materially different than we presently anticipate. The manner in which we respond to future developments as well as our competitors' reactions to those developments may affect our future operating results. We face intense competitive pressures that may harm our operating results. Future revenue growth depends upon our ability to adapt to technological change as well as global trends in the way customers access software offerings and successfully introduce new and enhanced products, services, and business models. We must continue to innovate and develop new products and features to meet the changing needs of our customers and partners and attract and retain talented software developers. We need to continue to develop our skills, tools, and capabilities to capitalize on existing and emerging technologies, which requires us to devote significant resources. Our business operations, information technology, and communications systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, climate change, human error, malicious attacks, fire, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses and malware, computer denial of service attacks, terrorist attacks, public health emergencies, and other events beyond our control. We have designed a significant portion of our software and computer systems to utilize data processing and storage capabilities provided by public cloud providers. If any public cloud service that we use is unavailable to us for any reason, our customers may not be able to access certain of our cloud products or features, which could significantly impact our operations, business, and financial results. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our customers is dependent upon the reliable performance of our products and our underlying technical infrastructure. We are continually investing resources to update and improve these systems and environments in order to meet existing needs, as well as the growing and changing requirements of our business and customers. If we experience prolonged delays or unforeseen difficulties in updating and upgrading our systems and architecture, we may experience outages and may not be able to deliver certain offerings and develop new offerings and enhancements that we need to remain competitive. We have also invested, and in the future, expect to invest in new business models, geographies, strategies, and initiatives. Such endeavors may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, expenses associated with the initiatives, and inadequate return on investments. Our growth is increasingly dependent on the strength of our business relationships and our ability to continue to develop, manage, and maintain new and existing relationships with third-party partners. We rely on various third-party partners, including software and service providers, suppliers, credit reporting bureaus, vendors, manufacturers, distributors, accountants, contractors, financial institutions, core processors, licensing partners, and development partners, among others, in many areas of our business in order to deliver our offerings and operate our business. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. We have received ISO 27001 certification for a portion of our systems and we continue to invest in security measures and to work with the broader industry and government to protect our customers against this type of fraud.