The company relies on networks and information systems and other technology to support a variety of business processes and activities, including procurement and supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection of payments, employee processes, consumer marketing, mergers and acquisitions, and research and development. Information systems are critical to many of the company's operating activities, and the business may be impacted by system shutdowns, service disruptions, or cybersecurity incidents. These incidents may be caused by failures during routine operations such as system upgrades or by user errors, as well as network or hardware failures, malicious or disruptive software, unintentional or malicious actions of employees or contractors, cyberattacks by hackers, criminal groups, or nation-state organizations, geopolitical events, natural disasters, failures or impairments of telecommunications networks, or other catastrophic events. The company continues to make investments in personnel, technologies, and training to address risks to its information systems. Data protection laws and regulations around the world require "reasonable," "appropriate," or "adequate" technical and organizational security measures, and the interpretation and application of those laws and regulations are often uncertain and evolving. The company maintains an information risk management program supervised by information technology management and reviewed by a cross-functional committee. Reports that include analysis of emerging risks, as well as the company's plans and strategies to address them, are regularly presented to senior management and the audit committee of the board of directors. The digital evolution is affecting how the company interacts with consumers, customers, suppliers, bottlers, and other business partners and stakeholders. The company believes that its future success will depend in part on its ability to adapt to and thrive in the digital environment. One of its top priorities is to digitize the coca-cola system by creating more relevant and personalized experiences wherever the system interacts with consumers, finding ways to create more powerful digital tools and capabilities for the coca-cola system's retail customers, and digitizing operations through the use of data, artificial intelligence, automation, robotics, and digital devices to increase efficiency and productivity. If the company is not successful in its efforts to digitize the coca-cola system, its ability to increase sales and reduce costs may be negatively affected. The company also relies on relationships with third parties, including cloud data storage and other information technology service providers, suppliers, distributors, contractors, joint venture partners, and other external business partners, for certain functions or for services in support of key portions of its operations. These third-party service providers and business partners may not fulfill their respective commitments and responsibilities in a timely manner and in accordance with the agreed-upon terms. The company has procedures in place for selecting and managing its relationships with third-party service providers and other business partners, but it does not have control over their business operations or governance and compliance systems, practices, and procedures, which increases its financial, legal, reputational, and operational risk. If the company is unable to effectively manage its third-party relationships, or if its third-party service providers or business partners fail to satisfactorily fulfill their commitments and responsibilities, its financial results could suffer.