In our training and logistics solutions portfolio, we have active programs and pursuits in the United Kingdom, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Canada, Singapore, Australia, Germany, and France. We also incur capital expenditures for information technology to support programs and general enterprise information technology infrastructure, inclusive of costs for the development or purchase of internal-use software. Our multi-mission surface combatant (MMSC) program will provide surface combatant ships for international customers, such as the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, designed to operate in shallow waters and the open ocean. The majority of our capital expenditures for 2021 and those planned for 2022 are for equipment, facilities infrastructure, and information technology. We expect to continue to invest in our business and technologies through capital expenditures, independent research and development, and selective business acquisitions and investments. Our investment strategy includes the acquisition of businesses and investments at attractive valuations that will expand or complement our current portfolio and allow access to new customers or technologies. We also may explore the divestiture of businesses that no longer meet our needs or strategy or that could perform better outside of our organization. We have ongoing combat systems programs associated with different classes of surface combatant ships for customers in Canada, Chile, and New Zealand. Our aeronautics business segment includes our largest program, the F-35 Lightning II Joint Strike Fighter, an international multi-role, multi-variant, stealth fighter aircraft. The F-35 program primarily consists of production contracts, sustainment activities, and new development efforts. Production of the aircraft is expected to continue for many years given the U.S. government's current inventory objective of 2,456 aircraft for the U.S. Air Force, U.S. Marine Corps, and U.S. Navy; commitments from our seven international partner countries and six international customers; as well as expressions of interest from other countries. We recognize revenue as performance obligations are satisfied and the customer obtains control of the products and services. For performance obligations to deliver products with continuous transfer of control to the customer, revenue is recognized based on the extent of progress towards completion of the performance obligation, generally using the percentage-of-completion cost-to-cost measure of progress for our contracts because it best depicts the transfer of control to the customer as we incur costs on our contracts. We are committed to flowing down the benefits received from the DoD's modification of the progress payment rate to our supply chain partners. As of December 31, 2021, we have accelerated $2.2 billion of payments to our suppliers that are due by their terms in future periods. We will continue to monitor risk driven by the pandemic and, based on our current assessment, we expect to continue to accelerate payments to our suppliers based on risk assessed need through the end of 2022. Our contracts generally allow for the recovery of costs in the pricing of our products and services. Most of our contracts are bid and negotiated with our customers under circumstances in which we are required to disclose our estimated total costs to provide the product or service. This approach for negotiating contracts with our U.S. government customers generally allows for recovery of our actual costs plus a reasonable profit margin. We also may enter into long-term supply contracts for certain materials or components to coincide with the production schedule of certain products and to ensure their availability at known unit prices. We evaluate the products or services promised in each contract at inception to determine whether the contract should be accounted for as having one or more performance obligations. The products and services in our contracts are typically not distinct from one another due to their complex relationships and the significant contract management functions required to perform under the contract.