We may not be able to realize the benefits of our strategic initiatives focused on omnichannel sales and marketing presence if we fail to deliver the capabilities required to execute on them. Our interactions with customers have evolved into an omnichannel experience as they increasingly are using computers, tablets, mobile phones, and other electronic devices to shop in our stores and online and provide feedback and public commentary about all aspects of our business. Our customer-facing technology systems must appeal to our customers, function as designed and provide a consistent customer experience. We also need to collect, use and share relevant customer data to effectively meet customer expectations of a more personalized experience. The success of our strategic initiatives to adapt our business concept to our customers' changing shopping habits and demands and changing demographics have required us to and will continue to require us to deliver large, complex programs requiring integrated planning, initiative prioritization, and program sequencing. These initiatives have required and will continue to require new competencies in many positions, and our management, employees and contractors have had to and will need to continue to adapt and learn new skills and capabilities. Failure to identify such trends, adapt our business concept, implement an increasingly localized merchandising assortment, improve and maintain safe stores, and implement change, growth, productivity and other strategic initiatives successfully could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for the home improvement products and services we sell, the rate of growth of our business, our market share, and results of operations. Our ability to be competitive on delivery times, delivery costs, and delivery options depends on many factors, including successful implementation and the continued maintenance of our initiatives related to supply chain transformation, including our market-based delivery model. Our financial performance could be adversely affected if our information systems or the information systems of third-party vendors are seriously disrupted or we fail to properly maintain, improve, upgrade and expand those systems. Our efforts to provide an omnichannel experience for our customers include investing in, maintaining and making ongoing improvements of our existing information systems that support operations, such as sales, inventory replenishment, merchandise ordering, project design and execution, transportation, receipt processing and fulfillment. Our systems and the systems of third-party vendors are subject to damage or interruption as a result of catastrophic events, power outages, viruses, malicious attacks and telecommunications failures, or other vulnerabilities and irregularities, and as a result we may incur significant expense, data loss, as well as an erosion of customer confidence. Additionally, we continually make investments in our systems which may introduce disruption. Performance issues with these customer-facing technology systems, including temporary outages caused by distributed denial of service, ransomware, or other cyber-attacks, or a complete failure of one or more of them without a disaster recovery plan that can be quickly implemented, could quickly destroy the positive benefits they provide to our home improvement business and negatively affect our customers' perceptions of us as a reliable online vendor and source of information about home improvement products and services. Our business and our reputation could be adversely affected by cybersecurity incidents and the failure to protect customer, employee, vendor, or company information or to comply with evolving regulations relating to our obligation to protect our systems, assets and such information. Cyber attacks and tactics designed to gain access to and exploit sensitive information by breaching mission critical systems of large organizations are constantly evolving, and high profile security breaches leading to unauthorized release of sensitive customer information have occurred in recent years with increasing frequency at a number of major U.S. companies, including several large retailers, despite widespread recognition of the cyber-attack threat and improved data protection methods.