We rely on the efficient, uninterrupted and secure operation of complex information technology systems and networks to operate our business and securely process, transmit and store electronic information. Our information technology systems and safety control systems, and those of our numerous third-party providers, are potentially vulnerable to unauthorized access, damage or interruption from a variety of external threats, including cyberattacks, computer viruses and other malware. Cyberattacks are increasing in frequency and evolving in nature, and we are at risk of attack by a variety of adversaries, including state-sponsored organizations, organized crime, and hackers. The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems include computer viruses, malicious or destructive code, ransomware, and social engineering attacks. The breadth and complexity of the technologies we use and the software and platforms we develop continue to grow, increasing the potential risk of security breaches and cyber-attacks. Our efforts to improve and protect data from compromise may also identify previously undiscovered instances of security breaches or other cyber incidents. We face significant competitive pressures in each of our businesses, including from disintermediation, as our competitive landscape continues to evolve. Our business performance and growth plans could be negatively affected if we are not able to develop and implement improvements in technology or respond effectively to the threat of digital disruption and other technological change. We depend in large part on our technology systems for conducting business, as well as for providing the data and analytics we use to manage our business. Our business success is dependent on maintaining the effectiveness of existing technology systems and on continuing to develop and enhance technology systems that support our business processes and strategic initiatives in a cost and resource-efficient manner. We have a number of strategic initiatives involving investments in or partnerships with technology companies as part of our growth strategy, as well as investments in technology and infrastructure to support our own systems. These investments may be costly and require significant capital expenditures, and may not deliver the benefits or perform as expected. We also depend on key vendors and partners to provide technology and other support for our strategic initiatives. If these vendors or partners fail to perform their obligations or otherwise cease to work with us, our ability to execute on our strategic initiatives could be adversely affected. The competition for talent in the data privacy and cybersecurity space is intense, and we may also be unable to hire, develop or retain suitable talent capable of adequately detecting, mitigating or remediating these risks. Our information systems must be continually updated, patched, and upgraded to protect against known vulnerabilities. The volume of new software vulnerabilities has increased markedly, as has the criticality of patches and other remedial measures. We are also dependent on third-party vendors to keep their systems patched and secure in order to protect our data. Any failure related to these activities could have a material adverse effect on our business. We have experienced data incidents and cybersecurity breaches, such as malware incursions, vulnerabilities in the software on which we rely, and incidents resulting from human error. Our business operations depend on the continued availability of our personnel, our office facilities, and the proper functioning of our computer, telecommunication, and other related systems and operations. A disaster or other continuity event on a significant scale could materially interrupt our business operations and result in material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm, and legal liability.