The company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated software applications and computing infrastructure. In 2017, the company experienced a network cyber-attack that led to a disruption of its worldwide operations, including manufacturing, research, and sales operations. The company could be a target of future cyber-attacks. The company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated software applications, complex information technology systems, computing infrastructure, and cloud service providers to conduct critical operations. Disruption, degradation, or manipulation of these IT systems through intentional or accidental means by the company's employees, third parties with authorized access, or unauthorized third parties could adversely affect key business processes. Cyber-attacks against the company's IT systems or third-party providers' IT systems could result in exposure of confidential information, the modification of critical data, and/or the failure of critical operations. The company continues to leverage new and innovative technologies across the enterprise to improve the efficacy and efficiency of its business processes, including data acquisition. The company has implemented a variety of measures to further enhance and modernize its systems to guard against similar attacks in the future, and is pursuing an enterprise-wide effort to enhance the company's resiliency against future cyber-attacks, including incidents similar to the 2017 attack. The objective of these efforts is not only to protect against future cyber-attacks but also to improve the speed of the company's recovery from such attacks and enable continued business operations to the greatest extent possible during any recovery period. The company monitors its data, information technology, and personnel usage of company IT systems to reduce these risks and continues to do so on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. The company is also dependent on third-party relationships and outsourcing arrangements for key aspects of its business, including support for its information technology systems. Failure of these third parties to meet their contractual, regulatory, and other obligations to the company could have a material adverse effect on the company's business. The company faces challenges related to the reliance on third-party relationships and outsourcing arrangements that could materially adversely affect its business. The company recognizes the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. The company's IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. The company continues to invest in its IT architecture and digital infrastructure to support its operational efficiency and enhance its capability to respond to market dynamics and competitive actions. The company is committed to improving its IT governance and management practices to ensure the reliability and security of its information systems. The company's ability to effectively support business needs through its IT capabilities has become a key factor in transforming the firm into a competitive force in the market.