Our ability to remain competitive depends on our success in making innovative products, devices, and services that appeal to businesses and consumers. We face intense competition across all markets for our products and services, which may lead to lower revenue or operating margins. The competitive pressures described above may cause decreased sales volumes, price reductions, and/or increased operating costs, such as for research and development, marketing, and sales incentives. Our increasing focus on cloud-based services presents execution and competitive risks. We are devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based strategies. Our success in the Internet of Things (IoT) will depend on the level of adoption of our offerings such as Azure, Azure Stack, Azure IoT Edge, and Azure Sphere. We may not establish market share sufficient to achieve scale necessary to achieve our business objectives. Our strategic vision is to compete and grow by building best-in-class platforms and productivity services for an intelligent cloud and an intelligent edge infused with artificial intelligence (AI). We must continue to evolve and adapt over an extended time in pace with this changing environment. The investments we are making in infrastructure and devices will continue to increase our operating costs and may decrease our operating margins. Our data handling practices across our products and services will continue to be under scrutiny and perceptions of mismanagement could negatively impact product and feature adoption, product design, and product quality. Cyberattacks and security vulnerabilities could lead to reduced revenue, increased costs, liability claims, or harm to our reputation or competitive position. Security of our information technology is critical, and threats to IT security can take a variety of forms. We may have no current capability to detect certain vulnerabilities, which may allow them to persist in the environment over long periods. Breaches of our facilities, network, or data security could disrupt the security of our systems and business applications, impair our ability to provide services to our customers, and protect the privacy of their data. Our internal IT environment continues to evolve, and we embrace new ways of sharing data and communicating internally and with partners and customers. We must continuously engineer more secure products and services, enhance security and reliability features, and improve the deployment of software updates to address security vulnerabilities in our own products as well as those provided by others. Our customers operate complex IT systems with third-party hardware and software from multiple vendors, which may include systems acquired over many years. They expect our products and services to support all these systems and products. The development of the IoT presents security, privacy, and execution risks. IoT solutions may collect large amounts of data, and our handling of IoT data may not satisfy customers or regulatory requirements. If IoT solutions that include our technologies do not work as intended, we may be subject to legal claims or enforcement actions. Our ability to use data effectively is becoming central to the value of the services we deliver to customers, to our operational efficiency, and key opportunities in monetization. Compliance with applicable laws and regulations regarding personal data may require changes in services, business practices, or internal systems that result in increased costs, lower revenue, reduced efficiency, or greater difficulty in competing with foreign-based firms.