We increasingly rely on third-party resources and their subcontractors/suppliers to manufacture some of our products and product parts, particularly, the electronic devices and accessories, and to provide services, including to support our finance, commercialization and information technology processes. While many of these arrangements improve efficiencies and decrease our operating costs, they also diminish our direct control. Such diminished control may have a material adverse effect on the quality and availability of products or services, our supply chain, and the speed and flexibility in our response to changing market conditions and adult consumer preferences, all of which may place us at a competitive disadvantage. We are continuously evolving our approach to business continuity planning and backups to provide appropriate business resilience, particularly in light of the increasing cyber threat landscape. Nevertheless, failure of these systems to function as intended, or penetration of these systems and systems owned and operated by our business partners by parties intent on extracting or corrupting information or otherwise disrupting business processes, could place us at a competitive disadvantage, result in a loss of revenue, assets, including our intellectual property, personal or other sensitive data, result in litigation and regulatory action, cause damage to our reputation and that of our brands and result in significant remediation and other costs. We cannot predict whether regulators will permit the sale and/or marketing of reduced-risk products with scientifically substantiated information and claims. Such restrictions could limit the success of our reduced-risk products. Our key strategic priorities are to develop and commercialize products that present less risk of harm to adult smokers who switch to those products versus continued smoking, and to effectively advocate for a timely development of science-based regulatory frameworks for the development and commercialization of reduced-risk products, including communication of scientifically substantiated information to enable adult smokers to make better consumer choices. We face intense competition, and our failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and results of operations. We compete primarily on the basis of product quality, brand recognition, brand loyalty, taste, R&D, innovation, packaging, customer service, marketing, advertising and retail price, and increasingly, adult smoker willingness to convert to our reduced-risk products. The competitive environment and our competitive position can be significantly influenced by weak economic conditions, erosion of consumer confidence, competitors' introduction of lower-price products or innovative products, higher tobacco product taxes, higher absolute prices and larger gaps between retail price categories, and product regulation that diminishes the ability to differentiate tobacco products and restricts adult consumer access to truthful and non-misleading information about our reduced-risk products. Our business is subject to changes in adult consumer preferences, which may be influenced by local economic conditions, accessibility to our products and availability of accurate information related to our products. We must continue transforming our culture and ways of working, align our talent and organizational design with our increasingly complex business needs, and innovate and transform to a consumer-centric business. We may be unable to attract, motivate and retain the best global talent with the right degree of diversity, experience and skills to achieve our strategic goals. The impact of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has created significant societal and economic disruption, and resulted in closures of stores, factories and offices, and restrictions on manufacturing, distribution and travel, all of which have and will continue to adversely impact our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position.