Our success depends substantially on the value of our brands and failure to preserve their value could have a negative impact on our financial results. We believe we must preserve, grow and leverage the value of our brands across all sales channels. Brand value is based in part on consumer perceptions on a variety of subjective qualities. Business incidents that erode consumer trust can significantly reduce brand value and may negatively impact our financial results. The ongoing relevance of our brand may depend on the success of our people- and planet-positive initiatives, which require company-wide coordination and alignment. We are working to manage risks and costs related to climate change and diminishing resources, including increased public focus on environmental sustainability matters. Our global business strategy relies significantly on a variety of business partners, including licensee and joint venture relationships, third-party manufacturers, distributors, and retailers. We provide training and support to, and monitor the operations of, certain of these licensees and other business partners. However, the product quality and service they deliver may still be diminished by factors beyond our control. We face risks related to cybersecurity and data privacy, including unauthorized access, use, theft, or destruction of customer or employee data. Many of our information technology systems contain personal, financial, or other information that is entrusted to us by our customers and employees. We rely heavily on information technology systems across our operations for numerous purposes, including point-of-sale processing, management of our supply chain, online business, and various other processes and transactions. The success of several of our initiatives to drive growth is highly dependent on our technology systems. We also rely on third-party providers and platforms for some of these information technology systems and support. Our systems hardware, software, and services provided by third-party service providers are not fully redundant within a market or across our markets. Although we have operational safeguards in place, they may not be effective in preventing the failure of these systems or platforms to operate effectively. Such failures may be caused by various factors, including power outages, climate change-related impacts, catastrophic events, and inadequate or ineffective redundancy. If our incident response, disaster recovery, and business continuity plans do not resolve these issues effectively and timely, they could result in an interruption in our operations and could cause material negative impacts to our product availability and sales, the efficiency of our operations, and our financial results. We may not be successful in implementing important strategic initiatives or effectively managing growth, which may have an adverse impact on our business and financial results. Our continued success depends on our ability to attract and retain customers, and our financial results could be adversely affected by a shift in consumer spending away from outside-the-home food and beverages. We may not be successful in our marketing, promotional, and advertising plans and pricing strategies, which depend in part on our ability to adjust our marketing and promotional plans to respond quickly and effectively to shifting economic and competitive conditions. The complexity of the regulatory environment in which we operate and the related costs of compliance are both increasing due to additional or changing legal and regulatory requirements.