We rely extensively on information technology (IT) systems to conduct business. We depend on networks and services, including internet sites, cloud and SaaS solutions, data hosting and processing facilities, and tools and other hardware, software, and technical applications and platforms, some of which are managed, hosted, provided, and/or used by third parties or their vendors, to assist in conducting our business. Numerous and evolving cybersecurity threats have posed, and will continue to pose, risks to the security of our IT systems, networks, and product offerings, as well as the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data. A security breach, whether of our products, of our customers' network security and systems, or of third-party hosting services, could impact the use of such products and the security of information stored therein. While we have made investments seeking to address these threats, including monitoring of networks and systems, hiring of experts, employee training, and security policies for employees and third-party providers, the techniques used in these attacks change frequently and may be difficult to detect for periods of time. We may face difficulties in anticipating and implementing adequate preventative measures. An inability to successfully manage the implementation of our new commercial global enterprise resource planning (ERP) system could adversely affect our operations and operating results. This system will replace many of our existing operating and financial systems. Any disruptions, delays, or deficiencies in the design and implementation of our new ERP system could adversely affect our ability to process orders, ship products, provide services and customer support, send invoices and track payments, fulfill contractual obligations, or otherwise operate our business. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, a significant and unpredictable need to adjust our operations as market demand for certain of our products has shifted and continues to shift. We have observed an overall tightening and increasingly competitive labor market due to labor shortages caused in part by the COVID-19 pandemic, which has included increased wages offered by other employers and voluntary attrition of our employees and the employees of our third-party suppliers, manufacturers, distributors, and customers. Our ability to market, distribute, and sell our products through indirect channels has been adversely affected as a result of precautionary responses to the COVID-19 pandemic, including travel restrictions, suspension and shutdown orders, and other measures intended to limit person-to-person contact. Our relationships with our employees may be disrupted due to measures implemented in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. We could experience delays in, or the suspension of, our manufacturing operations, sales activities, research and product development activities, regulatory work streams, clinical development programs, and other important commercial and corporate functions. We are subject to various risks and uncertainties that could materially and adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations. Our management must determine the appropriate allocation of income to each jurisdiction based on current interpretations of complex income tax regulations. We are subject to extensive governmental regulation relating to the classification, manufacturing, sterilization, labeling, marketing, and sale of our products. The process of obtaining regulatory clearances and/or approvals to market and sell our products can be costly and time-consuming, and the clearances and/or approvals might not be granted timely. If we fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, we may be subject to a range of sanctions, including substantial fines, warning letters that require corrective action, product seizures, recalls, and exclusion from future participation in government healthcare programs.