Our business depends on our information technology ("IT") systems, which collect and process information of customers, associates and other persons, as well as information of our business and of our suppliers, service providers and other third parties. We rely heavily on IT systems, including those operated and maintained by our suppliers, service providers and other third parties, to manage all key aspects of our business, including planning; purchasing; sales, including point-of-sale processing and e-commerce; supply chain management; inventory management; human resources; financial management; communications; information security; and legal and regulatory compliance. This reliance requires us to accurately anticipate our current and future IT needs and successfully develop, implement and maintain appropriate systems, as well as effective disaster recovery plans for such systems. Our ongoing operations and successful growth are dependent on doing so, as well as on the ongoing integrity, security and consistent operations of these systems, including related back-up systems. As is common in the retail industry, our IT systems, as well as those of our suppliers, service providers and other third parties whose information technology systems we utilize directly or indirectly, are targeted by attempts to access or obtain personal or sensitive information, attempts at monetary theft, and attempts to disrupt business. These attempts could include use of malware, ransomware, phishing, social engineering, denial-of-service attacks, exploitation of system vulnerabilities or misconfigurations, employee malfeasance, digital and physical payment card skimmers, account takeovers and other forms of cyber-attacks. These attempts continue to increase in sophistication, heightening the risk of compromise or disruption. While certain of these attempts have resulted in data security incidents, the unauthorized intrusion into our network discovered late in 2006 is the only such data security incident to date that has been material to the results of our operations. Our IT systems and those of our suppliers, service providers and other third parties also may be damaged or disrupted, or personal or sensitive information compromised, from a number of other causes, including power outages, system failures, catastrophic events or associate or contractor error. Such damage, disruption or compromise could materially impair our ability to operate our business or otherwise result in material impacts on our operating results. Changes in the business landscape and the increase of remote working for our associates, service providers and other third parties have the potential to increase the likelihood of system damage or disruption and increase the risk of a data security compromise. These factors have led to additional mitigation strategies and investments across our IT security workforce, technologies and processes. Furthermore, the global regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, and data security compromises and disruptions in our IT systems could result in regulatory enforcement actions, class actions, contract liability or other forms of material legal liability. Any successful compromise or disruption of our IT systems, or other compromise of the information of our customers, associates or other persons that we collect, could result in material reputational harm and impact our customers' willingness to shop in our stores or online and/or our suppliers', service providers' or other third parties' willingness to do business with us. We maintain policies, procedures and controls designed to reduce the risks of data security compromises and IT failures or disruptions, but such controls cannot fully eliminate such risks and may fail to operate as intended or be circumvented. These policies, procedures and controls also require costly and ongoing investment in technologies, hiring, training and compliance. There is also a risk of material business disruption, liability and reputational damage associated with ongoing actions intended to update, enhance, modify or replace our systems and infrastructure, including from not accurately capturing and maintaining data, efficiently testing and implementing changes, realizing the expected benefit of the change and managing the potential disruption of the actions and diversion of internal teams' attention as the changes are implemented.