Our business depends on the integrity and timeliness of the data we use to serve our members, customers, and health care professionals and to operate our business. The volume of health care data generated, and the uses of data, including electronic health records, are rapidly expanding. Our ability to implement new and innovative services, price adequately our products and services, provide effective service to our customers in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, and report accurately our results of operations depends on the integrity of the data in our information systems. Connectivity among technologies is becoming increasingly important, and recent trends toward greater consumer engagement in health care require new and enhanced technologies, including more sophisticated applications for mobile devices. Our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect, and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving systems and regulatory standards, and changing customer preferences. If we fail to maintain properly the integrity or availability of our data or successfully consolidate, integrate, upgrade, or expand our existing information systems, or if our technology products do not operate as intended, our business could be materially and adversely affected. We periodically consolidate, integrate, upgrade, and expand our information systems' capabilities as a result of technology initiatives and recently enacted regulations, changes in our system platforms, and integration of new business acquisitions. Our process of consolidating the number of systems we operate, upgrading and expanding our information systems' capabilities, enhancing our systems, and developing new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology may not be successful. Failure to protect, consolidate, and integrate our systems successfully could result in higher than expected costs and diversion of management's time and energy, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. Our businesses face significant competition in all of the geographic markets in which we operate. Our competitive position may also be adversely affected by significant merger and acquisition activity in the industries in which we operate, both among our competitors and suppliers. Consolidation may make it more difficult for us to retain or increase our customer base, improve the terms on which we do business with our suppliers, or maintain or increase profitability. Our success in the health care marketplace will depend on our ability to develop and deliver innovative and potentially disruptive products and services to satisfy evolving market demands. If we do not continue to innovate and provide products and services that are useful and relevant to health care payers, consumers, and our customers, we may not remain competitive, and we risk losing market share to existing competitors and disruptive new market entrants. Our competitive position could be adversely affected by a failure to develop satisfactory data and analytics capabilities or provide services focused on these capabilities to our clients. Our ability to leverage technology resources effectively is crucial for enhancing operational efficiency and achieving strategic objectives. The integration of technology into our business processes is essential for optimizing performance and ensuring compliance with regulatory standards.