We rely on information technology networks and systems, including the internet and a number of internally-developed systems and applications. Our information technology capabilities are essential for receiving package level information in advance of the physical receipt of packages, moving and tracking packages through our operations, efficiently planning deliveries, executing billing processes, and tracking and reporting financial and operational data. Our franchise locations and subsidiaries also depend on information technology systems to manage their business processes and activities. The operation of our networks and systems involves the collection, storage, and transmission of significant amounts of proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data, including personal information of customers, employees, and others. We are subject to a variety of evolving laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection, and data security, which impose significant costs that are likely to increase over time. Information technology systems are susceptible to damage, disruptions, or shutdowns due to programming errors, defects, power outages, hardware failures, cyber-attacks, ransomware attacks, and other catastrophic events. These events may cause service outages, allow inappropriate access to systems or information, or result in other interruptions in our business. Breaches in security expose us, our customers, and franchisees to a risk of loss, disclosure, or misuse of proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. We depend on and interact with the information technology networks and systems of third parties for many aspects of our business operations, including our customers, franchisees, and service providers. Security processes, protocols, and standards that we implement may not be sufficient or effective at preventing security breaches. A significant data breach or information technology system disruption could materially adversely affect us. Our strategic initiatives, including transformation, have led to the creation of fewer, but more impactful, jobs as we strive to lower our cost to serve. We have invested and expect to continue to invest in technology security initiatives, information technology risk management, and disaster recovery plans. The cost and operational consequences of implementing, maintaining, and enhancing data or system protection measures could increase significantly to overcome increasingly frequent, complex, and sophisticated cyber threats. We cannot provide assurances that such events and impacts will not be material in the future. Our ability to maintain the image of the UPS brand and our reputation depends in part on our ability to protect data and systems and to provide services consistent with customer expectations. Our ongoing investments in technology initiatives and enhanced network capabilities support our environmental sustainability goals and overall business strategy. We continue to monitor the impacts of external conditions on our business, including the evolving landscape of information technology and the associated risks. Our ability to accurately forecast future investment needs in technology and other areas is critical to our operational efficiency and overall performance.