Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, some of which may cause our future results to be different than we currently anticipate. We have disaster recovery, business continuity, and crisis management plans and procedures designed to protect our businesses against a multitude of events including natural disasters, military or terrorist actions, power or communication failures, or similar events. Despite our preparations, our plans may not be successful in preventing the loss of client data, service interruptions, disruptions to our operations, or damage to our important facilities. We are focused on ensuring our operating environments safeguard and protect personal and business information, and although we believe that we maintain a robust program of information security and controls and none of the threats that we have encountered to date have materially impacted us, the impact of a breach could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process a large number of complicated transactions on a daily basis. If any of these systems fails to operate properly or becomes disabled even for a brief period of time, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to clients, regulatory intervention, or damage to our reputation. We continually upgrade, enhance, and expand our existing solutions and services to remain competitive and responsive to client demands. Political and economic factors may adversely affect our business and financial results, and when there is a slowdown in the economy, clients may react to worsening conditions by reducing their spending on payroll and other outsourcing services or renegotiating their contracts with us. The future enactment of more restrictive laws, rules, or regulations could have an adverse impact on us through increased costs or restrictions on our businesses. We have a strong business model with a high percentage of recurring revenues, excellent margins, the ability to generate consistent, healthy cash flows, strong client retention, and low capital expenditure requirements. Our focus on product innovation and improvements in salesforce productivity led to growth in new business bookings. We expect to grow the dividend at a slower rate than earnings to allow us to return to our pre-separation target dividend payout ratio in about two years. Our strategic pillars are predicated on our ability to drive innovation and service excellence, and attract, build, and retain the right talent to position us as the global market leader in human capital management services. The increase in revenues was due to new business started during the year from new business bookings growth, an increase in the number of employees on our clients' payrolls, and the impact of price increases. Our worldwide client revenue retention rate increased approximately 10 basis points to 91.4%. The increase was due to the increase in revenues from continuing operations, which was partially offset by an increase in expenses. We utilize historical loss experience and actuarial judgment to determine the estimated claim liability for our services. We have contingency plans in place for bank failures, and a systemic shutdown of the banking industry would impede our ability to process funds on behalf of our payroll and tax services clients. We believe we currently meet all conditions set forth in the committed reverse repurchase agreements to borrow thereunder, and we are not aware of any conditions that would prevent us from borrowing part or all of the available funds. Our client funds investment strategy is structured to allow us to average our way through an interest rate cycle by laddering the maturities of our investments. We have established credit quality, maturity, and exposure limits for our investments to mitigate risks. Our investment strategy is designed to minimize the risk of not having sufficient funds to satisfy all of our client funds obligations.