The following factors could materially and adversely affect applied's business, financial condition or results of operations and cause reputational harm, and they should be carefully considered in evaluating the company and its business. To meet rapidly changing demand in the industries it serves, applied must accurately forecast demand and effectively manage its resources and production capacity for each of its segments as well as across multiple segments, and may incur unexpected or additional costs to align its business operations. During periods of increasing demand for its products, applied must have sufficient manufacturing capacity and inventory to meet customer demand; effectively manage its supply chain; attract, retain and motivate a sufficient number of qualified employees; and continue to control costs. During periods of decreasing demand, applied must reduce costs and align its cost structure with prevailing market conditions; effectively manage its supply chain; and motivate and retain key employees. Applied must continually innovate, commercialize its products, and adapt its business and product offerings to respond to competition and rapid technological changes. Applied's performance may be adversely affected if it does not timely, cost-effectively and successfully identify and address technology inflections, market changes, new applications, customer requirements and end-use demand. The ability to attract, retain and motivate key employees is vital to applied's success. Achieving this objective may be difficult due to many factors, including fluctuations in global economic and industry conditions, management changes, applied's organizational structure, hiring practices of competitors and other companies, and the effectiveness of applied's compensation and benefit programs. Applied is exposed to risks associated with the uncertain global economy. Uncertain global economic conditions and weak or moderate growth in China, Europe, and the United States, along with uncertainties in the financial markets, national debt and fiscal concerns in various regions, and government austerity measures, are posing challenges to the industries in which applied operates. The global semiconductor, flat panel display, solar and related industries in which applied operates are characterized by ongoing changes affecting some or all of these industries that impact demand for and/or the profitability of applied's products. Applied must accurately forecast, and allocate appropriate resources and investment towards addressing key technology changes and inflections, such as the transition to 20nm devices, in order to enable opportunities for gains. Applied is exposed to risks as a result of ongoing changes specific to the semiconductor industry. The semiconductor industry is characterized by ongoing changes particular to this industry that impact demand for and/or the profitability of applied's semiconductor equipment and service products. Applied must maintain operating flexibility to enable different responses to different markets, customers and applications. The need for an effective business continuity plan if a disaster or other event occurs that could disrupt business operations is critical. Applied's ability to rapidly expand or reduce its operations to meet increased or decreased demand, respectively, and the associated effect on working capital, is essential for organizational resilience. The expanding role of third party providers has required changes to applied's existing operations and the adoption of new procedures and processes for retaining and managing these providers, as well as redistributing responsibilities as warranted, in order to realize the potential productivity and operational efficiencies, assure quality and continuity of supply, and protect the intellectual property of applied and its customers, suppliers and other partners. If applied does not effectively develop and implement its outsourcing and relocation strategies, if required export and other governmental approvals are not timely obtained, if applied's third party providers do not perform as anticipated, or if there are delays or difficulties in enhancing business processes, applied may not realize anticipated productivity improvements or cost efficiencies, and may experience operational difficulties, increased costs, manufacturing interruptions or delays, inefficiencies in the structure and/or operation of its supply chain, and/or inefficient allocation of human resources.