The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. We rely on third parties to manufacture our products, and if they are unable to do so on a timely basis in sufficient quantities and using competitive technologies, our business could be materially adversely affected. It is important to have reliable relationships with all of these third-party manufacturing suppliers to ensure adequate product supply to respond to customer demand. We cannot assure you that these manufacturers or our other third-party manufacturing suppliers will be able to meet our near-term or long-term manufacturing requirements. Our ability to meet customer demand for our products depends, in part, on our ability to deliver the products our customers want on a timely basis. Our business processes and information systems need to be sufficiently scalable to support the growth of our business and may require modifications or upgrades that expose us to a number of operational risks. Our information technology systems, and those of third-party information technology providers or business partners, may also be vulnerable to damage or disruption caused by circumstances beyond our control including catastrophic events, power anomalies or outages, natural disasters, viruses or malware, cyber-attacks, data breaches, and computer system or network failures, exposing us to significant cost, reputational harm, and disruption or damage to our business. We continuously work on simplifying our information systems and applications through consolidation and standardization efforts. Our operating results are subject to quarterly and seasonal sales patterns. A substantial portion of our quarterly sales have historically been made in the last month of the quarter. This uneven sales pattern makes prediction of revenues for each financial period difficult and increases the risk of unanticipated variations in quarterly results and financial condition. Our business strategy is dependent on creating products that anticipate customer requirements and emerging industry trends. We are implementing a long-term business strategy to refocus our business to address markets beyond our core PC market to the high-growth adjacent markets. However, we are entering markets with new and different competitors who may be able to adapt more quickly to customer requirements and emerging technologies. The 2014 restructuring plan involved a reduction of global headcount by approximately 6%, largely completed by the end of 2014, and an alignment of our real estate footprint with the reduced headcount, largely expected to be completed by the end of the first half of 2015. These restructuring actions could have an adverse impact on our business as a result of decreases in employee morale and the failure to meet operational targets due to the loss of employees. The health of the credit markets may adversely impact our ability to obtain financing when needed. Our inability to obtain needed financing or to generate sufficient cash from operations may require us to abandon projects or curtail planned investments in research and development or other strategic initiatives. We may not be able to successfully implement our business strategy to refocus our business to address markets beyond our core PC market to high-growth adjacent markets. Our worldwide operations are subject to political, legal, and economic risks and natural disasters, which could have a material adverse effect on us. Any conflict or uncertainty in the countries in which we operate, including public health issues, safety issues, natural disasters, fire, disruptions of service from utilities, nuclear power plant accidents, or general economic or political factors, could have a material adverse effect on our business.