Our ability to maintain an adequate rate of revenue growth and our future financial performance, including our expectations regarding our cost of revenue, gross profit or gross margin and operating expenses, are influenced by our belief that the cloud networking market is still in the early stages of adoption and has significant potential for growth. We have encountered and will continue to encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by rapidly growing companies in constantly evolving industries, including the need to effectively manage our growth and improve our systems and processes. Our success will depend in part upon our ability to manage our growth effectively, which includes increasing the productivity of our existing employees and continuing to hire, train and manage new employees as needed. We may experience difficulties in managing improvements to our systems and processes or in connection with third-party technology, and our failure to improve our systems and processes may result in disruption of our current operations and end-customer relationships. Our results of operations are likely to vary significantly from period to period and be unpredictable, and if we fail to meet the expectations of analysts or investors, the market price of our common stock could decline substantially. We expect large purchases by a limited number of end customers to continue to represent a substantial portion of our revenue, and any loss or delay of expected purchases could result in material quarter-to-quarter fluctuations of our revenue. Our revenue growth rate in recent periods may not be indicative of our future performance, and we may not achieve similar revenue growth rates in future periods. We face intense competition, especially from larger, well-established companies, and we may lack sufficient financial or other resources to maintain or improve our competitive position. Our ability to compete will depend upon our ability to provide a better solution than our competitors at a more competitive price. We must continue to develop new technologies and products that address emerging technological trends and changing end-customer needs. Our business depends on the overall demand for information technology, network connectivity and access to data and applications, and weak economic conditions could adversely affect our business. Our products are very complex and despite testing prior to their release, they have contained and may contain undetected defects or errors, which could adversely affect our reputation and our end customers' willingness to buy products from us. We are subject to a number of risks associated with the expansion of our international sales and operations, including compliance with applicable anticorruption laws. Our ability to grow our business and our future success will depend to a significant extent on our ability to expand our operations and customer base worldwide. We believe that our future success will depend on many factors, including our ability to expand sales to our existing customers as well as to add new end customers. We expect that a substantial portion of our future sales will be follow-on sales to existing end customers, and we believe this opportunity with current end customers to be significant given their existing infrastructure and expected future spend. Our ability to sustain our revenue growth will depend, in part, upon our continued sales of more robust configurations of our products. We expect to continue to derive a growing portion of our sales through our channel partners as they develop new end customers and expand sales to our existing end customers. We believe that increasing channel leverage will extend and improve our engagement with a broad set of customers. Our business and results of operations will be materially affected by our success in leveraging our channel partners.