The company is dependent on the communications industry, including information technology and data communications, wireless communications, and broadband communications, which are subject to rapid technological change. Demand for the company's products in these markets depends primarily on capital spending by operators for constructing, rebuilding, or upgrading their systems. The amount of this capital spending will be affected by various factors, including general economic conditions, consolidation within the communications industry, and competition. The company encounters competition in substantially all areas of its business and competes primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality, price, customer service, and delivery time. There can be no assurance that the company will be able to continue to compete successfully in the communications industry, and the company's failure to do so could adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations. The company believes that its global presence is an important competitive advantage as it allows the company to provide quality products on a timely basis to its multinational customers. The company's strategy is to provide comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products, and a high level of service while maintaining programs of productivity improvement and cost control. The company focuses its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its OEM customers to develop highly-engineered products that meet customer needs. The company continually develops or creates new product line concepts, and its long-term results depend substantially upon its ability to conceive, design, source, and market new products. The company may experience difficulties and unanticipated expenses in assimilating newly acquired businesses, which could affect its operational flexibility and performance. The ability to generate cash from operating activities is one of the company's fundamental financial strengths, providing significant flexibility to meet its financial commitments. The company uses debt financing to lower the overall cost of capital and increase return on stockholders' equity. The company's primary sources of liquidity are internally generated cash flow, credit facilities, and cash equivalents. The company expects ongoing cash requirements will be funded from these sources; however, its sources of liquidity could be adversely affected by a decrease in demand for its products or a deterioration in certain financial ratios. The company is subject to interest rate volatility and monitors the mix of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt. The company attempts to minimize currency exposure risk through various strategies, including producing products in the same country or region where they are sold. The company believes that its operations are currently in substantial compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations, and it strives to offset the impact of increases in the cost of raw materials through price increases and productivity improvements. The company regularly reviews its optimal mix of short-term and long-term debt and may replace certain amounts of commercial paper and short-term debt with new issuances of long-term debt in the future. The company's strategic objective is to enhance its position in its served markets by pursuing success factors such as developing performance-enhancing interconnect solutions and fostering collaborative management. The company may also use cash to fund all or part of the cost of acquisitions, which are part of its growth strategy.