Difficult conditions in the business and economic environment, as well as political conditions in the United States and elsewhere, may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. Uncertain expectations for a global economic recovery have had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on us, in part because we are very dependent upon consumer and business behavior. A prolonged period of slow economic growth or deterioration in economic conditions could change customer behaviors, including spending on our cards and the ability and willingness of card members to pay amounts owed to us. Factors such as consumer spending, business investment, government spending, interest rates, tax rates, fuel and other energy costs, the volatility and strength of the capital markets and inflation all affect the business and economic environment and, ultimately, our profitability. An economic downturn characterized by higher unemployment, lower family income, lower consumer spending, lower demand for credit, lower corporate earnings or lower business investment is likely to materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Adverse capital and credit market conditions may significantly affect our ability to meet liquidity needs, access to capital and cost of capital. Without sufficient liquidity, we could be forced to limit our investments in growth opportunities or curtail operations. Disruptions, uncertainty or volatility across the financial markets could negatively impact market liquidity and limit our access to capital required to operate our business. Market disruption and volatility could have an adverse effect, which may be material, on our ability to access capital and on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our risk management framework seeks to mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return. We have established policies and procedures intended to identify, monitor and manage the types of risk to which we are subject, including credit risk, market risk, asset liability risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance risk, model risk and reputational risk. Although we have devoted significant resources to develop our risk management policies and procedures and expect to continue to do so in the future, these policies and procedures may not be fully effective. We must effectively manage credit risk related to consumer debt, business loans, settlement with GNS partners, merchant and consumer bankruptcies, delinquencies and other credit trends that can affect spending on card products, debt payments by individual and corporate customers and businesses that accept our card products. Our ability to assess creditworthiness may be impaired if the criteria or models we use to manage our credit risk become less predictive of future losses. Rising delinquencies and rising rates of bankruptcy are often precursors of future write-offs and may require us to increase our reserve for loan losses. We must also effectively manage market and asset-liability risks to which we are exposed. Market risk represents the loss in value of portfolios and financial instruments due to adverse changes in market variables, which could negatively impact our financial condition. Our business is subject to the effects of geopolitical events, weather, natural disasters and other conditions. Geopolitical events, terrorist attacks, natural disasters, severe weather conditions, health pandemics, intrusion into or degradation of our infrastructure by hackers and other catastrophic events can have a negative effect on our business. The impact of such events on the overall economy may also adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. Our ongoing investments, which may be necessary to maintain a competitive business, may increase our expenses. We have regularly undertaken, and are currently undertaking, a variety of efforts to reengineer our business operations in order to achieve cost savings and other benefits, enhance revenue-generating opportunities and improve our operating expense-to-revenue ratio both in the short-term and over time. If we do not successfully achieve these efforts in a timely manner or if the actions taken ultimately come at the expense of operational efficiency or compliance and control processes, we may not realize all or a significant portion of the benefits we intended.