The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also impair our business, results of operations or financial condition. Disruptions in the economies of certain countries could cause, contribute to or be indicative of deteriorating macro-economic conditions. The uncertainty of macro-economic factors and their impact on consumer behavior makes it more difficult to forecast industry and consumer trends and the timing and degree of their impact on our markets and business, which in turn could adversely affect our ability to effectively manage our business and adversely affect our results of operations. Future natural disasters, health concerns, or civil or political unrest could further disrupt our business and operations and adversely affect our results of operations. We face risks related to the growth rate and expansion of our international business. Our strategy involves continued rapid international expansion in regions throughout the world. Our international operations have achieved significant year-over-year growth in their gross bookings. However, this growth rate, which has contributed significantly to our growth in consolidated revenue, gross profit and earnings per share, has declined, a trend we expect to continue as the absolute level of our gross bookings grows larger. We believe that these business trends are likely impacted by weak economic conditions and sovereign debt concerns. We are subject to risks typical of international businesses, including differing economic conditions, differing customs, languages and consumer expectations, changes in political climate, differing tax structures and other regulations and restrictions, including labor laws and customs, and foreign exchange rate volatility. We may not be able to hire, train, retain, motivate and manage required personnel, which may limit our growth, damage our reputation, negatively affect our financial performance, and otherwise harm our business. Our current and planned personnel, systems, procedures and controls may not be adequate to support and effectively manage this growth and our future operations, especially as we employ personnel in multiple geographic locations around the world. We rely on providers of accommodations, rental cars and airline tickets and on restaurants to make their services available to consumers through us. Our arrangements with travel service providers generally do not require them to make available any specific quantity of accommodation reservations, rental cars or airline tickets, or to make accommodation reservations, rental cars or airline tickets available in any geographic area, for any particular route or at any particular price. A significant reduction on the part of any of our major travel service providers could have a material adverse effect on our business, market share and results of operations. We believe that the increase in the number of accommodation providers that participate on our websites has been a key driver of the growth of our accommodation reservation business. The growth in our accommodation bookings typically makes us an attractive source of consumer demand for our accommodation providers. However, accommodation providers may wish to limit the amount of business that flows through a single distribution channel. We have taken and continue to take steps to increase the reliability and redundancy of our systems. These steps are expensive, may reduce our margins and may not be successful in reducing the frequency or duration of unscheduled downtime. We experience significant seasonal swings in deferred merchant bookings and travel service provider payables depending on the absolute level of our merchant transactions during the last few weeks of every quarter. We may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future, and revenue growth or sustained profitability may not be realized. We believe that our existing cash balances and liquid resources will be sufficient to fund our operating activities, capital expenditures and other obligations through at least the next twelve months.