Our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks, including intense competition and the inability to keep pace with rapid technological changes in the medical devices industry. We are required to devote continued efforts and financial resources to develop or acquire scientifically advanced technologies and products, apply our technologies cost-effectively across product lines and markets, and successfully manufacture and market our products consistent with our quality standards. We monitor the dynamics of the economy, the healthcare industry, and the markets in which we compete; and we assess opportunities for improved operational effectiveness and efficiency and to better align expenses with revenues, while preserving our ability to make investments in research and development projects, capital, and our people that we believe are important to our long-term success. As part of our strategy to maximize stockholder value, we use financial leverage to reduce our cost of capital. We believe our investment-grade credit profile reflects the size and diversity of our product portfolio, our leading share position in several of our served markets, our strong cash flow, and our solid financial fundamentals. Our restructuring initiatives are intended to enhance our growth potential and position us for long-term success, including streamlining various functions, eliminating bureaucracy, increasing productivity, and better aligning resources to business strategies and marketplace dynamics. We have undertaken various restructuring initiatives, including the 2014 restructuring plan, aimed at building on the progress we have made to address financial pressures in a changing global marketplace and further strengthen our operational effectiveness and efficiency. Our international operations are subject to a number of market, business, financial, legal, and regulatory risks and uncertainties that could have a material impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We are subject to extensive and dynamic medical device regulation, which may impede or hinder the approval or sale of our products and may ultimately result in an inability to obtain approval of certain products or may result in the recall or seizure of previously approved products. Our products are continually subject to clinical trials conducted by us, our competitors, or other third parties, the results of which may be unfavorable or perceived as unfavorable by the market, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or future prospects. We cannot predict the specific healthcare programs and regulations that will be ultimately implemented by regional and national governments globally. However, any changes that lower reimbursements for either our products or procedures using our products, reduce medical procedure volumes, or increase cost containment pressures on us or others in the healthcare sector could adversely affect our business and results of operations. We are constantly assessing opportunities for improved operational effectiveness and efficiency and to better align expenses with revenues, while preserving our ability to make needed investments in research and development projects, capital, and our people. Our ability to attract, retain, and focus key personnel is critical to our success, particularly in emerging markets as the trend toward globalization continues. If we are unable to attract key personnel in a timely manner, it may have an adverse effect on our business and our ability to drive growth, including through execution of our strategic initiatives.