The statements in this section describe the most significant risks to our business and should be considered carefully in conjunction with "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations." Our business is highly sensitive to global and regional economic conditions, and the demand for our products and services tends to be cyclical, which can significantly reduce under challenging economic environments characterized by lower levels of government and business investment. Economic conditions affecting the industries we serve may lead to reduced capital expenditures by our customers, which are likely to decrease demand for our products. Disruptions or volatility in global financial markets could limit our sources of liquidity, impacting our ability to generate funds from operations. Our global operations are exposed to political and economic risks, commercial instability, and events beyond our control, which could negatively impact our business. Unexpected events, including natural disasters, may increase our cost of doing business or disrupt our operations, potentially resulting in physical damage to our facilities or temporary disruptions in the supply of component products. We rely on suppliers to secure component products, and a disruption in deliveries could adversely affect our ability to meet commitments to customers. We are actively engaged in initiatives to increase productivity, efficiency, and cash flow, which we expect to have a positive effect on our competitive position. However, there can be no assurance that these initiatives will continue to be beneficial or that anticipated savings will be realized. Our financial products segment is subject to risks associated with the financial services industry, and the inability of our financial services to access funds could have an adverse effect on our business. We face inherent business risks of exposure to various types of claims, lawsuits, and government investigations, which could lead to enforcement actions and negatively impact our results. Changes in government monetary or fiscal policies may negatively impact our results, and fluctuations in currency exchange rates could affect our financial condition. We are subject to stringent environmental laws and regulations that impose significant compliance costs, and failure to comply could expose us to penalties and negatively impact our operations. Our business relies on continued global demand for our products, and failure to deliver high-quality, innovative products could have a negative impact on our results. We may not realize all anticipated benefits from acquisitions or joint ventures, and unforeseen difficulties may arise in integrating operations. The occurrence of one or more unexpected events could adversely affect our operations and financial performance. The risks associated with our past or future acquisitions include the potential for unforeseen expenses and the integration of operations, which may not occur as expected. Our operations are dependent upon products manufactured, purchased, and sold in various regions, and we are subject to risks relating to inventory management decisions and operational practices of our dealers and OEM customers. We may also experience problems in retaining customers and integrating customer bases, which could significantly impact our revenues.