Our business is subject to the impact of domestic and international market, economic and political conditions which are beyond our control and which could significantly reduce our contract volumes and make our financial results more volatile. Historically, periods of heightened uncertainty have tended to increase our trading volume due to increased hedging activity and the increased need to manage the risks associated with, or speculate on, volatility in the U.S. equity markets. However, as evidenced by our past performance, in the period after a material market disturbance, there may persist extreme uncertainties which may lead to decreased volume due to factors such as reduced risk exposure, lower interest rates, central bank asset purchase programs, and lack of available capital. We operate in a heavily regulated environment that imposes significant costs and competitive burdens on our business. Compliance with regulations may require us and our customers to dedicate significant financial and operational resources that could result in some participants leaving our markets or decreasing their trading activity, which would negatively affect our profitability. Our strategic business plan is to operate an efficient and transparent vertically integrated transaction execution, clearing, and settlement business for our futures and options on futures business. Our clearing houses seek to offer customers, intermediaries, and clearing firms universal access in order to maximize the efficient use of capital, exercise appropriate oversight of value at risk, and maintain operating leverage from clearing activities. We believe portions of Dodd-Frank and the corresponding regulations with respect to mandatory clearing and organized trading provide opportunities for our business. However, other portions of Dodd-Frank and the regulatory structure being implemented could negatively impact our business and our ability to compete effectively. We rely on our customers' ability to have the necessary back office functionality to support our new products and our trading and clearing functionality. If we experience systems failures or capacity constraints, our ability to conduct our operations and execute our business strategy could be materially harmed, and we could be subjected to significant costs and liabilities. Our networks and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to security risks, which could result in wrongful use of our information or cause interruptions in our operations that cause us to lose customers and contract volume. We regard the secure transmission of confidential information and the ability to continuously transact and clear on our electronic trading platforms as critical elements of our operations. Our role as a leading derivatives marketplace and the operation of our CME Globex electronic trading platform may place us at greater risk for misappropriation of our intellectual property. We have implemented significant physical security protection measures, business continuity plans, and established backup sites; however, these security measures and contingency plans may be inadequate to prevent significant disruptions in our business. Our ability to comply with applicable laws and rules is largely dependent on our establishment and maintenance of compliance, review, and reporting systems, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified compliance and other risk management personnel. We face the risk of significant intervention by regulatory authorities, including extensive examination and surveillance activity. Our policies and procedures to identify, monitor, and manage our risks may not be fully effective and may result in outcomes that could adversely affect our reputation, financial condition, and operating results. The success of our markets depends on our ability to complete development of, successfully implement, and maintain the electronic trading systems that have the functionality, performance, reliability, and speed required by our customers. We must continue to enhance our electronic trading platform to remain competitive.