Our operating results, future rate of growth, and the carrying value of our assets are exposed to the effects of changing commodity prices, which can fluctuate widely and are beyond our control. Significant reductions in commodity prices may require us to reduce our capital expenditures or impair the carrying value of our assets. We expect to continue to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs as a result of compliance with existing and future environmental laws and regulations, which may impact or limit our current business plans and reduce demand for our products. Our operations are designed to accommodate expected climatic conditions; however, significant changes in the earth's climate could incur increased expenses and materially impact our operations. Domestic and worldwide political and economic developments could damage our operations and materially reduce our profitability and cash flows. Actions of governments can impose restrictions that may limit our ability to operate or gain access to opportunities in various countries, affecting our operational flexibility. We are subject to risks associated with operations in international markets, including changes in foreign governmental policies and political conditions. Our strategy is to maintain a strong balance sheet with a diverse and flexible portfolio of assets, which will provide the financial flexibility to withstand challenging business cycles. We strive to conduct our business with respect for the environment and systematically manage risk to drive sustainable business growth. Our sustainability efforts focus on updating action plans for climate change and revamping public reporting to be more informative and responsive. We have adopted operating principles that incorporate established industry standards designed to meet or exceed government requirements. Our practices continually evolve as technology improves and regulations change, emphasizing the importance of operational integrity and environmental stewardship. We leverage our knowledge and technology to create value and safely deliver on our plans, applying technical capability to improve recovery from existing fields and optimize our asset portfolio by focusing on high-return opportunities. We strive to attract, train, develop, and retain individuals with the knowledge and skills to implement our business strategy and support our values. Our investments in joint ventures decrease our ability to manage risk, and failure to adequately manage these risks could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. We maintain insurance against many potential losses; however, our coverage may not be sufficient to fully cover us against all potential losses. Our operations present significant hazards and risks that require continuous oversight, including operational hazards such as explosions, fires, and severe weather. Cybersecurity breaches pose additional risks, and if our protective measures prove insufficient, we could be adversely affected. Our capital expenditures and investments are critical for maintaining and growing our production volumes, and we must continue to add to our proved reserve base. The timing and level at which we add to our reserve base may not allow us to replace our production over subsequent years, and we must manage various uncertainties that could impact our operational continuity and resilience.