Chevron utilizes comprehensive risk management systems to assess potential physical and other risks to its assets and to plan for their resiliency. The company seeks to minimize operational risks by carefully designing and building its facilities and conducting its operations in a safe and reliable manner. However, failure to manage these risks effectively could result in unexpected incidents, including releases, explosions or mechanical failures resulting in personal injury, loss of life, environmental damage, loss of revenues, legal liability and/or disruption to operations. Chevron has implemented and maintains a system of corporate policies, behaviors and compliance mechanisms to manage safety, health, environmental, reliability and efficiency risks; to verify compliance with applicable laws and policies; and to respond to and learn from unexpected incidents. The company's operations could be disrupted by natural or human factors, including hurricanes, floods and other forms of severe weather, war, civil unrest and other political events, fires, earthquakes, system failures, cyber threats and terrorist acts, any of which could result in suspension of operations or harm to people or the natural environment. The company does not insure against all potential losses, which could result in significant financial exposure, and relies on existing liquidity, financial resources and borrowing capacity to meet short-term obligations that would arise from such an event or series of events. The occurrence of a significant incident or unforeseen liability for which the company is not fully insured could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations or financial condition. Chevron's business is subject to liability risks from litigation or government action, which could arise from accidental discharges or new conclusions about the effects of the company's operations on human health or the environment. The company's operations, particularly exploration and production, can be affected by changing economic, regulatory and political environments in the various countries in which it operates. Political instability and significant changes in the regulatory environment could harm Chevron's business. Changes in national or state environmental regulations could adversely affect the company's current or anticipated future operations and profitability. Regulation of greenhouse gas emissions could increase Chevron's operational costs and reduce demand for its products. The effect of regulation on the company's financial performance will depend on various factors, including the sectors covered, the greenhouse gas emissions reductions required by law, and the impact of legislation on the company's ability to recover costs. Changes in management's estimates and assumptions may have a material impact on the company's consolidated financial statements and financial or operational performance. Areas requiring significant estimates and assumptions by management include measurement of benefit obligations for pension and other postretirement benefit plans; estimates of crude oil and natural gas recoverable reserves; and accruals for estimated liabilities. The company's results depend on its ability to identify and mitigate the risks and hazards inherent to operating in the crude oil and natural gas industry. The company must confront pressures and constraints that could impact its operational continuity and resilience in the face of adversity.