In addition to the factors affecting specific business operations identified in connection with the description of these operations and the financial results of these operations elsewhere in this report, the most significant factors affecting our operations include changes in U.S., global, or regional economic conditions that could have an adverse effect on the profitability of some or all of our businesses. A decline in economic activity can adversely affect demand for our businesses, thus reducing our revenue and earnings. Changes in public and consumer tastes and preferences for entertainment and consumer products could reduce demand for our entertainment offerings and products and adversely affect the profitability of any of our businesses. Our businesses create entertainment, travel, or consumer products whose success depends substantially on consumer tastes and preferences that change in often unpredictable ways. The success of our businesses depends on our ability to consistently create and distribute offerings that meet the changing preferences of the broad consumer market and respond to competition from an expanding array of choices facilitated by technological developments. We may be required to alter our business models in response to developments, and there can be no assurance that we will successfully respond to these changes or that the business models we develop will be as profitable as our current business models. A variety of uncontrollable events may reduce demand for our products and services, impair our ability to provide our products and services, or increase the cost of providing our products and services. Demand for our products and services is highly dependent on the general environment for travel and tourism, which can be significantly adversely affected by factors beyond our control, including adverse weather conditions, health concerns, international political developments, and terrorist attacks. These events may also damage our ability to provide our products and services or to obtain insurance coverage. Changes in our business strategy or restructuring of our businesses may increase our costs or otherwise affect the profitability of our businesses. As changes in our business environment occur, we may need to adjust our business strategies to meet these changes or restructure our operations. We face substantial competition in each of our businesses from alternative providers of the products and services we offer and from other forms of entertainment, lodging, tourism, and recreational activities. Increased competitive pressures may reduce our revenues or increase our costs. Labor disputes may disrupt our operations and adversely affect the profitability of any of our businesses. The seasonality of certain of our businesses could exacerbate negative impacts on our operations. We believe that our financial condition is strong and that our cash balances, other liquid assets, operating cash flows, access to debt and equity capital markets, and borrowing capacity provide adequate resources to fund ongoing operating requirements and future capital expenditures. However, our operating cash flow and access to the capital markets can be impacted by macroeconomic factors outside of our control. The company is subject to the risk of challenges to our copyright, trademark, and patent rights by third parties. Successful challenges to our rights in intellectual property may result in increased costs or the loss of the opportunity to earn revenue from the intellectual property that is the subject of challenged rights. The company develops and maintains systems to protect confidential and proprietary information, but the possibility of intrusion, tampering, and theft cannot be eliminated entirely. If our data systems are compromised, our ability to conduct our business may be impaired, and we may incur additional costs, lost opportunities, and damage to our reputation.