The following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements made in this annual report on Form 10-K and presented elsewhere by management from time to time. Effectively adapting to these risk adjustment provisions has required us to modify our operational and strategic initiatives to focus on and manage different populations of potential members than we have in the past. These changes could impact us through potential disruption to the employer-based market, potential cost shifting in the health care delivery system to insurance companies and limitations on the ability to increase premiums to meet costs. We have dedicated, and will continue to dedicate, material resources and incurred, and will continue to incur, material expenses to implement and comply with health care reform at both the state and federal levels, including implementing and complying with future regulations that provide guidance on and clarification of significant portions of the legislation. The health care reform law and regulations are likely to have significant effects on our future operations, which, in turn, could impact the value of our business model and results of operations, including potential impairments of our goodwill and other intangible assets. Difficulties and delays with regard to implementation of provisions of health care reform have increased uncertainties and made our planning relating to health care reform more difficult and unpredictable, which increases the risk that we will experience unanticipated adverse consequences arising out of health care reform. Our profitability depends in large part on accurately predicting health care costs and on our ability to manage future health care costs through underwriting criteria, medical management, product design and negotiation of favorable provider contracts. The potential effect of escalating health care costs, any changes in our ability to negotiate competitive rates with our providers and any regulatory or market-driven restrictions on our ability to obtain adequate premium rates to offset overall inflation in health care costs may impose further risks to our ability to profitably underwrite our business. We cannot assure you that we will be able to compete successfully on these public exchanges or that we will be able to benefit from any opportunities presented by such exchanges. We face intense competition to attract and retain employees. Our ability to repurchase shares or pay dividends in the future to our shareholders and meet our obligations will depend upon the receipt of dividends from our subsidiaries. We are also subject to regulations that may result in assessments under state insurance guarantee association laws. The health benefits industry is subject to negative publicity, which could adversely affect our business and profitability. We are currently dependent on the non-exclusive services of independent agents and brokers in the marketing of our health care products, particularly with respect to individuals, seniors and small employer group customers. We face intense competition for the services and allegiance of these independent agents and brokers, who may also market the products of our competitors. We cannot ensure that we will be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors or that competitive pressures faced by us will not materially and adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. We have built a significant portion of our current business through mergers and acquisitions, joint ventures and strategic alliances and we expect to pursue such opportunities in the future. Our ability to manage our cash, investments and capital structure so we are able to meet the short and long-term obligations of our business while maintaining financial flexibility and liquidity is crucial. We believe that funds from future operating cash flows, cash and investments and funds available under our senior credit facility will be sufficient for future operations and commitments, and for capital acquisitions and other strategic transactions.