The company seeks to drive greater agility, productivity, flexibility, and cost savings by transforming and globally integrating its own business processes and functions to remain competitive and enable scaling of resources and offerings in both emerging and more established markets. These initiatives may not yield their intended gains in speed, quality, productivity, and enablement of rapid scaling, which may impact the company's competitiveness and its ability to meet its growth and productivity objectives. The company continues to invest significantly in its strategic imperatives to drive revenue growth and market share gains. Client adoption rates and viable economic models are less certain in the high-value, highly competitive, and rapidly growing segments, and new delivery models may unfavorably impact demand and profitability for other products or services. As the company expands to capture emerging growth opportunities, it needs to rapidly secure the appropriate mix of trained, skilled, and experienced personnel, and develop ecosystems and collaborative partnerships. The company experiences and responds to cybersecurity threats, although none has had a material adverse effect on the company to date. As these threats develop and grow, the company may also find it necessary to make significant further investments to protect data and infrastructure. The company could also be impacted by existing and proposed laws and regulations, as well as government policies and practices related to cybersecurity, privacy, data localization, and data protection. The company's business and operations could be impacted by local legal, economic, political, and health conditions. Changes in the laws or policies of the countries in which the company operates, or inadequate enforcement of laws or policies, could affect the company's business and overall results of operations. The company's results of operations could also be affected by economic and political changes in those countries and by macroeconomic changes, including recessions, inflation, and currency fluctuations. Any widespread outbreak of an illness, pandemic, or other local or global health issue could adversely affect customer demand and the company's operations and its ability to source and deliver products and services to its customers. The company is subject to various federal, state, local, and foreign laws and regulations concerning environmental protection. The company could incur substantial costs, including cleanup costs, fines, and civil or criminal sanctions, as well as third-party claims for property damage or personal injury, if it were to violate or become liable under environmental laws and regulations. The company's internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements due to inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error or fraud. If the company fails to maintain the adequacy of its internal controls, the company's business and operating results could be harmed. The company's future success depends on the continued service, availability, and integrity of skilled personnel, and competition for their talents is intense. The company could be impacted by its relationships with critical suppliers, and changes in the business condition of these suppliers could subject the company to losses and affect its ability to bring products to market. The company has made and expects to continue to make acquisitions, alliances, and dispositions, which present significant challenges and risks relating to the integration of the business into the company. The company believes it has adopted appropriate risk management and compliance programs, although legal and compliance risks will continue to exist.