We operate global marketplaces for trading and clearing a broad array of securities and derivatives contracts across major asset classes, including energy and agricultural commodities, interest rates, equities, equity derivatives, credit derivatives, bonds, and currencies. Our business is conducted as a single reportable business segment, and substantially all of our identifiable assets are located in the United States, United Kingdom, continental Europe, Israel, Canada, and Singapore. The business environments in which we operate directly affect our results of operations. Our results have been and will continue to be affected by many factors, including the level of trading activity in our markets, which during any period is significantly influenced by general market conditions; competition; price volatility; market share and the pace of industry consolidation; broad trends in the brokerage and finance industry; price levels and price volatility; the number and financial health of companies listed on NYSE's cash markets; geopolitical events; weather and disasters; real and perceived supply and demand imbalances; availability of capital; changing technology in the financial services industry; and legislative and regulatory changes. We have diversified our business so that we are less subject to the reduction in volatility, trading activity, or participation in any one asset class. In addition, we have increased our portion of non-transaction and clearing revenues from 13% in 2012 to 39% in 2014. We continue to focus on our strategy to broaden and diversify our revenue streams, as well as on our company-wide expense reduction initiatives in connection with our acquisition of NYSE in order to mitigate these uncertainties. We also periodically make adjustments to our contract specifications. Changes to contracts are generally aimed at making the contracts more relevant to more customers and their evolving hedging needs or are required based on changes to the underlying commodity and may result in fluctuations in trading volume in the near term, with the objective of making the contract more relevant to our customers over the long term. We successfully transitioned all of the LIFFE futures and options contracts to ICE Futures Europe during the year ended December 31, 2014. The clearing transition of the LIFFE products to ICE Clear Europe was completed in July 2013. We incurred $129 million in acquisition-related transaction and integration costs during the year ended December 31, 2014, primarily relating to our integration of NYSE and the acquisitions of SMX, Superderivatives, HCH, and True Office. We expect to continue to explore and pursue various potential acquisitions and other strategic opportunities to strengthen our competitive position and support our growth. Our clearing houses hold material amounts of clearing member cash deposits which are invested primarily to provide security of capital, but also which may generate interest income for our clearing members. The ICE clearing houses seek to reduce their exposure through a risk management program that includes initial and ongoing financial standards for clearing member admission and continued membership, original and variation margin requirements, and mandatory deposits to the guaranty fund. The amounts that the clearing members are required to maintain in the original margin and guaranty fund accounts are determined by standardized parameters established by the margin or risk committees, risk management departments, and the boards of directors of each of the ICE clearing houses and may fluctuate over time. We have recorded these cash deposits in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as current assets with corresponding current liabilities to the clearing members of the relevant ICE clearing house. The ICE clearing houses mark all outstanding contracts to market, and therefore pay and collect variation margin, at least once daily, and in some cases multiple times throughout the day. This arrangement allows the ICE clearing houses to identify any clearing members that may be unable to satisfy the financial obligations resulting from changes in the prices of their open contracts before those financial obligations become exceptionally large and jeopardize the ability of the ICE clearing houses to ensure financial performance of clearing members' open positions.