JPMorgan Chase maintains a global resiliency and crisis management program that is intended to ensure that the firm has the ability to recover its critical business functions and supporting assets, including staff, technology, and facilities, in the event of a business interruption. The firm believes that its current resiliency plans are both sufficient and adequate; however, there can be no assurance that such plans will fully mitigate all potential business continuity risks to the firm or its customers and clients. Any failures or disruptions of the firm's systems or operations could give rise to losses in service to customers and clients, adversely affect the firm's business and results of operations by subjecting the firm to losses or liability, or require the firm to expend significant resources to correct the failure or disruption, as well as by exposing the firm to litigation, regulatory fines or penalties, or losses not covered by insurance. The firm has paid significant fines to resolve a number of investigations or enforcement actions by governmental agencies, and it continues to devote substantial resources to satisfying the requirements of regulatory consent orders and other settlements, including enhancing its procedures and controls, expanding its risk and control functions within its lines of business, investing in technology, and hiring significant numbers of additional risk, control, and compliance personnel. The firm's businesses and operations are increasingly subject to heightened governmental and regulatory oversight and scrutiny, which increases the firm's costs and risks. The firm expects that it and the financial services industry will continue to be subject to heightened regulatory scrutiny and governmental investigations and enforcement actions. The firm's risk management framework seeks to mitigate risk and loss to the firm, and it has established processes and procedures intended to identify, measure, monitor, report, and analyze the types of risk to which the firm is subject. However, there are inherent limitations to the firm's risk management strategies, and any lapse in the firm's risk management framework could materially and adversely affect the firm's financial condition and results of operations. The firm employs stress testing and other techniques to determine the capital and liquidity necessary to protect the firm in the event of adverse economic or market events. The firm's ability to manage its liquidity is critical to its ability to operate its businesses, and potential conditions that could impair the firm's liquidity include markets that become illiquid or are otherwise experiencing disruption, unforeseen cash or capital requirements, and lack of market or customer confidence in the firm or financial markets in general. The firm's operations are subject to risk of loss from unfavorable economic, monetary, and political developments in the U.S. and around the world, and its businesses and earnings are affected by the fiscal and other policies adopted by various regulatory authorities. The firm is also dependent on the integrity of its operating systems and employees, and failures of such systems or misconduct by employees could materially and adversely affect the firm's operations. The firm is regularly targeted by unauthorized parties using malicious code and viruses, and it has experienced significant distributed denial-of-service attacks intended to disrupt online banking services. A successful penetration or circumvention of the security of the firm's systems could cause serious negative consequences, including significant disruption of the firm's operations, misappropriation of confidential information, or damage to the firm's reputation, all of which could have a material adverse effect on the firm.