In addition to the other information set forth in this report, the risks described could materially affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations in future periods. The coca-cola system may incur higher costs or face capacity constraints that could adversely affect profitability or net operating revenues in the long run due to water scarcity and poor quality, which are critical to the prosperity of the communities we serve. If we do not anticipate and address evolving consumer preferences, our business could suffer, as consumer preferences are evolving rapidly due to health and nutrition considerations, shifting demographics, and competitive pressures. Our ability to gain or maintain market share may be limited as a result of actions by competitors, and if we do not continue to strengthen our capabilities in marketing and innovation, our business could be negatively affected. The success of our business depends on maintaining consumer confidence in the safety and quality of our products, and product safety and quality concerns could negatively impact our business. We recognize that the health of our business is interwoven with the well-being of our consumers, employees, and the communities we serve, and we are working in cooperation with governments, educators, and consumers to address obesity and promote healthier lifestyles. We have implemented programs focused on economic opportunity and environmental sustainability to address agricultural challenges, and we are committed to making a strategic impact on food security through joint efforts with bottlers, farmers, communities, suppliers, and key partners. Our company has a robust water stewardship and management program and continues to work to improve water use efficiency, treat wastewater prior to discharge, and achieve our goal of replenishing the water that we and our bottling partners source and use in our finished products. We regularly assess the specific water-related risks that we and many of our bottling partners face and have implemented a formal water risk management program. Our productivity and reinvestment program is designed to assist us in strengthening our brands and reinvesting our resources to drive long-term profitable growth. This program targets annualized productivity and focuses on global supply chain optimization, marketing effectiveness, operational excellence, and data and information technology systems standardization. We are also expanding our productivity initiatives to drive incremental productivity that will be redirected into increased media investments and marketing initiatives. Our financial performance depends in large part on how well we can manage and improve the performance of company-owned or controlled bottling operations. We cannot assure you that we will achieve our strategic and financial objectives for these bottling operations. We believe our company is well positioned to appropriately address the challenges and risks we face, including those related to obesity, water quality and quantity, evolving consumer preferences, increased competition, product safety and quality, and food security. Our management has identified certain challenges and risks that demand attention in the nonalcoholic beverage segment of the commercial beverage industry. We face strong competition from well-established global companies and many local participants, and we must continue to strengthen our capabilities in marketing and innovation to maintain brand loyalty and market share.