We have developed a risk management process using periodic surveys, external research, planning processes, risk mapping, analytics, and other tools to identify and evaluate the operational, financial, environmental, reputational, strategic, and other risks that could adversely affect our business. Adapting our business concept in a rapidly changing retailing environment to address the changing shopping habits and demands and demographics of our customers is critical to our future success. Failure to adapt our business concept successfully could negatively affect our relationship with our customers and the demand for the home improvement products and services we sell. Our strategic initiatives focused on omni-channel sales and marketing presence will require us to deliver large, complex programs requiring different skill sets and capabilities than were required by our management, employees, and contractors in the past. Our leadership development program for our managers at all levels is focused on aligning processes for corporate strategy, business unit strategy, and integrated planning to drive alignment, execution, and delivery of solutions. The success of our strategic initiatives will require new competencies in many positions, and our management, employees, and contractors will have to adapt and learn new skills and capabilities. Our results of operations, financial condition, or business prospects could also be adversely affected if we are unable to attract and retain additional personnel at various levels of the company who have the skills and capabilities we need to implement our strategic initiatives. As customer-facing technology systems become an increasingly important part of our omni-channel sales and marketing strategy, the failure of those systems to perform effectively and reliably could keep us from delivering positive customer experiences. Our financial performance could suffer if we fail to properly maintain our critical information systems or if those systems are seriously disrupted. The maintenance and ongoing improvements of our existing management information systems that support operations such as inventory replenishment, merchandise ordering, transportation, receipt processing, and product delivery are important parts of our efforts to achieve efficiencies, cost reductions, and sales and cash flow growth. Our business and our reputation could be adversely affected by the failure to protect sensitive customer, employee, vendor, or company information or to comply with evolving regulations relating to our obligation to protect our systems and assets from the threat of cyber-attacks. We are subject to payments-related risks that could increase our operating costs, expose us to fraud, and potentially disrupt our business. We rely on third parties to provide payment processing services, and it could disrupt our business if these companies become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us. We operate in a highly competitive market for home improvement products and services, and our failure to respond effectively to competitive pressures and changes in the markets could affect our financial performance. The inability to effectively manage our relationships with selected suppliers could negatively impact our business plan and financial results. If the domestic or international supply chain for our products is disrupted for any reason, our sales and gross margin would be adversely impacted. We use third-party installers to provide installation services to our customers, and our failure to effectively manage such requirements and risks could result in lost sales, fines, and lawsuits, as well as damage to our reputation. Failure to achieve and maintain a high level of product and service quality could damage our image with customers and negatively impact our sales, profitability, cash flows, and financial condition. We are also subject to various procurement regulations and other requirements, and changes in existing or new laws and regulations could adversely affect our business.