The company focuses on execution across all of its strategies through a common, integrated approach to people, products, place, price, and promotion. Our strategies are aligned around four strategic growth priorities that represent our greatest opportunities to drive results. We must continuously adapt to deliver a relevant experience for our customers amidst a highly competitive, value-driven operating environment. Our continued success depends on our system's ability to anticipate and respond effectively to continuously shifting consumer demographics, trends in food sourcing, food preparation, and consumer preferences. We recognize that if we do not anticipate and address evolving consumer preferences, our business could suffer. The ability to compete successfully in the current market environment depends on our ability to improve existing products, develop new products, price our products appropriately, manage the complexity of our restaurant operations, and respond effectively to our competitors' actions. We have intensified our focus on strategies to achieve these goals and will likely continue to modify existing strategies and implement new strategies in the future. Our business results are subject to a variety of risks that are reflected in the considerations and factors that we believe are most likely to affect our performance. We face intense competition in our markets, which could hurt our business. We compete primarily in a highly competitive segment, and our environment is expected to continue to be highly competitive. Our success depends on the effectiveness of our supply chain management to assure reliable and sufficient product supply. Supply chain interruptions can adversely affect us or the suppliers and franchisees that are part of our system. Food safety is a top priority, and we dedicate substantial resources to ensure that our customers enjoy safe food products. However, food safety events could adversely affect our brand and reputation as well as our revenues and profits. Our success relies on the financial success and cooperation of our franchisees, yet we have limited influence over their operations. Our franchise business model presents a number of risks, and our success also depends on the willingness and ability of our independent franchisees to implement major initiatives. Our operating performance could be negatively affected if our franchisees experience food safety or operational problems. We are also impacted by the costs and other effects of compliance with regulations affecting our workforce, which could have a negative impact on our business. The company is increasingly reliant on technological systems to conduct our business, and any failure of these systems could significantly impact our operations. We are committed to managing the impact of new, potential, or changing regulations that can affect our business plans. The ongoing relevance of our brand may depend on the success of our sustainability initiatives. Our results of operations and financial condition are affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which may adversely affect reported earnings. We face challenges and uncertainties associated with operating in developing markets, which may entail a relatively higher risk of political instability, economic volatility, and social unrest. Our success depends in part on our system's ability to recruit and retain qualified personnel to manage our operations. We are keenly aware of and working to manage the risks and costs associated with environmental sustainability matters. We believe that our strategic growth priorities align with our customers' evolving needs and will enhance our customers' experience and build shareholder value over the long term.