The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report on form 10-K. We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized, although we believe we have been prudent in our plans and assumptions. Achievement of future results is subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could vary materially from those anticipated, estimated, or projected. We do not undertake to update any forward-looking statement that we may make from time to time except as required by applicable law. Unfavorable litigation outcomes could materially adversely affect the consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or financial position of Altria Group, Inc., or the businesses of one or more of its subsidiaries. Legal proceedings covering a wide range of matters are pending or threatened against Altria Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries, including product liability, consumer protection, and antitrust claims. Litigation is subject to uncertainty, and it is possible that there could be adverse developments in pending or future cases. An unfavorable outcome or settlement of pending tobacco-related or other litigation could encourage the commencement of additional litigation. Altria Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries have achieved substantial success in managing litigation. Nevertheless, significant challenges remain, and it is possible that the consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or financial position of Altria Group, Inc., or the businesses of one or more of its subsidiaries, could be materially adversely affected in a particular fiscal quarter or fiscal year by an unfavorable outcome or settlement of certain pending litigation. Altria Group, Inc. may be unable to attract and retain the best talent due to the impact of decreasing social acceptance of tobacco usage and tobacco control actions. Our ability to implement our strategy of attracting and retaining the best talent may be impaired by the impact of decreasing social acceptance of tobacco usage and tobacco regulation and control actions. The tobacco industry competes for talent with the consumer products industry and other companies that enjoy greater societal acceptance. As a result, we may be unable to attract and retain the best talent. Altria Group, Inc.'s tobacco subsidiaries may be unsuccessful in developing and commercializing innovative tobacco products that may reduce the health risks associated with current tobacco products and that appeal to adult tobacco consumers. Adverse developments on any of these matters could negatively impact the commercial viability of such products. If our tobacco subsidiaries do not succeed in their efforts to develop and commercialize innovative tobacco products or to obtain regulatory approval for the marketing or sale of products with claims of reduced risk, but one or more of their competitors do succeed, our tobacco subsidiaries may be at a competitive disadvantage. Altria Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries' ability to grow new revenue streams may be limited if our operating companies are unable to move successfully into complementary products or processes. Altria Group, Inc. faces risks inherent in reliance on a few significant facilities and a small number of significant suppliers. A natural or man-made disaster or other disruption that affects the manufacturing operations of any of Altria Group, Inc.'s tobacco subsidiaries or the operations of any significant suppliers could adversely impact the operations of the affected subsidiaries. An extended disruption in operations experienced by one or more of Altria Group, Inc.'s subsidiaries or significant suppliers could have a material adverse effect on the business, the consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or financial position of Altria Group, Inc. and its tobacco subsidiaries. Altria Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries use information systems to help manage business processes, collect and interpret business data, and communicate internally and externally. Nevertheless, failure of our systems to function as intended, or penetration of our systems by outside parties intent on extracting or corrupting information, could result in loss of revenue, assets, or sensitive data, cause damage to the reputation of our companies and their brands, and result in legal challenges and significant remediation costs.