Our ability to continue to attract members will depend in part on our ability to consistently provide our members with compelling content choices, as well as a quality experience for selecting and viewing TV shows and movies. If our efforts to satisfy our existing members are not successful, we may not be able to attract members, and as a result, our ability to maintain and/or grow our business will be adversely affected. We must continually add new members both to replace members who cancel and to grow our business beyond our current member base. If growth rates slow faster than expected, we may not be able to adjust our expenditures or increase our revenues commensurate with the lowered growth rate such that our margins, liquidity, and results of operation may be adversely impacted. The long-term and fixed cost nature of our content commitments may limit our operating flexibility and could adversely affect our liquidity and results of operations. If we are unable to successfully compete with current and new competitors in both retaining our existing members and attracting new members, our business will be adversely affected. As we expand internationally, we must license content in advance of entering into a new geographical market. If we license content that is not favorably received by consumers in the applicable territory, acquisition and retention may be adversely impacted. We are devoting more resources toward the development, production, marketing, and distribution of original programming, including TV series and movies. We believe that original programming can help differentiate our service from other offerings, enhance our brand, and otherwise attract and retain members. If we are not able to manage change and growth, our business could be adversely affected. We are managing our business to address varied content offerings, consumer customs and practices, as well as differing legal and regulatory environments. If we fail to maintain or establish a positive reputation with consumers concerning our service, including the content we offer, we may not be able to attract or retain members, and our operating results may be adversely affected. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our members is dependent upon the reliable performance and security of our computer systems and those of third parties that we utilize in our operations. Any significant disruption in or unauthorized access to our computer systems could result in a loss or degradation of service, unauthorized disclosure of data, and could adversely impact our business. We have implemented certain systems and processes to thwart hackers and protect our data and systems. Our computer systems and those of third parties we use in our operations are vulnerable to cybersecurity risks, including cyber attacks. If our technology or that of third parties we utilize in our operations fails or otherwise operates improperly, our ability to operate our service, retain existing members, and add new members may be impaired. We rely upon the ability of consumers to access our service through the internet. To the extent that network operators implement usage-based pricing or otherwise try to monetize access to their networks by data providers, we could incur greater operating expenses, and our member acquisition and retention could be negatively impacted. Our failure to manage risks successfully could harm our international operations and our overall business. The need to adapt our content and user interfaces for specific cultural and language differences, including licensing a certain portion of our content library before we have developed a full appreciation for its performance within a given territory, could adversely affect our operations. We may seek additional capital that may result in stockholder dilution or that may have rights senior to those of our common stockholders. Our ability to obtain financing will depend on our development efforts, business plans, operating performance, and the condition of the capital markets at the time we seek financing.