Our business could be harmed by any of these risks, and we may encounter unforeseen operating expenses, difficulties, complications, delays, and other unknown factors that may result in increased costs. We expect our revenue growth rate to decline, but we may not accurately predict the rate or magnitude of such decline. Our capacity is largely driven by production factors such as facilities, data centers, and a trained workforce that require long-term investments and expense commitments which we cannot easily adjust in the short term. We may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to sustain profitability or positive cash flow from operations. Our quarterly results may fluctuate, and if we fail to meet the expectations of analysts or investors, our stock price could decline substantially. Many of these factors are outside of our control, and the occurrence of one or more of them might cause our operating results to vary widely. We face cyber-security risks, including unauthorized use or disclosure of customer data, theft of proprietary information, and computer hacking attacks. If any of these risks occur, our reputation may be harmed, and our ability to operate our business may be impaired. Disruptions in our services could damage our customers' businesses and harm our reputation and financial results. We cannot rapidly switch to new data centers or move customers from one data center to another in the event of any adverse event. Problems at these facilities could result in lengthy interruptions in our services and the loss of customer data. Our operations involve the storage, transmission, and processing of our customers' confidential, proprietary, and sensitive information. We depend on our senior management team, and if we lose key employees or are unable to attract and retain the employees we need to support our operations and growth, our business could be harmed. Our success depends largely upon the continued services of our management team and many key individual contributors. In the technology industry, there is substantial and continuous competition for engineers with high levels of experience. If we fail to attract new personnel or retain and motivate our current personnel, our business and future growth prospects could be harmed. Our ability to enhance our existing service, develop new applications, and promote our services depends on our ability to respond in a timely and cost-effective manner to rapid developments. We are expanding the breadth of our services to include offerings for service domains outside of IT and offerings for small and medium-sized businesses. Our growth depends in part on the success of our strategic relationships with third parties and their continued performance. We need to build services, implement partner programs, and provide training and other resources to recruit, retain, and enable these partners. Our business depends substantially on our existing customers purchasing additional subscriptions from us and renewing their subscriptions upon expiration. If we are unsuccessful in establishing or maintaining our relationships with these third parties, our ability to compete in the marketplace or to grow our revenues could be impaired. Our operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters, flooding, fire, power shortages, pandemics, and other events beyond our control. Although we maintain crisis management and disaster response plans, such events could make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver our services to our customers. We expect our cost of subscription revenues to increase in absolute dollar terms as we provide subscription services to more customers and increase the number of users within our customer instances. We expect to incur a GAAP loss for the year due to increased costs such as non-cash charges associated with equity awards and business combinations.