The statements in this section describe the major risks to our business and should be considered carefully. Our disclosure and analysis contain forward-looking statements that set forth anticipated results based on management's plans and assumptions. Achievement of anticipated results is subject to substantial risks, uncertainties, and inaccurate assumptions. Should known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could vary materially from past results and those anticipated. Pricing pressures and government regulation impact our business, and our future results could be adversely affected by changes in such regulations or policies. The adoption of restrictive price controls in new jurisdictions or more restrictive ones in existing jurisdictions could also adversely impact revenue. We encounter similar regulatory and legislative issues in most other countries, and government-mandated reductions in prices and access restrictions for certain biopharmaceutical products to control costs in those markets are expected to continue. Our growth potential depends on our ability to identify and develop new products or new indications for existing products that address unmet medical needs. Balancing current growth, investment for the future, and the delivery of shareholder return remains a major challenge. Our ongoing investments in new product introductions and in R&D for new products and existing product extensions could exceed corresponding sales growth, producing higher costs without a corresponding increase in revenues. The outcome of the lengthy and complex process of identifying new compounds and developing new products is inherently uncertain and involves a high degree of risk and cost. Regulatory delays, the inability to successfully complete or adequately design and implement clinical trials, and claims and concerns about safety and efficacy can adversely affect the realization of R&D and product-related forward-looking statements. We rely on third-party collaborators, service providers, and others in the development and commercialization of our products and product candidates. Failure by one or more of these third parties to meet their contractual, regulatory, or other obligations could delay or prevent the development, approval, or commercialization of our products and product candidates. Significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of information security could adversely affect our businesses. We maintain cyber liability insurance; however, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business, or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems. Our international operations could be affected by currency fluctuations, capital and exchange controls, expropriation, and other restrictive government actions. The global economic environment has not had, nor do we anticipate it will have, a material impact on our liquidity or capital resources. However, there can be no assurance that possible future changes in global financial markets and global economic conditions will not affect our liquidity or capital resources. We continue to pursue a multi-year initiative to outsource some transaction-processing activities, which could adversely affect our operations. We expect to continue to enhance our in-line products and product pipeline through acquisitions, licensing, and alliances, but these enhancement plans are subject to the availability and cost of appropriate opportunities. The success of our proposed acquisition of Hospira will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings from combining our businesses. The integration process may result in the loss of key employees, disruption of ongoing businesses, or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures, and policies.