The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face, as additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial may also impair our business operations. Our revenues depend on commercial network deployments, expansions, and upgrades of communications technologies, and our ability to drive our customers' demand for our products and services. Our industry is subject to competition in an environment of rapid technological change that could result in decreased demand and/or declining average selling prices for our products, which could negatively affect our revenues and operating results. We expect competition to increase as our current competitors expand their product offerings and as new opportunities develop, putting continued pressure on the pricing of our products and services. Our future success will depend on our ability to develop and offer integrated circuit products at competitive cost and price points, continue to drive the adoption of our integrated circuit products, and maintain and/or accelerate demand for our products. We anticipate that additional competitors will introduce products as a result of growth opportunities in wireless communications, which will require us to adapt our strategies. We continue to invest significant resources toward advancements in technologies and products that can create stand-alone value and/or contribute to the success of our existing businesses. Our research, development, and other investments in new technologies, products, and services may not generate operating income or contribute to future operating results that meet our expectations, particularly if we underestimate the costs or overestimate the future operating income and/or margins that could result from these investments. Our business practices continue to be the subject of an investigation, which may require us to confront challenges that could impact our operational continuity. We are subject to government regulations and policies, and our business may suffer as a result of new or changed laws, regulations, or policies. The unfavorable resolution of legal proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. We rely on a limited number of third-party suppliers for the procurement, manufacture, and testing of our products, and any failure by our suppliers could negatively impact our revenues and business operations. Our stock price and earnings are subject to substantial fluctuations, and we expect that we may continue to be involved in litigation that could disrupt our operations. Our ability to attract and retain qualified employees is critical to our success, and we face challenges in recruiting talent in a competitive market. Global economic conditions could negatively affect the demand for our products and services, which may lead to a reduction, cancellation, or delay of orders. We are committed to maintaining a strong portfolio of patents and intellectual property rights, which is essential for our competitive advantage and resilience in the market. Our strategic initiatives, including acquisitions and investments, are focused on opening new opportunities for our technologies and supporting the design and introduction of new products and services. We believe our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities will satisfy our working and other capital requirements over the next fiscal year and beyond, enabling us to continue our investment in research and development and strategic initiatives.