The risks described below could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, or financial condition. Adverse changes in general business and economic conditions in the United States and worldwide may reduce the demand for some of our products. A weakening or reversal of the general economic recovery may adversely impact our net sales, the collection of accounts receivable, and expected cash flow generation from current and acquired businesses. Global economic uncertainty continues to exist, and a continuation or worsening of these conditions could limit our ability to collect our accounts receivable. We generally fund a portion of our seasonal working capital needs through short-term borrowings backed by our revolving credit facility. If any of the banks in these credit and financing facilities are unable to perform on their commitments, our cash flow could be adversely impacted. Our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control, including general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors. We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us. Our results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition may be negatively impacted if we do not successfully integrate past and future acquisitions into our existing operations. Risks and uncertainties associated with our expansion into and operations in foreign markets could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, or financial condition. Our inability to successfully manage the risks and uncertainties relating to these factors could adversely affect our results of operations. We are subject to a wide variety of complex domestic and foreign laws and regulations, and legal compliance risks could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition. We expect health, safety, and environmental laws and regulations to impose increasingly stringent requirements upon our industry and us in the future. Our operations are subject to various domestic and foreign health, safety, and environmental laws and regulations, and the cost of compliance may adversely affect our results of operations. We continuously assess our potential liability for environmental investigation and remediation activities and adjust our environmental-related accruals as information becomes available. The nature, cost, quantity, and outcome of pending and future litigation could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, and financial condition. We are involved with environmental investigation and remediation activities at some of our currently and formerly owned sites, for which our ultimate liability may exceed the current amount we have accrued. Our historical financial results have been, and we anticipate that our future financial results will be, subject to fluctuations. We are exposed to risk associated with interest rates and value changes in foreign currencies, which may adversely affect our business. We actively manage the exposure of our foreign currency risk as part of our overall financial risk management policy. Our ability to generate cash, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors that are beyond our control. We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to meet our obligations. Any failure to comply with covenants in the instruments governing our debt could result in an event of default, which would have a material adverse effect on us.