The health care market continues to change based on demographic shifts, new regulations, political forces, and both payer and patient expectations. Delivery system modernization and payment reform are critical, and the alignment of incentives between key constituents remains an important theme. We are increasingly rewarding care providers for delivering improvements in quality and cost-efficiency. Our businesses participate in the U.S., Brazilian, and certain other international health economies. Health care spending comprises approximately 18% of gross domestic product and has grown consistently for many years. We expect overall spending on health care to continue to grow in the future due to inflation, medical technology and pharmaceutical advancement, regulatory requirements, demographic trends in the population, and national interest in health and well-being. The intensity of commercial pricing competition depends on local market conditions and competitive dynamics. We continue to take a prudent, market-sustainable posture for both new business and maintenance of existing relationships. Our medical cost trends are primarily related to unit costs, utilization, and prescription drug costs. Consistent with our experience in recent years, our cost trends were largely driven by continued unit cost pressure from health care providers. Although the weak economic environment combined with our medical cost management strategies has had a favorable impact on utilization trends in recent years, the impacts of health reform legislation are exerting upward pressure on medical cost trends. We seek to intensify our medical and operating cost management, make changes to the size and composition of our care provider networks, adjust members' benefits, and implement or increase member premiums over the monthly payments we receive from the government. The ongoing reductions to Medicare Advantage funding place continued importance on effective medical management and ongoing improvements in administrative efficiency. We advocate for actuarially sound rates that are commensurate with our medical cost trends and remain dedicated to partnering with those states that are committed to the long-term viability of their programs. Our relationships with government agencies are subject to the terms of contracts that we hold with the agencies and to laws and regulations regarding government contracts. We are routinely subject to various litigation actions due to the nature of our business, which could damage our reputation and, if resolved unfavorably, could result in substantial penalties or monetary damages. We must also obtain and maintain regulatory approvals to market many of our products, increase prices for certain regulated products, and complete certain acquisitions and dispositions or integrate certain acquisitions. Our ability to price adequately our products and services, provide effective service to our customers, and report accurately our results of operations depends on the integrity of the data in our information systems. If the information we rely upon to run our businesses is found to be inaccurate or unreliable, we could lose existing customers, have difficulty attracting new customers, and experience problems in determining medical cost estimates and establishing appropriate pricing. Our ability to manage our liquidity and financial position is essential to our overall business strategy, and we continually forecast and manage our cash, investments, working capital balances, and capital structure to meet the short-term and long-term obligations of our businesses while seeking to maintain liquidity and financial flexibility.