The organization’s ability to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite adversity is critical. We face significant competition which could adversely affect our business, financial position, and results of operations. If we are unable to timely and appropriately respond to competitive pressures, our business could be adversely affected. The transportation industry continues to consolidate, and competition remains strong; as a result, our competitors may increase their market share and improve their financial capacity. Business combinations could also result in competitors providing a wider variety of services and products at competitive prices, which could adversely affect our financial performance. Our business is subject to complex and stringent regulation, and any failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations could result in substantial fines or possible revocation of our authority to conduct our operations. Increased security requirements could impose substantial costs on us, and we could be the target of an attack or have a security breach, which could adversely affect our operations or reputation. Severe weather or other natural or manmade disasters could adversely affect our business, leading to decreased revenues or increased operational costs. We make significant capital investments in our business, and if we do not accurately forecast our future capital investment needs, we could have excess capacity or insufficient capacity, negatively affecting our revenues and profitability. We derive a significant portion of our revenues from our international operations and are subject to the risks of doing business in international markets. The geographical diversity of our international operations helps ensure that we are not overly reliant on a single region or country, but we are continually exposed to changing economic, political, and social developments beyond our control. We are exposed to the effects of changing prices of energy and interruptions in supplies of these commodities, which may significantly impact our operations. We mitigate our exposure to changing fuel prices through indexed fuel surcharges and hedging transactions. Our success depends in part on our ability to maintain the image of our brand and our reputation for providing excellent service to our customers. Damage to our reputation and loss of brand equity could reduce demand for our services and require additional resources to rebuild our reputation. A significant privacy breach or IT system disruption could adversely affect our business, and we may be required to increase our spending on data and system security. Our information technology systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions, or shutdowns, which could result in disruptions in our operations and damage to our brand and reputation. We monitor and manage our exposures to changes in currency exchange rates and interest rates, and make use of derivative instruments to mitigate the impact of changes in these rates on our financial position and results of operations. We believe that we have obtained several benefits as a result of changes to our health and welfare plans, including liability transfer and negotiated healthcare costs, which help reduce uncertainty around potential changes to healthcare laws and regulations. The combination of these factors influences our organizational resilience, enabling us to confront and adapt to various pressures and challenges in the business environment.