The intense pressure we face on client pricing may materially and adversely affect our revenues and profits. In order to stay competitive, we offer incentives to our clients to increase payments volume, enter new market segments, and expand their visa-branded card base. These include up-front cash payments, fee discounts, credits, performance-based incentives, marketing, and other support payments. The economic pressures on our clients arising from the Dodd-Frank Act have also increased our use of incentives. As a result, the provision of certain products and services may be less profitable or unprofitable, which may materially and adversely affect our revenues and profits. We may also have to modify existing agreements to maintain relationships or comply with regulations. While we may implement cost containment and productivity initiatives in areas other than those surrounding client incentives, we may not be successful in our efforts or they may not offset the decreases in our revenues. The global payments industry is intensely competitive, and our payment programs compete against all forms of payment, including cash, checks, electronic, e-commerce, and mobile payments. The Dodd-Frank Act increased this competitive pressure. Some of our competitors may develop substantially better technology or have greater financial resources. They may offer a wider range of programs, products, and services than we do, including more innovative ones. Our clients can reassess their commitments to us at any time or develop their own competitive services. The risk to maintaining or securing our clients' long-term commitments to our products increased with the Dodd-Frank Act's restrictions on network exclusivity in the debit sector. We do not have exclusivity with our largest clients, and in certain circumstances, our clients may terminate these relationships on relatively short notice without significant early termination fees. This could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We expect there to be changes in the competitive landscape in the future, including increased competition from alternate types of payment services and the development of new services and technologies. Our position in the payments value chain is key to our business, and we run the risk of disintermediation by virtue of increasing bilateral agreements between entities that prefer not to use our payments network for processing payments. We also depend significantly on relationships with our financial institution clients and their relationships with account holders and merchants to support and compete effectively for our programs and services. Our inability to oversee the end-to-end processing for cards carrying our brands in certain countries may put us at a competitive disadvantage by limiting our ability to ensure the quality of the services supporting our brands. The current threats to global economic growth include geopolitical instability, economic fragility, and consumer spending impacts. The volatility of the current economic environment may create new risks or increase the impact of existing ones, including reduced accuracy of our revenue estimates and potential cost-reduction initiatives by our clients. If we are unable to adapt to these pressures, it could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our transaction processing systems may experience service interruptions or degradation due to various factors, including natural disasters, fraud, or terrorist attacks. Any such incidents could result in a degradation or disruption of our services or damage to our properties, which could adversely affect the perception of our brands' reliability and materially reduce our revenues or operating results.