Investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk, and we believe that a significant portion of the value attributed to our company by investors is based on the commercial potential of lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor. Our business and future net product revenues depend heavily on the success of lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor, which has not been approved by the FDA or the European Commission. The regulations that govern pricing, coverage, and reimbursement for drugs vary widely from country to country, and adverse pricing limitations or a delay in obtaining coverage and reimbursement would decrease our future net product revenues and harm our business. We are incurring losses, and we may not become profitable in future periods. Our revenues will be dependent on continued sales of kalydeco and our ability to obtain regulatory approval for, and successfully commercialize, lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor. We expect to be substantially dependent on revenues from kalydeco until we obtain regulatory approval for lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor. Our ability to execute on our long-term strategy depends in part on our ability to acquire rights to additional drugs, drug candidates, and other technologies that have the potential to add to our pipeline or provide us with new commercial opportunities. We face significant competition for these types of drugs, drug candidates, and other technologies from a variety of other companies with interests in the specialty pharmaceutical marketplace. Our collaborators may change the focus of their development and commercialization efforts or may have insufficient resources to effectively develop our drug candidates. The ability of some of our products and drug candidates to reach their potential could be limited if collaborators decrease or fail to increase development or commercialization efforts related to those products or drug candidates. We rely on a worldwide network of third-party manufacturers to manufacture and distribute our drugs for commercial use and our drug candidates for clinical trials. Supply disruptions may result from a number of factors, including shortages in product raw materials, labor or technical difficulties, regulatory inspections or restrictions, shipping or customs delays, or any other performance failure by any third-party manufacturer on which we rely. Our research and development expenses include internal and external costs incurred for research and development of our drugs and drug candidates. We expect to continue investing in our research programs and fostering scientific innovation in order to identify and develop transformative medicines. Our business is focused on developing and commercializing therapies for the treatment of cystic fibrosis and advancing our research and early-stage development programs while maintaining our financial strength. We have implemented policies in an effort to comply with mandated reimbursement rates, but the U.S. federal government, state governments, and private payors frequently pursue actions against pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies alleging that the companies have overstated prices in order to inflate reimbursement rates. We have a corporate compliance program designed to actively identify, prevent, and mitigate risk through the implementation of compliance policies and systems. If we fail to manage our operations effectively, our business may suffer. Our future success will depend in large part on our ability to retain the services of our key scientific and management personnel and to integrate new scientific and management personnel into our business. A breakdown or breach of our information technology systems could subject us to liability or interrupt the operation of our business. We maintain and rely extensively on information technology systems and network infrastructures for the effective operation of our business.