The following discussion of risks is designed to highlight important factors that may adversely affect our business and expectations, including adverse conditions in the U.S. and international economies that could impact our results of operations. Unfavorable economic conditions may lead to a reduction in discretionary spending by consumers and delays in purchasing decisions by business customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Our ability to compete effectively will depend on our network quality, capacity, coverage, pricing of products and services, quality of customer service, and our development of new and enhanced products and services. We must adapt to changes in technology and address changing consumer demand on a timely basis to avoid a decline in demand for our services. Our industry is experiencing rapid change, and we need to enhance our existing offerings and introduce new offerings to address our customers' changing demands. We depend on key suppliers and vendors for equipment and services necessary to operate our business, and any failure to provide these on a timely basis could disrupt our operations. Our business operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters, power outages, and other events beyond our control, which could cause significant damage to our infrastructure and result in degradation or disruption of service. While we maintain insurance coverage for some of these events, potential liabilities could exceed our coverage. Our system redundancy may be ineffective, and our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient for all eventualities. Cyber attacks could adversely affect our business, causing equipment failures, loss of information, and disruptions to operations. The costs associated with a major cyber attack could include increased expenditures on cybersecurity measures and lost revenues from business interruption. Our operations are also subject to significant litigation, which could require us to pay substantial damages or settlements. Changes in the regulatory framework could adversely affect our business prospects or results of operations, and we are frequently required to maintain licenses for our operations. Adverse changes in the credit markets could increase our borrowing costs and limit our ability to obtain financing. We require a significant amount of capital to operate and grow our business, and adverse changes in the credit markets could impact our ability to fund our capital needs. In addition, increases in costs for pension benefits and healthcare benefits may reduce our profitability and increase our funding commitments. A significant portion of our workforce is represented by labor unions, and we could incur additional costs or experience work stoppages as a result of renegotiating labor contracts. Our dependence on key suppliers may continue as we develop and introduce advanced technology, and any disruption in this supply chain could have a material adverse effect on our business. Overall, our ability to respond effectively to these challenges and maintain operational continuity is critical to our organizational resilience and long-term success.