item 1a.   risk factors the company faces risks in the normal course of business and through global, regional, and local events that could have an adverse impact on its reputation, operations, and financial performance.
management directs a company-wide enterprise risk management (erm) program, with oversight from the company's board of directors. the company's audit committee has the delegated risk management oversight responsibility and receives updates on the risk management processes and key risk factors on a quarterly basis.
the company, through its business unit, functional, and corporate teams, continually updates, assesses, monitors, and mitigates these and other business and compliance risks in accordance with the erm program and as monitored by the erm program team and chief risk officer.
the risk factors that follow are the main risks that the erm program focuses on to protect and enhance shareholder value through intentional risk mitigation plans based on management-defined risk limits.
item 1a.   risk factors (continued)
the availability and prices of the agricultural commodities and agricultural commodity products the company procures, transports, stores, processes, and merchandises can be affected by climate change, weather conditions, disease, government programs, competition, and various other factors beyond the company's control and could adversely affect the company's operating results.
the availability and prices of agricultural commodities are subject to wide fluctuations, including impacts from factors outside the company's control such as changes in weather and climate, crop disease, plantings, government programs and policies, competition, and changes in global demand.  the company uses a global network of procurement, processing, and transportation assets, as well as robust communications between global commodity merchandiser teams, to continually assess price and basis opportunities. management-established limits (including a corporate wide value-at-risk metric), with robust internal reporting, help to optimize results versus the company's strategic plans. additionally, the company depends globally on agricultural producers to ensure an adequate supply of the agricultural commodities.
reduced supply of agricultural commodities could adversely affect the company's profitability by increasing the cost of raw materials and/or limiting the company's ability to procure, transport, store, process, and merchandise agricultural commodities in an efficient manner.  for example, a drought in argentina in 2017 and 2018 reduced the availability of corn and soybean inventories while prices increased.  high and volatile commodity prices can place more pressures on short-term working capital funding. conversely, if supplies are abundant and crop production globally outpaces demand for more than one or two crop cycles, price volatility is somewhat diminished. this could result in reduced operating results due to the lack of supply chain dislocations and reduced market spread and basis opportunities.
advances in technology, such as seed and crop protection, farming techniques, or speed of information flow, may reduce the significance of dislocations and arbitrage opportunities in the agricultural global markets, which may reduce the earnings potential of agricultural merchandisers and processors such as the company.
the company has significant competition in the markets in which it operates.
the company faces significant competition in each of its businesses and has numerous competitors, who can be different depending upon each of the business segments in which it participates.  the company competes for the acquisition of inputs such as agricultural commodities, transportation services, and other materials and supplies, as well as for workforce and talent. competition impacts the company's ability to generate and increase its gross profit as a result of the following factors:  pricing of the company's products is partly dependent upon industry processing capacity, which is impacted by competitor actions to bring idled capacity on-line, build new production capacity or execute aggressive consolidation; many of the products bought and sold by the company are global commodities or are derived from global commodities that are highly price competitive and, in many cases, subject to substitution; significant changes in exchange rates of foreign currencies versus the u.s. dollar, particularly the currencies of major crop growing countries, could also make goods and products of these countries more competitive than u.s. products; improved yields in different crop growing regions may reduce the reliance on origination territories in which the company has a significant presence; and continued merger and acquisition activities resulting in further consolidations could result in greater cost competitiveness and global scale of certain players in the industry, especially when acquirers are state-owned and/or backed by public funds and have profit and return objectives that may differ from publicly traded enterprises. to compete effectively, the company focuses on improving efficiency in its production and distribution operations, developing and maintaining appropriate market presence, maintaining a high level of product safety and quality, and working with customers to develop new products and tailored solutions.
fluctuations in energy prices could adversely affect the company's operating results.
the company's operating costs and the selling prices of certain finished products are sensitive to changes in energy prices.  the company's processing plants are powered principally by electricity, natural gas, and coal.  the company's transportation operations are dependent upon diesel fuel and other petroleum-based products.  significant increases in the cost of these items, including any consequences of regulation or taxation of greenhouse gases, could adversely affect the company's production costs and operating results.
item 1a.   risk factors (continued)
the company has certain finished products, such as ethanol and biodiesel, which are closely related to, or may be substituted for, petroleum products, or in the case of ethanol, blended into gasoline to increase octane content. therefore, the selling prices of ethanol and biodiesel can be impacted by the selling prices of gasoline, diesel fuel, and other octane enhancers.  a significant decrease in the price of gasoline, diesel fuel, or other octane enhancers could result in a significant decrease in the selling price of the company's ethanol and biodiesel. the company uses derivative contracts as anticipatory hedges for both purchases of commodity inputs and sales of energy-based products in order to protect itself in the near term against these price trends and to protect and maximize processing margins.
the company is subject to economic downturns and regional economic volatilities, which could adversely affect the company's operating results.
the company conducts its business and has substantial assets located in many countries and geographic areas. while 55 percent of the company's processing plants and 61 percent of its procurement facilities are located in the united states, the company also has significant operations in both developed areas (such as western europe, canada, and brazil) and emerging market areas. one of the company's strategies is to expand the global reach of its core model, which may include expanding or developing its business in emerging market areas. both developed and emerging market areas are subject to impacts of economic downturns, including decreased demand for the company's products, and reduced availability of credit, or declining credit quality of the company's suppliers, customers, and other counterparties. in addition, emerging market areas could be subject to more volatile operating conditions including, but not limited to, logistics limitations or delays, labor-related challenges, limitations or regulations affecting trade flows, local currency concerns, and other economic and political instability.  political fiscal instability could generate intrusive regulations in emerging markets, potentially creating unanticipated assessments of taxes, fees, increased risks of corruption, etc. economic downturns and volatile market conditions could adversely affect the company's operating results and ability to execute its long-term business strategies. the company mitigates this risk in many ways, including country risk and exposure analysis, government relations and tax compliance activities, and robust ethics compliance training requirements.
the company is subject to numerous laws, regulations, and mandates globally which could adversely affect the company's operating results and forward strategy.
the company does business globally, connecting crops and markets in more than 170 countries, and is required to comply with laws and regulations administered by the united states federal government as well as state, local, and non-u.s. governmental authorities in areas including: accounting and income taxes, anti-corruption, anti-bribery, global trade, trade sanctions, environmental, product safety, and handling and production of regulated substances.  the company frequently faces challenges from u.s. and foreign tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due.  these challenges include questions regarding the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. any failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations or appropriately resolve these challenges could subject the company to administrative, civil, and criminal remedies, including fines, penalties, disgorgement, injunctions, and recalls of its products, and damage to its reputation. resolution of some of these tax disputes could take many years and interest and penalties may be accruing in the meantime, thereby significantly increasing the notional amount of the exposures.
the production of the company's products use materials which can create emissions of certain regulated substances, including greenhouse gas emissions.  the company has programs and policies in place (e.g., corporate sustainability program, no-deforestation policy, environmental policy, etc.) to help ensure compliance with laws and regulations, as any failure to comply can have serious consequences, including civil, administrative, and criminal penalties as well as a negative impact on the company's reputation, business, cash flows, and results of operations.
in addition, changes to regulations or implementation of additional regulations - for example, the imposition of regulatory restrictions on greenhouse gases or regulatory modernization of food safety laws - may require the company to modify existing processing facilities and/or processes which could significantly increase operating costs and adversely affect operating results.
item 1a.   risk factors (continued)
government policies, mandates, and regulations specifically affecting the agricultural sector and related industries; regulatory policies or matters that affect a variety of businesses; taxation polices; and political instability could adversely affect the company's operating results.
agricultural production and trade flows are subject to government policies, mandates, regulations, and trade agreements, including taxes, tariffs, duties, subsidies, incentives, foreign exchange rates, and import and export restrictions, including policies related to genetically modified organisms, traceability standards, product safety and labeling, renewable fuels, and low carbon fuel mandates. these policies can influence the planting of certain crops; the location and size of crop production; whether unprocessed or processed commodity products are traded; the volume and types of imports and exports; the availability and competitiveness of feedstocks as raw materials; the viability and volume of production of certain of the company's products; and industry profitability.  for example, changes in government policies or regulations of ethanol and biodiesel including, but not limited to, changes in the renewable fuel standard program under the energy independence and security act of 2007 in the united states, can have an impact on the company's operating results.  international trade regulations can adversely affect agricultural commodity trade flows by limiting or disrupting trade between countries or regions. regulations of financial markets and instruments, including the dodd-frank act, consumer protection act, and the european market infrastructure regulation, create uncertainty and may lead to additional risks and costs, and could adversely affect the company's futures commission merchant business and its agricultural commodity risk management practices. future government policies may adversely affect the supply of, demand for, and prices of the company's products; adversely affect the company's ability to deploy adequate hedging programs; restrict the company's ability to do business in its existing and target markets; and adversely affect the company's revenues and operating results.
the company's operating results could be affected by political instability and by changes in monetary, fiscal, trade, and environmental policies, laws, regulations, and acquisition approvals, creating risks including, but not limited to: changes in a country's or region's economic or political conditions, local labor conditions and regulations, and safety and environmental regulations; reduced protection of intellectual property rights; changes in the regulatory or legal environment; restrictions on currency exchange activities; currency exchange fluctuations; burdensome taxes and tariffs; enforceability of legal agreements and judgments; adverse tax, administrative agency or judicial outcomes; and regulation or taxation of greenhouse gases.  international risks and uncertainties, including changing social and economic conditions as well as terrorism, political hostilities, and war, could limit the company's ability to transact business in these markets. there has been a recent increase in populism and nationalism in various countries around the world and the concept and benefits of free trade are being challenged. the company has benefited from the free flow of agricultural and food and feed ingredient products from the u.s. and other sources to markets around the world. increases in tariff and restrictive trade activities around the world (e.g., the china trade tariffs, iran sanctions) could negatively impact the company's ability to enter certain markets or the price of products may become less competitive in those markets.
the company's strategy involves expanding the volume and diversity of crops it merchandises and processes, expanding the global reach of its core model, and expanding its value-added product portfolio. government policies including, but not limited to, antitrust and competition law, trade restrictions, food safety regulations, sustainability requirements, and traceability, can impact the company's ability to execute this strategy successfully.
the company is subject to industry-specific risks which could adversely affect the company's operating results.
the company is subject to risks which include, but are not limited to, product safety or quality; shifting consumer preferences; federal, state, and local regulations on manufacturing or labeling; socially acceptable farming practices; environmental, health, and safety regulations; and customer product liability claims.  the liability which could result from certain of these risks may not always be covered by, or could exceed liability insurance related to product liability and food safety matters maintained by the company.  the company has a particularly strong capability and culture around occupational health and safety and food safety; however, risks to the company's reputation may exist due to potential negative publicity caused by product liability, food safety, occupational health and safety, and environmental matters.
certain of the company's merchandised commodities and finished products are used as ingredients in livestock and poultry feed.  the company is subject to risks associated with economic, product quality, feed safety or other factors which may adversely affect the livestock and poultry businesses, including the outbreak of disease in livestock and poultry, which could adversely affect demand for the company's products used as ingredients in feed.  in addition, as the company increases its investment in flavors and ingredients businesses, it is exposed to increased risks related to rapidly changing consumer preferences and the impacts these changes could have on the success of certain of the company's customers.
item 1a.   risk factors (continued)
the company is exposed to potential business disruption including, but not limited to, disruption of transportation services, supply of non-commodity raw materials used in its processing operations, and other impacts resulting from acts of terrorism or war, natural disasters, severe weather conditions, and accidents which could adversely affect the company's operating results.
the company's operations rely on dependable and efficient transportation services the disruption of which could result in difficulties supplying materials to the company's facilities and impair the company's ability to deliver products to its customers in a timely manner.  the company relies on access to navigable rivers and waterways in order to fulfill its transportation obligations more effectively.  in addition, if certain non-agricultural commodity raw materials, such as water or certain chemicals used in the company's processing operations, are not available, the company's business could be disrupted.  any major lack of available water for use in certain of the company's processing operations could have a material adverse impact on operating results.  certain factors which may impact the availability of non-agricultural commodity raw materials are out of the company's control including, but not limited to, disruptions resulting from weather, economic conditions, manufacturing delays or disruptions at suppliers, shortage of materials, interruption of energy supply, and unavailable or poor supplier credit conditions.
the assets and operations of the company could be subject to extensive property damage and business disruption from various events which include, but are not limited to, acts of terrorism (for example, purposeful adulteration of the company's products), war, natural disasters, severe weather conditions, accidents, explosions, and fires. the company is continuing to enhance and deploy additional food safety and security procedures and controls to appropriately mitigate the risks of any adulteration of the company's products in the supply chain and finished products in production and distribution networks. in addition, the company conforms to management systems, such as international organization for standardization (iso) or other recognized global standards.
the company's business is capital-intensive in nature and the company relies on cash generated from its operations and external financing to fund its growth and ongoing capital needs.  limitations on access to external financing could adversely affect the company's operating results.
the company requires significant capital, including continuing access to credit markets, to operate its current business and fund its growth strategy.  the company's working capital requirements, including margin requirements on open positions on futures exchanges, are directly affected by the price of agricultural commodities, which may fluctuate significantly and change quickly.  the company also requires substantial capital to maintain and upgrade its extensive network of storage facilities, processing plants, refineries, mills, ports, transportation assets, and other facilities to keep pace with competitive developments, technological advances, regulations, and changing safety standards in the industry.  moreover, the expansion of the company's business and pursuit of acquisitions or other business opportunities may require significant amounts of capital.  access to credit markets and pricing of the company's capital is dependent upon maintaining sufficient credit ratings from credit rating agencies.  sufficient credit ratings allow the company to access cost competitive tier one commercial paper markets. if the company is unable to maintain sufficiently high credit ratings, access to these commercial paper and other debt markets and costs of borrowings could be adversely affected.  if the company is unable to generate sufficient cash flow or maintain access to adequate external financing, including as a result of significant disruptions in the global credit markets, it could restrict the company's current operations and its growth opportunities. the company manages this risk with constant monitoring of credit/liquidity metrics, cash forecasting, and routine communications with credit rating agencies on risk management practices.
the company's risk management strategies may not be effective.
the company has a chief risk officer who regularly reports to the board of directors on the myriad of risks facing the company and the company's strategies for mitigating the risks. in particular, the company's business is affected by fluctuations in agricultural commodity cash prices and derivative prices, transportation costs, energy prices, interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, and equity markets.  the company monitors position limits and counterparty risks and engages in other strategies and controls to manage these risks. the company regularly reports its aggregate commodity risk exposures to the board of directors through the erm process. the company has an established commodity merchandising governance process to ensure proper position reporting and monitoring, limit approvals, and execute training on trade compliance, commodity regulatory reporting controls, and other policies. the company's monitoring efforts may not be successful at detecting a significant risk exposure.  if these controls and strategies are not successful in mitigating the company's exposure to these fluctuations, it could adversely affect the company's operating results.
item 1a.   risk factors (continued)
the company has limited control over and may not realize the expected benefits of its equity investments and joint ventures.
the company has $5.3 billion invested in or advanced to joint ventures and investments over which the company has limited control as to the governance and management activities.  net sales to unconsolidated affiliates during the year ended december 31, 2018 was $6.8 billion.  risks related to these investments may include: the financial strength of the investment partner; loss of revenues and cash flows to the investment partner and related gross profit; the inability to implement beneficial management strategies, including risk management and compliance monitoring, with respect to the investment's activities; and the risk that the company may not be able to resolve disputes with the partner.  the company may encounter unanticipated operating issues, financial results, or compliance and reputational risks related to these investments. the company mitigates this risk using controls and policies related to joint venture formation, governance (including board of directors' representation), merger and acquisition integration management, and harmonization of joint venture policies with the company's policies and controls.
the company's information technology (it) systems, processes, and sites may suffer interruptions, security breaches, or failures which may affect the company's ability to conduct its business.
the company's operations rely on certain key it systems, some of which are dependent on services provided by third parties, to provide critical data connectivity, information, and services for internal and external users.  these interactions include, but are not limited to: ordering and managing materials from suppliers; risk management activities; converting raw materials to finished products; inventory management; shipping products to customers; processing transactions; summarizing and reporting results of operations; human resources benefits and payroll management; and complying with regulatory, legal or tax requirements.  the company is also in the process of implementing a new enterprise resource planning (erp) system on a worldwide basis as part of its ongoing business transformation program, which is expected to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of certain financial and business transaction processes and the underlying systems environment. increased it security and social engineering threats and more sophisticated computer crime, including advanced persistent threats, pose a potential risk to the security of the company's it systems, networks, and services, as well as the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of the company's third party data. the company is subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the united states and other jurisdictions regarding privacy, data protection, and data security, including those related to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal data. compliance with and interpretation of data privacy regulations, including the european union general data protection regulation implemented in 2018, continues to evolve and any violation could subject the company to legal claims, regulatory penalties, and damage to its reputation. the company has put in place security measures to prevent, detect, and mitigate cyber-based attacks, and has instituted control procedures for cyber security incident responses and disaster recovery plans for its critical systems. in addition, the company monitors this risk on an ongoing basis to detect and correct any breaches, and reports metrics on the quality of the company's data security efforts and control environment to the highest level of management and to the board of directors. however, if the company's it systems are breached, damaged, or cease to function properly due to any number of causes, such as catastrophic events, power outages, security breaches, or cyber-based attacks, and the company's disaster recovery plans do not effectively mitigate the risks on a timely basis, the company may suffer significant interruptions in its ability to manage its operations, loss of valuable data, actual or threatened legal actions, and damage to its reputation, which may adversely impact the company's revenues, operating results, and financial condition.
the company may fail to realize the benefits or experience delays in the execution of its growth strategy, encompassing organic and inorganic initiatives, outside the u.s. and in businesses where the company does not currently have a large presence.
as the company executes its growth strategy, through both organic and inorganic growth, it may encounter risks which could result in increased costs, decreased revenues, and delayed synergies. recent investments outside the u.s. include neovia, certain assets of brazil-based algar agro, protexin, and rodelle, inc. growth in new geographies outside the u.s. can expose the company to volatile economic, political, and regulatory risks that may negatively impact its operations and ability to achieve its growth strategy. expanding businesses where the company has limited presence may expose the company to risks related to the inability to identify an appropriate partner or target and favorable terms, inability to retain/hire strategic talent, or integration risks that may require significant management resources that would have otherwise been available for ongoing growth or operational initiatives. acquisitions may involve unanticipated delays, costs, and other problems. due diligence performed prior to the acquisition may not identify a material liability or issue that could impact the company's reputation or adversely affect results of operations resulting in a reduction of the anticipated acquisition benefits. additionally, acquisitions may involve integration risks such as: internal control effectiveness, system integration risks, the risk of impairment charges related to goodwill and other intangibles, ability to retain acquired employees, and other unanticipated risks.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations company overview this md&a should be read in conjunction with the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
the company's vision is to be the most admired global agribusiness and nutrition company while creating value and growing responsibly. the company's growth strategy is spread across its five key growth platforms: taste, nutrition, animal nutrition, health and wellness, and carbohydrates. the company desires to execute this vision and these strategies by conducting its business in accordance with its core values of operating with integrity, treating others with respect, achieving excellence, being resourceful, displaying teamwork, and being responsible.
the company is principally engaged in procuring, transporting, storing, processing, and merchandising agricultural commodities, products, and ingredients.  the company uses its significant global asset base to originate and transport agricultural commodities, connecting to markets in more than 170 countries.  the company also processes corn, oilseeds, and wheat into products for food, animal feed, chemical and energy uses.  the company also engages in the manufacturing, sale, and distribution of specialty products including natural flavor ingredients, flavor systems, natural colors, proteins, emulsifiers, soluble fiber, polyols, hydrocolloids, natural health and nutrition products, and other specialty food and feed ingredients. the company uses its global asset network, business acumen, and its relationships with suppliers and customers to efficiently connect the harvest to the home thereby generating returns for our shareholders, principally from margins earned on these activities.
the company's operations are organized, managed, and classified into four reportable business segments: origination, oilseeds, carbohydrate solutions, and nutrition.  each of these segments is organized based upon the nature of products and services offered.  the company's remaining operations are not reportable business segments, as defined by the applicable accounting standard, and are classified as other.  financial information with respect to the company's reportable business segments is set forth in note 17 of "notes to consolidated financial statements" included in item 8.
effective january 1, 2018, the company changed its segment reporting to reflect changes in its operating structure. the company's new segments are origination (formerly agricultural services), oilseeds (formerly oilseeds processing), carbohydrate solutions (formerly corn processing), and nutrition (formerly wild flavors and specialty ingredients). the european origination business previously reported in oilseeds is now managed by leaders in origination to better coordinate continental trading activities. carbohydrate solutions now includes the results of adm milling, which were previously reported in origination. in addition, the company also moved the segment reporting of its renewable chemicals business from carbohydrate solutions to oilseeds effective july 1, 2018. nutrition now includes the results of animal nutrition and certain product lines previously reported in carbohydrate solutions as well as certain product lines previously reported in oilseeds.
•   the investment in june 2018 of a 50% interest in soyven, a joint venture with cargill to provide soybean meal and oil for customers in egypt;
•   the acquisition in june 2018 of a 50% equity stake in the starches and sweeteners business of russian-based aston foods and food ingredients;
•   the sale in july 2018 of the company's oilseeds operations in bolivia to inversiones piuranas s.a.;
•   the acquisition in august 2018 of probiotics international limited, a british-based provider of probiotic supplements for human, pet, and production-animal uses;
•   the acquisition in august 2018 of rodelle inc., a premium originator, processor and supplier of vanilla products;
•   the announcement in october 2018 of the launch of grainbridge llc, a 50% joint venture with cargill that will develop and offer revolutionary new digital tools to help farmers make more informed grain marketing decisions based on personalized production economics;
•   the acquisition in december 2018 of certain soybean origination, crushing, refining, and bottling assets from brazil-based algar agro;
•   the acquisition in january 2019 of neovia, a french-based global provider of value-added animal nutrition solutions, with 72 production facilities and a presence in 25 countries;
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
•   the announcement in january 2019 of an agreement to purchase florida chemical company, one of the world's largest providers of citrus oils and ingredients, which is subject to regulatory approval and expected to close in the first quarter of 2019; and
•   the announcement in january 2019 of an agreement to purchase the remaining 50% interest owned by invivo in gleadell agriculture ltd., a current joint venture with invivo, which is subject to regulatory approval and is expected to close in the first quarter of 2019.
the company executes its strategic vision through three pillars: optimize the core, drive efficiencies, and expand strategically, all supported by its readiness culture. during 2018, the company launched readiness to drive new efficiencies and improve the customer experience in the company's existing businesses through a combination of data and analytics, process simplification and standardization, and behavioral and cultural change; building upon its earlier 1adm and operational excellence programs. readiness will also support the execution of the company's growth strategies across its five key growth platforms: taste, nutrition, animal nutrition, health and wellness, and carbohydrates.
operating performance indicators the company's origination and oilseeds operations are principally agricultural commodity-based businesses where changes in selling prices move in relationship to changes in prices of the commodity-based agricultural raw materials. therefore, changes in agricultural commodity prices have relatively equal impacts on both revenues and cost of products sold. thus, changes in revenues of these businesses do not necessarily correspond to the changes in margins or gross profit.
the company's carbohydrate solutions operations and nutrition businesses also utilize agricultural commodities (or products derived from agricultural commodities) as raw materials. however, in these operations, agricultural commodity market price changes do not necessarily correlate to changes in cost of products sold. thus, changes in revenues of these businesses may correspond to changes in margins or gross profit.
the company has consolidated subsidiaries in more than 80 countries.  for the majority of the company's subsidiaries located outside the united states, the local currency is the functional currency. revenues and expenses denominated in foreign currencies are translated into u.s. dollars at the weighted average exchange rates for the applicable periods. for the majority of the company's business activities in brazil and argentina, the functional currency is the u.s. dollar; however, certain transactions, including taxes, occur in local currency and require remeasurement to the functional currency. changes in revenues are expected to be correlated to changes in expenses reported by the company caused by fluctuations in the exchange rates of foreign currencies, primarily the euro, british pound, canadian dollar, and brazilian real, as compared to the u.s. dollar.
the company measures its performance using key financial metrics including net earnings, segment operating profit, return on invested capital, ebitda, economic value added, manufacturing expenses, and selling, general, and administrative expenses. the company's financial results can vary significantly due to changes in factors such as fluctuations in energy prices, weather conditions, crop plantings, government programs and policies, trade policies, changes in global demand, general global economic conditions, changes in standards of living, and global production of similar and competitive crops. due to these unpredictable factors, the company undertakes no responsibility for updating any forward-looking information contained within "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations."
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
as an agricultural commodity-based business, the company is subject to a variety of market factors which affect the company's operating results. in 2018, markets were volatile amid escalating global trade tensions including the announcement of tariffs on chinese imports of u.s. soybeans. in origination, strong demand for feedstuffs in light of weather conditions in northern europe resulted in higher sales volumes and margins in destination markets, and strong basis positions across commodities resulted in higher margins. in oilseeds, dry conditions in argentina resulted in a smaller soybean crop, which combined with continued good global meal demand, resulted in strong global crushing margins and volumes. south american origination volumes and margins benefited from stronger farmer selling. demand and margins for refined oil remained solid, and biodiesel margins improved. excess global peanut supply resulted in weak peanut margins. in carbohydrate solutions, global demand and prices for starches and sweeteners remained solid in north america while co-product prices were stable. u.s. ethanol industry production remained at high levels. although ethanol demand remained strong both in north america and export markets due to favorable gasoline blending economics and ethanol's continuing status as a competitive octane enhancer, margins continue to remain under pressure. nutrition benefited from strong demand for flavor ingredients and flavor systems and from strong demand for and favorable margin development in certain non-flavor food businesses.
net earnings attributable to controlling interests increased 13% or $0.2 billion, to $1.8 billion. segment operating profit increased 29% or $0.7 billion, to $3.3 billion. included in segment operating profit in the current year was a net charge of $89 million consisting of asset impairment, restructuring, and settlement charges and a net gain on sales of assets and businesses. included in segment operating profit in the prior year was a net charge of $134 million consisting of asset impairment and restructuring charges, a net gain on sales of assets and businesses, and corn hedge timing effects. adjusted segment operating profit increased $0.7 billion to $3.4 billion due to an increase in sales prices and volumes of corn and meal, improved margins in origination, oilseeds, and nutrition, and the benefits of the 2017 biodiesel tax credit which was approved and received in the first quarter of 2018, partially offset by lower ethanol margins. corporate results were a net charge of $1.2 billion in the current year compared to $0.9 billion in the prior year. corporate results in the current year included a pension settlement charge of $117 million, a $49 million charge related to a discontinued software project, restructuring charges of $24 million primarily related to the reorganization of it services, and a credit of $18 million from the effect of changes in agricultural commodity prices on lifo inventory valuation reserves, compared to a credit of $2 million in the prior year. corporate results in the prior year also included $54 million of restructuring charges primarily related to the reduction of certain positions within the company's global workforce.
income taxes of $245 million increased $238 million due to a higher effective tax rate and higher earnings before income taxes. the company's effective tax rate for 2018 increased to 11.9% compared to 0.4% for 2017 due primarily to the low rate in 2017 that was impacted by favorable tax adjustments related to the tax cuts and jobs act totaling $379 million. the effective tax rate for the current year also included the final effects of the u.s. tax reform and the 2017 biodiesel tax credit recorded in the first quarter of 2018, along with certain favorable discrete tax items netting to a favorable $74 million.
analysis of statements of earnings processed volumes by product for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017 are as follows (in metric tons):
(in thousands)          2018   2017                   change oilseeds         36,308            34,733            5     %
the company generally operates its production facilities, on an overall basis, at or near capacity, adjusting facilities individually, as needed, to react to the current margin environment and seasonal local supply and demand conditions. processed volumes of oilseeds increased due to increasing global demand for oilseed products, particularly meal, and higher crushing volumes in north america due to the reduced soybean crop in argentina. the overall decrease in corn is primarily related to decreased current year processing after the reconfiguration of the company's peoria, illinois ethanol complex in the third quarter of fiscal 2017 and production issues in the decatur, illinois corn complex in 2018.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
(in millions)                                        2018                2017               change origination merchandising and handling                    $24,816             $23,915                $901
revenues and cost of products sold in commodity merchandising and processing businesses are significantly correlated to the underlying commodity prices and volumes. in periods of significant changes in commodity prices, the underlying performance of the company is better evaluated by looking at margins since both revenues and cost of products sold, particularly in oilseeds and origination, generally have a relatively equal impact from commodity price changes which generally result in an insignificant impact to gross profit.
revenues increased $3.5 billion or 6%, to $64.3 billion due principally to higher sales prices ($2.3 billion) and higher sales volumes ($1.2 billion). the increase in sales prices and volumes was due primarily to increases in corn and soybean meal. origination revenues increased 4% to $25.1 billion due to higher sales prices ($2.1 billion), partially offset by lower sales volumes ($1.2 billion). oilseeds revenues increased 11% to $24.8 billion due to higher sales volumes ($2.0 billion) and higher sales prices ($0.4 billion). carbohydrate solutions revenues decreased 1% to $10.3 billion due to lower sales prices ($0.2 billion), partially offset by higher sales volumes ($0.1 billion). nutrition revenues increased 8% to $3.8 billion due to higher sales volumes ($0.3 billion).
cost of products sold increased $2.9 billion to $60.2 billion due principally to higher sales volumes and higher prices for commodities. included in cost of products sold was a credit of $18 million from the effect of changes in agricultural commodity prices on lifo inventory valuation reserves compared to $2 million in the prior year. manufacturing expenses increased $0.2 billion to $5.4 billion due principally to increased energy cost, railroad maintenance expense that has an offsetting benefit in income tax expense, and other individually insignificant increases in certain expense categories.
foreign currency translation impacts increased both revenues and cost of products sold by $0.4 billion.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
gross profit increased $0.7 billion or 19%, to $4.2 billion. higher results in crushing and origination ($490 million), refining, packaging, biodiesel, and other ($99 million), merchandising and handling ($204 million), and wild flavors and specialty ingredients ($76 million) were partially offset by lower results in bioproducts ($103 million) and other ($36 million). these factors are explained in the segment operating profit discussion on page 33. the effect of changes in agricultural commodity prices on lifo inventory valuation reserves had a positive impact on gross profit of $18 million compared to $2 million in the prior year.
selling, general, and administrative expenses increased 9% to $2.2 billion due principally to higher performance-related compensation accruals and increased pension and project-related expenses.
asset impairment, exit, and restructuring costs decreased $2 million to $171 million. current year charges consisted of $56 million of impairment of certain long-lived assets, a $12 million impairment of an equity investment, a $21 million impairment related to a long-term financing receivable, and $9 million of other individually insignificant impairment and restructuring charges (presented as specified items within segment operating profit), and a $49 million charge related to a discontinued software project, $18 million of restructuring charges related to the reorganization of it services and $6 million of individually insignificant restructuring charges in corporate. prior year charges consisted of $63 million of asset impairments related to the reconfiguration of the company's peoria, illinois ethanol complex, $20 million of asset impairments related to the closure of a facility, and $36 million of several individually insignificant asset impairments and restructuring charges presented as specified items within segment operating profit, and $54 million of restructuring charges in corporate primarily related to the reduction of certain positions within the company's global workforce.
equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates increased $62 million to $518 million due to earnings from a new equity investment and higher earnings from the company's equity investments in cip and olenex, partially offset by lower earnings from other equity investments.
other expense - net of $101 million increased $111 million from net income of $10 million. current year expense included foreign exchange losses and a non-cash pension settlement charge of $117 million related to the purchase of a group annuity contract that irrevocably transferred the future benefit obligations and annuity administration for certain u.s. salaried retirees under the company's adm retirement plan. these expenses were partially offset by gains on disposals of businesses, an equity investment, and individually insignificant assets in the ordinary course of business, and other income. prior year net income included gains related to the sale of the crop risk services business and disposals of other individually insignificant assets in the ordinary course of business, partially offset by an adjustment of the proceeds of the 2015 sale of the cocoa business, changes in contingent settlement provisions, a charge related to the early redemption of the company's $559 million notes due march 15, 2018, and foreign exchange losses.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
segment operating profit, adjusted segment operating profit (a non-gaap measure), and earnings before income taxes for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017 are as follows:
segment operating profit                                     2018                2017             change
gains on sales of assets and businesses                    13                  22                (9    )
impairment, restructuring, and settlement charges        (102   )            (160   )            58
total segment operating profit                         $3,273              $2,536              $737
adjusted segment operating profit(1)                   $3,362              $2,670              $692
segment operating profit                               $3,273              $2,536              $737
(1) adjusted segment operating profit is segment operating profit excluding the listed specified items.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
origination operating profit increased 35%. merchandising and handling was up significantly year-over-year. global trade delivered strong results due to increased volumes, strong margins, and improved opportunities in the soybean and feedstuff value chain. north american grain was up due to improved margins and higher volumes. transportation was up due primarily to higher freight rates.
oilseeds operating profit increased 79%. crushing and origination results increased due to a strong global demand and margin environment. the reduced soybean crop in argentina combined with continued good global meal demand resulted in strong crushing margins and volumes. south america saw strong origination volumes and improving margins as farmer selling accelerated. refining, packaging, biodiesel, and other results were higher mainly due to the 2017 biodiesel tax credit of approximately $120 million which was approved and received in the first quarter of 2018, solid biodiesel results, and higher earnings from the company's investment in olenex, partially offset by weaker peanut shelling margins primarily caused by large peanut inventories and difficult market conditions. asia results increased due to higher earnings from the company's investment in wilmar.
carbohydrate solutions operating profit decreased 12%. starches and sweeteners results decreased due to lower margins and volumes in liquid sweeteners mainly due to production issues in the decatur, illinois corn complex partially offset by improved results from starches and dry sweeteners. bioproducts results were down as near record industry fuel ethanol inventories pressured margins and production issues in the decatur, il corn complex increased costs, partially offset by effective ethanol risk management.
nutrition operating profit increased 9%. wild flavors and specialty ingredients results were up due to improved earnings across the segment and higher sales volumes related to contributions from new acquisitions and organic growth. in wild flavors, an improved portfolio mix boosted sales and margins. health and wellness improved driven largely by increased contributions from bioactives. specialty ingredients was up due to improved volumes and margins in proteins and increased sales in fibers partially offset by lower results in polyols. animal nutrition was down due to operational issues in decatur, il that constrained lysine production volumes and increased manufacturing costs partially offset by improved premix and commercial feed margins.
other operating profit increased 14% primarily due to stronger results from its futures commission brokerage business due to higher short-term interest rates, partially offset by lower underwriting results from the company's captive insurance operations during the first half of 2018.
(in millions)                                                2018   2017                       change lifo credit (charge)                                      $18                $2              $16
impairment, restructuring, and settlement charges        (190   )           (54   )         (136    )
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
corporate results were a net charge of $1.2 billion in the current year compared to $0.9 billion in the prior year. the effect of changes in agricultural commodity prices on lifo inventory valuation reserves resulted in a credit of $18 million in the current year compared to a credit of $2 million in the prior year. interest expense - net increased $11 million due to higher interest rates on short-term debt and higher borrowings, partially offset by interest income related to a tax credit and lower-tax related expense. unallocated corporate costs increased $190 million due principally to higher performance-related compensation accruals, increased pension and project-related expenses, and railroad maintenance expense that has an offsetting benefit in income tax expense. acquisition-related expenses in the current year related to expenses and losses on foreign currency derivative contracts entered into to economically hedge certain acquisitions. loss on debt extinguishment in the prior period related to the early redemption of the $559 million aggregate principal amount of 5.45% notes due on march 15, 2018. impairment, restructuring, and settlement charges in the current year included a pension settlement charge of $117 million, a $49 million charge related to a discontinued software project, and restructuring charges of $24 million primarily related to the reorganization of it services compared to restructuring charges related to the reduction of certain positions within the company's global workforce of $54 million in the prior year. other charges decreased $32 million primarily due to improved results in the company's investment in cip and lower non-service cost related pension expenses.
non-gaap financial measures the company uses adjusted earnings per share (eps), adjusted earnings before taxes, interest, and depreciation and amortization (ebitda), and adjusted segment operating profit, non-gaap financial measures as defined by the securities and exchange commission, to evaluate the company's financial performance. these performance measures are not defined by accounting principles generally accepted in the united states and should be considered in addition to, and not in lieu of, gaap financial measures.
adjusted eps is defined as diluted eps adjusted for the effects on reported diluted eps of specified items. adjusted ebitda is defined as earnings before taxes, interest, and depreciation and amortization, adjusted for specified items. the company calculates adjusted ebitda by removing the impact of specified items and adding back the amounts of interest expense and depreciation and amortization to earnings before income taxes. adjusted segment operating profit is segment operating profit adjusted, where applicable, for specified items.
management believes that adjusted eps, adjusted ebitda, and adjusted segment operating profit are useful measures of the company's performance because they provide investors additional information about the company's operations allowing better evaluation of underlying business performance and better period-to-period comparability. adjusted eps, adjusted ebitda, and adjusted segment operating profit are not intended to replace or be an alternative to diluted eps, earnings before income taxes, and segment operating profit, respectively, the most directly comparable amounts reported under gaap.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
the table below provides a reconciliation of diluted eps to adjusted eps for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017.
in millions         per share           in millions         per share average number of shares outstanding - diluted                                                                                  567                                     572
adjustments:
lifo charge (credit) (net of tax of $4 million in 2018 and $1 million in 2017) (1)                                              (14     )       (0.02     )              (1     )           -
(gains) losses on sales of assets and businesses (net of tax of $0 million in 2018 and $32 million in 2017) (2)                 (13     )       (0.02     )              10              0.02
asset impairment, restructuring, and settlement charges (net of tax of $66 million in 2018 and $70 million in 2017) (2)         226              0.40                   144              0.25
acquisition-related expenses (net of tax of $2 million) (2)                                                                       6              0.01                     -                 -
loss on debt extinguishment (net of tax of $4 million) (1)                                                                        -                 -                     7              0.01
tax adjustments (3)                                                                                                             (33     )       (0.06     )            (366     )       (0.64     )
(3) includes tax adjustments related to the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act.
the tables below provide a reconciliation of earnings before income taxes to adjusted ebitda and adjusted ebitda by segment for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017.
(in millions)                                                      2018                2017             change earnings before income taxes                                 $2,060              $1,609              $451
(gains) losses on sales of assets and businesses                (13   )             (22   )             9
asset impairment, restructuring, and settlement charges         292                 214                78
(in millions)                                                      2018                2017             change origination                                                    $717                $581               136
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
as an agricultural commodity-based business, the company is subject to a variety of market factors which affect the company's operating results. in origination, u.s. export competitiveness was strong during the first half of 2017 but weakened during the second half due to the large crops in south america. overall low market volatility continued due to surplus in the global market. in carbohydrate solutions, demand and prices for sweeteners and starches remained solid in north america while co-product prices were stable. ethanol continues to face a challenging environment. although ethanol demand remained strong both in north america and export markets due to favorable gasoline blending economics and ethanol's continuing status as a competitive octane enhancer, u.s. industry ethanol production also remained at high levels which limited margins. global oilseeds processing volumes remained strong, but ample supply of competing proteins and abundance of argentine meal and oil in world markets pressured margins. slow selling by farmers in brazil continues to depress grain origination margins despite strong export volumes. while demand and margins for refined oil remained solid across all regions, uncertainty surrounding the u.s. biodiesel tax credit has negatively impacted biodiesel margins. nutrition benefited from strong demand for flavor ingredients and flavor systems, but continued to be adversely affected by start-up costs and margin pressure in certain non-flavor food ingredient markets.
net earnings attributable to controlling interests increased $0.3 billion to $1.6 billion. segment operating profit decreased $0.2 billion to $2.5 billion. included in segment operating profit in 2017 was a net charge of $134 million consisting of a net gain on sales of assets and businesses, impairment, restructuring, and settlement charges, and corn hedge timing effects. included in segment operating profit in 2016 was income of $81 million consisting of a net gain on sales of assets and businesses/revaluation, impairment and restructuring charges, and corn hedge timing effects. adjusted segment operating profit increased $47 million to $2.7 billion due to solid results in carbohydrate solutions, partially offset by weaker south american origination margins, lower soybean crush margins, and weaker results in some specialty ingredients. corporate results were a net charge of $927 million in 2017 compared to $882 million in 2016. corporate results in 2017 included a credit of $2 million from the effect of changes in agricultural commodity prices on lifo inventory valuation reserves, compared to a charge of $19 million in 2016.
income taxes decreased $527 million due to lower earnings before income taxes and a lower effective tax rate. the company's effective tax rate for 2017 decreased to 0.4% compared to 29.3% for 2016 due primarily to the estimated impact of the tax cuts and jobs act (the "act"). excluding the impact of the act, the company's effective tax rate for 2017 would have decreased from 29.3% to approximately 24.0% due primarily to the impact of changes in discrete tax items, including the favorable resolution of an uncertain tax position related to a 2014 acquisition and return to provision adjustments in the current year, partially offset by changes in the geographic mix of pre-tax earnings and the expiration of u.s. tax credits, including the biodiesel credit, at the end of 2016 (see note 13 in item 8 for more information).
analysis of statements of earnings processed volumes by product for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016 are as follows (in metric tons):
(in thousands)          2017   2016                   change oilseeds         34,733            33,788            3     %
the company generally operates its production facilities, on an overall basis, at or near capacity, adjusting facilities individually, as needed, to react to the current margin environment and seasonal local supply and demand conditions. processed volumes of oilseeds increased due to the strong demand environment for soybean meal and canola oil. the overall increase in corn is due to the strong demand environment for ethanol, partially offset by the production disruption in one of the company's plants due to a water main break in the first quarter and the reconfiguration of the company's peoria, illinois ethanol complex.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
(in millions)                                        2017                2016               change origination merchandising and handling                    $23,915             $25,522             $(1,607    )
revenues and cost of products sold in commodity merchandising and processing businesses are significantly correlated to the underlying commodity prices and volumes. in periods of significant changes in commodity prices, the underlying performance of the company is better evaluated by looking at margins since both revenues and cost of products sold, particularly in oilseeds and origination, generally have a relatively equal impact from commodity price changes which generally result in an insignificant impact to gross profit.
revenues decreased $1.5 billion, or 2%, to $60.8 billion due to lower sales volumes ($1.4 billion) and lower average sales prices ($0.1 billion). the decrease in sales volumes was due principally to a decrease in volumes of unprocessed commodities, in particular volumes of soybeans, corn, rapeseed, and wheat. origination revenues decreased 6% to $24.1 billion due to lower sales volumes ($1.5 billion) and lower average sales prices ($0.1 billion). oilseeds revenues increased 2% to $22.4 billion due to higher sales volumes ($0.4 billion). carbohydrate solutions revenues decreased 3% to $10.4 billion due to lower sales volumes ($0.3 billion). nutrition revenues of $3.5 billion were comparable to 2016.
cost of products sold decreased $1.4 billion to $57.3 billion due principally to lower sales volumes. included in cost of products sold is a credit of $2 million from the effect of changes in agricultural commodity prices on lifo inventory valuation reserves compared to a charge of $19 million in 2016. manufacturing expenses increased $0.1 billion to $5.2 billion due to increased expenses for energy, operating and maintenance supplies, and contracted labor, and higher salaries and benefits.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
gross profit decreased $0.1 billion or 3%, to $3.5 billion. lower results in soybean processing ($159 million) and grain origination ($86 million) were partially offset by higher results in canola processing ($41 million), sweeteners and starches ($44 million), and animal nutrition ($39 million). these factors are explained in the segment operating profit discussion on page 40. the effect of changes in agricultural commodity prices on lifo inventory valuation reserves had a $2 million positive impact on gross profit compared to a negative impact of $19 million in 2016.
selling, general, and administrative expenses of $2.0 billion were comparable to 2016. expenses in 2017 included increased salaries and benefits cost related to further investments in the company's business transformation, it, research and development, and innovation initiatives. expenses in 2016 included expenses related to the settlement of a legal matter.
asset impairment, exit, and restructuring costs increased $118 million to $173 million. charges in 2017 consisted of $63 million of asset impairments related to the reconfiguration of the company's peoria, illinois ethanol complex, $20 million of asset impairments primarily related to the closure of a facility, $36 million of several individually insignificant asset impairments and restructuring charges presented as specified items within segment operating profit, and $54 million of restructuring charges in corporate primarily related to the reduction of certain positions within the company's global workforce. charges in 2016 included $32 million of individually insignificant fixed asset impairment and restructuring charges presented as specified items within segment operating profit, $11 million of software impairment in corporate, $6 million of other-than-temporary impairment charges on the company's investment in two available for sale equity securities in corporate, and $6 million of individually insignificant fixed asset impairment and restructuring charges in corporate.
interest expense increased $37 million to $330 million primarily due to higher interest rates on short-term debt, the issuance of the $1 billion fixed-rate notes in august 2016, and interest related to an amended foreign income tax, partially offset by the retirement of the $261 million bond that matured in april 2017. interest expense in 2016 also included a credit of $8 million for the revaluation of the mandatorily redeemable 10% interest in harvest innovations.
equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates increased $164 million to $456 million primarily due to higher earnings from the company's investment in wilmar resulting from the increased ownership stake in and higher results from wilmar and improved results from the company's equity investment in cip, partially offset by losses from a new equity investment and decreased earnings resulting from the disposal of an equity investment.
other income - net decreased $110 million to $37 million. income in 2016 included realized additional consideration related to the sale of the company's equity investment in gruma s.a.b. de c.v. in december 2012, recovery of loss provisions and gain related to the sale of the company's brazilian sugar ethanol facilities, a gain related to the revaluation of the remaining interest to settlement value in conjunction with the acquisition of amazon flavors, and loss on sale of other individually immaterial assets. income in 2017 included gains related to the sale of the crop risk services business and disposals of other individually insignificant assets in the ordinary course of business, partially offset by an adjustment of the proceeds of the 2015 sale of the cocoa business, changes in contingent settlement provisions, a charge related to the full redemption of the company's $559 million notes due march 15, 2018, and foreign exchange losses.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
operating profit by segment and earnings before income taxes for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016 are as follows:
segment operating profit                               2017                2016             change
gains on sales of assets and businesses              22                 114               (92    )
impairment, restructuring, and exit charges        (160   )             (32   )          (128    )
total segment operating profit                    2,536               2,704              (168    )
adjusted segment operating profit(1)              2,670               2,623                47
segment operating profit                          2,536               2,704              (168    )
(1) adjusted segment operating profit is segment operating profit excluding the above specified items.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
origination operating profit increased 12%. merchandising and handling operating results increased due to improved global trade execution and strong destination marketing volume growth. merchandising and handling results also included a gain related to a confidential legal settlement, and a $42 million net recovery of property damage costs and business interruption losses related to the company's new orleans, louisiana export facility. transportation results decreased due to river conditions and lower barge freight volumes and margins.
oilseeds operating profit decreased 3%. crushing and origination operating profit decreased from the prior year. higher softseed results in north america and europe were more than offset by weaker soybean crush margins due to ample supply of alternative proteins competing with soybean meal. in addition, improved south american soybean crushing results were more than offset by weak grain origination margins throughout the year. refining, packaging, biodiesel, and other operating profit declined due to weaker biodiesel and specialty oils margins partially offset by higher results in south american packaged oils and the global peanut business. asia results increased on higher earnings from the company's investment in wilmar due to the increased ownership stake in and higher results from wilmar.
carbohydrate solutions operating profit increased 8%. starches and sweeteners operating profit increased due to improved domestic demand and higher volumes and margins from the international business. bioproducts profit increased due to higher trading results partially offset by slightly lower ethanol margins.
nutrition operating profit increased 14%. wild flavors and specialty ingredients operating profit increased due the continuing strong demand for flavor ingredients and flavor systems across all regions, partially offset by lower results in specialty ingredients due in part to operational start-up costs. animal nutrition operating profit increased due to improved lysine margins partially offset by lower volumes caused by a mild winter.
other operating profit decreased 62% primarily due to losses from the company's captive insurance operations and lower results from its futures commission brokerage business. results in 2017 included settlement of insurance claims from the company's origination segment totaling $50 million related to the new orleans, louisiana export facility.
(in millions)                                                    2017              2016            change lifo credit (charge)                                           $2              $(19   )          $21
asset impairment, restructuring, and settlement charges       (54   )           (85   )           31
post-retirement benefit adjustment                              -                38              (38    )
loss on sale of asset                                           -                (5   )            5
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
corporate results were a net charge of $927 million in 2017 compared to $882 million in 2016. the effect of changes in agricultural commodity prices on lifo inventory valuation reserves resulted in a credit of $2 million in 2017 compared to a charge of $19 million in 2016. interest expense - net increased $28 million due principally to higher interest rates on short-term debt, the issuance of $1 billion fixed-rate debt in august 2016, and interest related to an amended foreign income tax return, partially offset by the retirement of the $261 million bond that matured in april 2017 and the absence of the original harvest innovation adjustment of buy-out liability in may 2016. unallocated corporate costs increased $13 million due principally to increased investments in the company's business transformation, it, research and development, and innovation initiatives partially offset by the absence of the railroad maintenance expense in 2016. loss on debt extinguishment related to the early redemption of the company's $559 million aggregate principal amount of 5.45% notes due on march 15, 2018. asset impairment, restructuring, and settlement charges in 2017 related to the reduction of certain positions within the company's global workforce compared to charges in 2016 which consisted of legal settlement costs and legal fees, a software impairment charge, other-than-temporary impairment charges on the company's investments in two available for sale equity securities, and other asset impairment and restructuring charges. post-retirement benefit adjustment related to the u.s. retiree medical benefit curtailment gain. loss on sale of asset related to the sale of an investment, partially offset by a gain related to a u.s. retiree medical benefit plan curtailment. other charges increased $12 million due principally to lower results from the company's equity investment in cip.
non-gaap financial measures the company uses adjusted earnings per share (eps), adjusted earnings before taxes, interest, and depreciation and amortization (ebitda), and adjusted segment operating profit, non-gaap financial measures as defined by the securities and exchange commission, to evaluate the company's financial performance. these performance measures are not defined by accounting principles generally accepted in the united states and should be considered in addition to, and not in lieu of, gaap financial measures.
adjusted eps is defined as diluted eps adjusted for the effects on reported diluted eps of specified items. adjusted ebitda is defined as earnings before taxes, interest, and depreciation and amortization, adjusted for specified items. the company calculates adjusted ebitda by removing the impact of specified items and adding back the amounts of interest expense and depreciation and amortization to earnings before income taxes. adjusted segment operating profit is segment operating profit adjusted, where applicable, for specified items.
management believes that adjusted eps, adjusted ebitda, and adjusted segment operating profit are useful measures of the company's performance because they provide investors additional information about the company's operations allowing better evaluation of underlying business performance and better period-to-period comparability. adjusted eps, adjusted ebitda, and adjusted segment operating profit are not intended to replace or be an alternative to diluted eps, earnings before income taxes, and segment operating profit, respectively, the most directly comparable amounts reported under gaap.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
the table below provides a reconciliation of diluted eps to adjusted eps for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016.
in millions         per share           in millions         per share average number of shares outstanding - diluted                                                                                           572                                     591
adjustments:
lifo charge (credit) (net of tax of $1 million in 2017 and $7 million in 2016(1)                                                          (1     )           -                    12              0.02
(gains) losses on sales and revaluation of assets and businesses (net of tax of $32 million in 2017 and $17 million in 2016) (2)          10              0.02                   (92     )       (0.15     )
asset impairment, restructuring, and settlement charges (net of tax of $70 million in 2017 and $40 million in 2016) (2)                  144              0.25                    77              0.13
post-retirement benefit curtailment (net of tax of $14 million) (1)                                                                        -                 -                   (24     )       (0.04     )
loss on debt extinguishment (net of tax of $4 million) (1)                                                                                 7              0.01                     -                 -
tax adjustments (3)                                                                                                                     (366     )       (0.64     )              24              0.04
(3) includes tax adjustments related to the 2017 u.s. tax cuts and jobs act.
the tables below provide a reconciliation of earnings before income taxes to adjusted ebitda and adjusted ebitda by segment for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016.
(in millions)                                                      2017                2016            change earnings before income taxes                                 $1,609              $1,822            $(213    )
gain on sale and revaluation of assets                          (22   )            (109   )           87
asset impairment, restructuring, and settlement charges         214                 117               97
post-retirement benefit adjustment                                -                 (38   )           38
(in millions)                                                      2017                2016            change origination                                                    $581                $539               42
other - financial                                                69                 144              (75    )
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
liquidity and capital resources a company objective is to have sufficient liquidity, balance sheet strength, and financial flexibility to fund the operating and capital requirements of a capital intensive agricultural commodity-based business.  the company depends on access to credit markets, which can be impacted by its credit rating and factors outside of the company's control, to fund its working capital needs and capital expenditures. the primary source of funds to finance the company's operations, capital expenditures, and advancement of its growth strategy is cash generated by operations and lines of credit, including a commercial paper borrowing facility.  in addition, the company believes it has access to funds from public and private equity and debt capital markets in both u.s. and international markets.
cash used in operating activities was $4.8 billion for 2018 compared to $6.0 billion in 2017. working capital changes, including the increase in deferred consideration, decreased cash by $7.5 billion in the current year compared to $7.9 billion in the prior year. trade receivables increased $0.4 billion due to higher revenues. inventories decreased $0.2 billion due to lower inventory quantities.
increase in deferred consideration in securitized receivables of $7.8 billion and $8.2 billion in 2018 and 2017, respectively, was offset by the same amount of net consideration received for beneficial interest obtained for selling trade receivables, which were previously classified as operating activities in the prior year, that are now classified as investing activities in accordance with the amended guidance of topic 230.
cash provided by investing activities was $6.6 billion this year compared to $7.3 billion last year. capital expenditures and net assets of businesses acquired were $0.8 billion and $0.5 billion, respectively, this year compared to $1.0 billion and $0.2 billion, respectively last year. proceeds from the sale of businesses and assets of $0.2 billion in the current year were comparable to the prior year. there were immaterial marketable securities sales transactions this year compared to sales of marketable securities, net of purchases, of $0.4 billion in the prior year. investments in and advances to affiliates of $0.2 billion in the current year related to the joint venture with cargill and investment in aston foods compared to $0.3 billion of additional investment in wilmar in the prior year. net consideration received for beneficial interest obtained for selling trade receivables was $7.8 billion and $8.2 billion in 2018 and 2017, respectively.
cash provided by financing activities was $0.2 billion this year compared to a use of $1.0 billion last year. long-term debt borrowings in the current year consisted of the €650 million ($744 million as of december 31, 2018) aggregate principal amount of 1.0% notes issued on september 12, 2018 and the december 3, 2018 issuance of $600 million and $400 million aggregate principal amounts of 4.5% and 3.375% notes, respectively. long-term debt borrowings in the prior year related to the $500 million aggregate principal amount of 3.75% notes issued on september 14, 2017. long-term debt payments in the current year were $30 million compared to $0.8 billion in the prior year which primarily related to the full redemption of the $559 million notes due in 2018 and the retirement of the $261 million bond that matured in april 2017. the company issued debt in the current year for general corporate expenses and to pay down commercial paper borrowings. commercial paper payments in the current year were $0.7 billion compared to borrowings of $0.7 billion in the prior year. share repurchases in the current year were $0.1 billion compared to $0.8 billion in the prior year.
at december 31, 2018, the company had $2.0 billion of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term marketable securities and a current ratio, defined as current assets divided by current liabilities, of 1.7 to 1.  included in working capital is $5.6 billion of readily marketable commodity inventories.  at december 31, 2018, the company's capital resources included shareholders' equity of $19.0 billion and lines of credit, including the accounts receivable securitization programs described below, totaling $10.4 billion, of which $8.9 billion was unused.  the company's ratio of long-term debt to total capital (the sum of long-term debt and shareholders' equity) was 29% at december 31, 2018 and 27% at december 31, 2017.  the company uses this ratio as a measure of the company's long-term indebtedness and an indicator of financial flexibility.  the company's ratio of net debt (the sum of short-term debt, current maturities of long-term debt, and long-term debt less the sum of cash and cash equivalents and short-term marketable securities) to capital (the sum of net debt and shareholders' equity) was 25% at december 31, 2018 and 27% at december 31, 2017.  of the company's total lines of credit, $5.0 billion supported the combined u.s. and european commercial paper borrowing programs, against which there was no commercial paper outstanding at december 31, 2018.
as of december 31, 2018, the company had $2.0 billion of cash and cash equivalents, $0.4 billion of which is cash held by foreign subsidiaries whose undistributed earnings are considered indefinitely reinvested. based on the company's historical ability to generate sufficient cash flows from its u.s. operations and unused and available u.s. credit capacity of $5.2 billion, the company has asserted that these funds are indefinitely reinvested outside the u.s.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
the company has accounts receivable securitization programs (the "programs") with certain commercial paper conduit purchasers and committed purchasers. the programs provide the company with up to $1.8 billion in funding against accounts receivable transferred into the programs and expands the company's access to liquidity through efficient use of its balance sheet assets (see note 19 in item 8 for more information and disclosures on the programs). as of december 31, 2018, the company utilized $1.5 billion of its facility under the programs. the programs are due to terminate during the first half of 2019. however, the company currently expects to extend these programs upon termination.
on november 5, 2014, the company's board of directors approved a stock repurchase program authorizing the company to repurchase up to 100,000,000 shares of the company's common stock during the period commencing january 1, 2015 and ending december 31, 2019. the company has acquired approximately 87.9 million shares under this program as of december 31, 2018.
the company expects capital expenditures of $0.9 billion to $1.0 billion during 2019. in 2019, the company expects additional cash outlays of approximately $0.8 billion in dividends.
the company's credit facilities and certain debentures require the company to comply with specified financial and non-financial covenants including maintenance of minimum tangible net worth as well as limitations related to incurring liens, secured debt, and certain other financing arrangements.  the company was in compliance with these covenants as of december 31, 2018.
the three major credit rating agencies have maintained the company's credit ratings at solid investment grade levels with stable outlooks.
in january 2019, the company completed the acquisition of neovia, a french-based global provider of value-added animal nutrition solutions, with 72 production facilities and a presence in 25 countries, for $1.8 billion (€1.5 billion). the company funded the transaction using operating cash flows and other sources of liquidity.
contractual obligations in the normal course of business, the company enters into contracts and commitments which obligate the company to make payments in the future.  the following table sets forth the company's significant future obligations by time period.  purchases include commodity-based contracts entered into in the normal course of business, which are further described in item 7a, "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk," energy-related purchase contracts entered into in the normal course of business, and other purchase obligations related to the company's normal business activities.  the following table does not include unrecognized income tax benefits of $107 million as of december 31, 2018 as the company is unable to reasonably estimate the timing of settlement.  where applicable, information included in the company's consolidated financial statements and notes is cross-referenced in this table.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
operating leases                                                    note 14           808                 214                   270                 147                 177
(1) includes pension contributions of $27 million for fiscal 2019.  the company is unable to estimate the amount of pension contributions beyond fiscal year 2019.  for more information concerning the company's pension and other postretirement plans, see note 15 in item 8.
at december 31, 2018, the company estimates it will spend approximately $1.3 billion through fiscal year 2023 to complete currently approved capital projects which are not included in the table above.
the company also has outstanding letters of credit and surety bonds of $1.7 billion at december 31, 2018 which are not included in the table above.
the company has entered into agreements, primarily debt guarantee agreements related to equity-method investees, which could obligate the company to make future payments.  the company's liability under these agreements arises only if the primary entity fails to perform its contractual obligation.  the company has collateral for a portion of these contingent obligations.
off balance sheet arrangements accounts receivable securitization programs since march 2012, the company has had an accounts receivable securitization program with certain commercial paper conduit purchasers and committed purchasers. in march 2014, the company entered into a second accounts receivable securitization program with certain commercial paper conduit purchasers and committed purchasers. see note 19 of item 8 for more information about these programs.
synthetic leasing program the company is a party to lease agreements under synthetic leasing programs for certain of its u.s. barge and tugboat assets with expiration dates ranging from 2020 to 2024. the agreements are accounted for as operating leases, such that the rent expense is recorded in the consolidated statement of earnings. as of december 31, 2018, outstanding lease balances, including the value of the underlying assets of $164 million, were off-balance sheet. these agreements provide the company with the right to use these assets for specified periods in exchange for an obligation to make rental payments. the future lease payments pertaining to these lease agreements are included in the contractual obligations table in item 7. these leasing programs are utilized primarily to diversify funding sources and to retain flexibility. the company recorded $10 million, $10 million, and $5 million of rent expense pertaining to synthetic lease payments for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
critical accounting policies the process of preparing financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the carrying values of the company's assets and liabilities as well as the recognition of revenues and expenses.  these estimates and judgments are based on the company's historical experience and management's knowledge and understanding of current facts and circumstances.  certain of the company's accounting policies are considered critical, as these policies are important to the depiction of the company's financial statements and require significant or complex judgment by management.  management has discussed with the company's audit committee the development, selection, disclosure, and application of these critical accounting policies.  following are the accounting policies management considers critical to the company's financial statements.
fair value measurements - inventories and commodity derivatives certain of the company's inventory and commodity derivative assets and liabilities as of december 31, 2018 are valued at estimated fair values, including $4.5 billion of merchandisable agricultural commodity inventories, $0.6 billion of derivative assets, $0.8 billion of derivative liabilities, and $0.6 billion of inventory-related payables.  commodity derivative assets and liabilities include forward fixed-price purchase and sale contracts for agricultural commodities. merchandisable agricultural commodities are freely traded, have quoted market prices, and may be sold without significant additional processing.  management estimates fair value for its commodity-related assets and liabilities based on exchange-quoted prices, adjusted for differences in local markets.  the company's inventory and derivative commodity fair value measurements are mainly based on observable market quotations without significant adjustments and are therefore reported as level 2 within the fair value hierarchy.  level 3 fair value measurements of approximately $1.7 billion of assets and $0.3 billion of liabilities represent fair value estimates where unobservable price components represent 10% or more of the total fair value price.  for more information concerning amounts reported as level 3, see note 4 in item 8.  changes in the market values of these inventories and commodity contracts are recognized in the statement of earnings as a component of cost of products sold.  if management used different methods or factors to estimate market value, amounts reported as inventories and cost of products sold could differ materially.  additionally, if market conditions change subsequent to year-end, amounts reported in future periods as inventories and cost of products sold could differ materially.
derivatives - designated hedging activities the company, from time to time, uses derivative contracts designated as cash flow hedges to hedge the purchase or sales price of anticipated volumes of commodities to be purchased and processed in a future month, to hedge the purchase price of the company's anticipated natural gas requirements for certain production facilities, and to hedge the sales price of anticipated volumes of ethanol. assuming normal market conditions, the change in the market value of such derivative contracts has historically been, and is expected to continue to be, highly effective at offsetting changes in price movements of the hedged item.  gains and losses arising from open and closed hedging transactions are deferred in accumulated other comprehensive income, net of applicable income taxes, and recognized as a component of cost of products sold and revenues in the statement of earnings when the hedged item is recognized.  if it is determined that the derivative instruments used are no longer effective at offsetting changes in the price of the hedged item, then the changes in the market value of these exchange-traded futures and exchange-traded and over-the-counter option contracts would be recorded immediately in the statement of earnings as a component of revenues and/or cost of products sold.  see note 5 in item 8 for additional information.
investments in affiliates the company applies the equity method of accounting for investments over which the company has the ability to exercise significant influence.  these investments are carried at cost plus equity in undistributed earnings and are adjusted, where appropriate, for amortizable basis differences between the investment balance and the underlying net assets of the investee.  generally, the minimum ownership threshold for asserting significant influence is 20% ownership of the investee.  however, the company considers all relevant factors in determining its ability to assert significant influence including, but not limited to, ownership percentage, board membership, customer and vendor relationships, and other arrangements.  if management used a different accounting method for these investments, then the amount of earnings from affiliates the company recognizes may materially differ.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
income taxes the company accounts for income taxes in accordance with the applicable accounting standards. these standards prescribe a minimum threshold a tax position is required to meet before being recognized in the consolidated financial statements. the company recognizes in its consolidated financial statements tax positions determined more likely than not to be sustained upon examination, based on the technical merits of the position. the company frequently faces challenges from u.s. and foreign tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due.  these challenges include questions regarding the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions.  in evaluating the exposure associated with various tax filing positions, the company records reserves for estimates of potential additional tax owed by the company.  for example, the company has received tax assessments from tax authorities in brazil and argentina, challenging income tax positions taken by subsidiaries of the company.  the company evaluated its tax positions for these matters and concluded, based in part upon advice from legal counsel, that it was appropriate to recognize the tax benefits of these positions (see note 13 in item 8 for additional information).
deferred tax assets represent items to be used as tax deductions or credits in future tax returns where the related tax benefit has already been recognized in the company's income statement.  the realization of the company's deferred tax assets is dependent upon future taxable income in specific tax jurisdictions, the timing and amount of which are uncertain.  the company evaluates all available positive and negative evidence including estimated future reversals of existing temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies, and recent financial results. valuation allowances related to these deferred tax assets have been established to the extent the realization of the tax benefit is not likely. during 2018, the company increased valuation allowances by approximately $25 million primarily related to certain realized foreign capital losses. to the extent the company were to favorably resolve matters for which valuation allowances have been established or be required to pay amounts in excess of the aforementioned valuation allowances, the company's effective tax rate in a given financial statement period may be impacted.
undistributed earnings of the company's foreign subsidiaries and the company's share of the undistributed earnings of affiliated corporate joint venture companies accounted for on the equity method amounting to approximately $10.5 billion at december 31, 2018, are considered to be indefinitely reinvested.
the tax cuts and jobs act (the "act"), which was enacted on december 22, 2017, included a one-time transition tax on accumulated foreign earnings. as a result, the company recorded a $369 million provisional impact of the transition tax and a $220 million beneficial impact on reserves previously established under accounting standards codification subtopic 740-30, income taxes - other considerations or special areas, or a net provisional impact of $149 million. the company performed a quarterly review of the provisional tax liability recorded in 2017 as new guidance on the act was issued in 2018. the company finalized its calculation of the transition tax and recorded a tax benefit of $29 million in the fourth quarter of 2018. the company is currently assessing the impact of pending treasury regulations on the company's transition tax calculation, and will record any adjustment in 2019. the company elected to pay the one-time transition tax over eight years. because the company's undistributed foreign earnings and outside basis differences inherent in foreign entities continue to be indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations, no income taxes have been provided. it is not practicable to determine the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liability related to any remaining undistributed foreign earnings not subject to the transition tax and additional outside basis difference in these entities.
the act also contains new provisions related to global intangible low taxed income (gilti) and foreign derived intangible income (fdii) which are effective for fiscal year 2018. the company made an accounting policy election to treat gilti as a period cost. during 2018, u.s. tax authorities issued proposed treasury regulations addressing some of the tax reform items that were effective in 2018. once final treasury regulations are issued, the company will record the impact of any changes during 2019. it is also reasonable to expect that global taxing authorities will be reviewing their current legislation for potential modifications in reaction to the implementation of the act. the additional guidance, along with the potential for additional global tax legislation changes, may affect significant deductions and income inclusions and could have a material adverse effect on the company's net income or cash flow.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
property, plant, and equipment and asset abandonments and write-downs the company is principally engaged in the business of procuring, transporting, storing, processing, and merchandising agricultural commodities and products.  this business is global in nature and is highly capital-intensive.  both the availability of the company's raw materials and the demand for the company's finished products are driven by factors such as weather, plantings, government programs and policies, changes in global demand, changes in standards of living, and global production of similar and competitive crops.  these aforementioned factors may cause a shift in the supply/demand dynamics for the company's raw materials and finished products.  any such shift will cause management to evaluate the efficiency and cash flows of the company's assets in terms of geographic location, size, and age of its facilities.  the company, from time to time, will also invest in equipment, technology, and companies related to new, value-added products produced from agricultural commodities and products.  these new products are not always successful from either a commercial production or marketing perspective.  management evaluates the company's property, plant, and equipment for impairment whenever indicators of impairment exist.  assets are written down to fair value after consideration of the ability to utilize the assets for their intended purpose or to employ the assets in alternative uses or sell the assets to recover the carrying value.  if management used different estimates and assumptions in its evaluation of these assets, then the company could recognize different amounts of expense over future periods.  during the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016, impairment charges for property, plant, and equipment were $100 million, $101 million, and $17 million, respectively. asset abandonment and impairment charges in 2018 included a $49 million discontinued software project (see note 18 in item 8 for additional information).
business combinations the company's acquisitions are accounted for as purchases in accordance with accounting standards codification (asc) topic 805, business combinations, as amended. assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at fair values at acquisition date with the remainder of the purchase price, if any, recorded as goodwill. when determining the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, management makes significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. critical estimates in valuing certain intangible assets include, but are not limited to, future expected cash flows and discount rates. although management's estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, actual results may differ.
goodwill and other intangible assets goodwill and intangible assets deemed to have indefinite lives are not amortized but are subject to annual impairment tests.  the company evaluates goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level annually on october 1 or whenever there are indicators that the carrying value may not be fully recoverable.  the company adopted the provisions of asc 350, intangibles - goodwill and other, which permits, but does not require, a company to qualitatively assess indicators of a reporting unit's fair value. if after completing the qualitative assessment, a company believes it is likely that a reporting unit is impaired, a discounted cash flow analysis is prepared to estimate fair value. critical estimates in the determination of the fair value of each reporting unit include, but are not limited to, future expected cash flows and discount rates. definite-lived intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives of 2 to 50 years and are reviewed for impairment whenever there are indicators that the carrying values may not be fully recoverable. the company recorded impairment charges totaling $9 million related to customer lists and $11 million related to computer software during the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2016, respectively. there were no impairment charges recorded for goodwill and intangible assets during the year ended december 31, 2017 (see note 18 in item 8 for more information). if management used different estimates and assumptions in its impairment tests, then the company could recognize different amounts of expense over future periods.
employee benefit plans the company provides substantially all u.s. employees and employees at certain international subsidiaries with retirement benefits including defined benefit pension plans and defined contribution plans.  the company provides certain eligible u.s. employees who retire under qualifying conditions with subsidized postretirement health care coverage or health care reimbursement accounts.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
in order to measure the expense and funded status of these employee benefit plans, management makes several estimates and assumptions, including interest rates used to discount certain liabilities, rates of return on assets set aside to fund these plans, rates of compensation increases, employee turnover rates, anticipated mortality rates, and anticipated future health care costs.  these estimates and assumptions are based on the company's historical experience combined with management's knowledge and understanding of current facts and circumstances.  management also uses third-party actuaries to assist in measuring the expense and funded status of these employee benefit plans.  if management used different estimates and assumptions regarding these plans, the funded status of the plans could vary significantly, and the company could recognize different amounts of expense over future periods.
the company uses the corridor approach when amortizing actuarial losses. under the corridor approach, net unrecognized actuarial losses in excess of 10% of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or the market related value of plan assets are amortized over future periods. for plans with little to no active participants, the amortization period is the remaining average life expectancy of the participants. for plans with active participants, the amortization period is the remaining average service period of the active participants. the amortization periods range from 4 to 39 years for the company's defined benefit pension plans and from 6 to 24 years for the company's postretirement benefit plans.