business and operations our restructuring initiatives may not yield our expected reductions in expenses and improvements in operational and organizational efficiency. we may not be able to fully realize the anticipated expense reductions and operational and organizational efficiency improvements we expect to result from our restructuring initiatives, including the reorganization of aig into general insurance and life and retirement segments. actual costs to implement these initiatives may exceed our estimates or we may be unable to fully implement and execute these initiatives as planned. the implementation of these initiatives may harm our relationships with customers or employees or our competitive position. our businesses and results of operations may be negatively impacted if we are unable to realize these anticipated expense reductions and efficiency improvements or if implementing these initiatives harms our
competition for employees in our industry is intense, and we may not be able to attract and retain the highly skilled people we need to support our business. our success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract and retain key people. due to the intense competition in our industry for key employees with demonstrated ability, we may be unable to hire or retain such employees. in addition, we may experience higher than expected employee turnover and difficulty attracting new employees as a result of uncertainty from strategic actions and organizational and operational changes. losing any of our key people also could have a material adverse effect on our operations given their skills, knowledge of our business, years of industry experience and the potential difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacement employees. our business and consolidated results of operations could be materially adversely affected if we are unsuccessful in attracting and retaining key employees.
item 7 | management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information this annual report on form 10-k and other publicly available documents may include, and officers and representatives of aig may from time to time make and discuss, projections, goals, assumptions and statements that may constitute "forward‐looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. these projections, goals, assumptions and statements are not historical facts but instead represent only a belief regarding future events, many of which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and outside our control. these projections, goals, assumptions and statements include statements preceded by, followed by or including words such as "will," "believe," "anticipate," "expect," "intend," "plan," "focused on achieving," "view," "target," "goal" or "estimate." these projections, goals, assumptions and statements may relate to future actions, prospective services or products, future performance or results of current and anticipated services or products, sales efforts, expenses, the outcome of contingencies such as legal proceedings, anticipated organizational, business or regulatory changes, anticipated sales, monetization and/or acquisitions of businesses or assets, or successful integration of acquired businesses, management succession and retention plans, exposure to risk, trends in operations and financial results.
we continue to execute initiatives focused on organizational simplification, operational efficiency, and business rationalization.
during 2016, we created a new switzerland-domiciled international holding company, aig international holdings, gmbh (aigih), which is intended to be the ultimate holding company for all of our international entities. this international holding company structure is part of our ongoing efforts to simplify our organizational structure, and is expected to facilitate the optimization of our international capital strategy from both a regulatory and a tax perspective. through february 12, 2019, substantially all of our international operations have been transferred to aigih. we will continue to monitor our international holding company structure in light of regulatory, tax and other developments, to ensure that this strategy continues to be effective.
we recognize that climate change has implications for insurance industry exposure to natural catastrophe risk. with multiple levels of risk management processes in place, we actively analyze the latest climate science and policy to anticipate potential changes to our risk profile, pricing models and strategic planning. for example, we continually consider changes in climate and weather patterns as an integral part of the underwriting process. in addition, we are committed to providing innovative insurance products and services to help our clients be proactive against the threat of climate change, including expanding natural disaster resilience, promoting adaptation, and reducing greenhouse gas emissions. our internal product development, underwriting, modeling, and sustainability practices will continue to adapt to and evolve with the developing risk exposures attributed to climate change.