in addition, as a result of our global shared service organizational model, certain of our functions, such as marketing, finance and accounting, customer service and logistics, and human resources, are concentrated in key office facilities. a significant disruption to any of our key office facilities for any reason, including natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism, could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
our restructuring program, which we refer to as the "global growth and efficiency program," commenced in the fourth quarter of 2012 and runs through december 31, 2019. the global growth and efficiency program's initiatives are expected to help us ensure sustained solid worldwide growth in unit volume, organic sales, operating profit and earnings per share and enhance our global leadership positions in our core businesses. while implementation of the global growth and efficiency program remains on track and is in its final year and most of the initiatives under the program have been successfully implemented or are nearing completion, the successful implementation of the remainder of the program may present significant organizational challenges and, in some cases, may require successful negotiations with third parties. as a result, we may not be able to realize all of the remaining anticipated benefits from the global growth and efficiency program. events and circumstances, such as financial or strategic difficulties, delays and unexpected costs may occur that could result in our not realizing all of the remaining anticipated benefits or our not realizing such benefits on our expected timetable. in addition, changes in foreign exchange rates or in tax, labor or immigration laws may result in our not achieving the remaining anticipated cost savings as measured in u.s. dollars. if we are unable to realize the remaining anticipated savings of the global growth and efficiency program, our ability to fund other initiatives and enhance profitability may be adversely affected. any failure to implement the global growth and efficiency program in accordance with our expectations could adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. for additional information regarding the global growth and efficiency program, refer to part ii, item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - significant items impacting comparability" and "- restructuring and related implementation charges."
▪   extending shared business services and streamlining global functions - optimizing the company's shared service organizational model in all regions of the world and continuing to streamline global functions to improve cost structure.