item 1a-risk factors the risks described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. we could also be affected by additional risks that apply to all companies operating in the u.s. and globally, as well as other risks that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial. these risk factors should be carefully reviewed in conjunction with management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations in item 7 and our consolidated financial statements and related notes in item 8 of this report.
business and operating risks we are highly dependent on the financial performance of our u.s. and canadian operations.
our financial and operational performance is highly dependent on our u.s. and canadian operations, which comprised 87% and 83% of net sales and operating income in 2018, respectively. within the u.s., we are highly dependent on our california operations, which comprised 30% of u.s. net sales in 2018. our california market, in general, has a larger percentage of higher volume warehouses as compared to our other domestic markets. any substantial slowing or sustained decline in these operations could materially adversely affect our business and financial results. declines in financial performance of our u.s. operations, particularly in california, and our canadian operations could arise from, among other things: slow growth or declines in comparable warehouse sales (comparable sales); negative trends in operating expenses, including increased labor, healthcare and energy costs; failing to meet targets for warehouse openings; cannibalizing existing locations with new warehouses; shifts in sales mix toward lower gross margin products; changes or uncertainties in economic conditions in our markets, including higher levels of unemployment and depressed home values; and failing to consistently provide high quality and innovative new products.
we may be unsuccessful implementing our growth strategy, including expanding our business in existing markets and new markets, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our growth is dependent, in part, on our ability to acquire property and build or lease new warehouses and depots. we compete with other retailers and businesses for suitable locations. local land use and other regulations restricting the construction and operation of our warehouses and depots, as well as local community actions opposed to the location of our warehouses or depots at specific sites and the adoption of local laws restricting our operations and environmental regulations, may impact our ability to find suitable locations and increase the cost of sites and of constructing, leasing and operating warehouses and depots. we also may have difficulty negotiating leases or purchase agreements on acceptable terms. in addition, certain jurisdictions have enacted or proposed laws and regulations that would prevent or restrict the operation or expansion plans of certain large retailers and warehouse clubs, including us. failure to effectively manage these and other similar factors may affect our ability to timely build or lease and operate new warehouses and depots, which could have a material adverse effect on our future growth and profitability.
we seek to expand in existing markets to attain a greater overall market share. a new warehouse may draw members away from our existing warehouses and adversely affect their comparable sales performance, member traffic, and profitability.
we intend to continue to open warehouses in new markets. associated risks include difficulties in attracting members due to a lack of familiarity with us, attracting members of other wholesale club operators, our lack of familiarity with local member preferences, and seasonal differences in the market. entry into new markets may bring us into competition with new competitors or with existing competitors with a large, established market presence. we cannot ensure that new warehouses and new websites will be profitable and, as a result, future profitability could be delayed or otherwise materially adversely affected.
our failure to maintain membership growth, loyalty and brand recognition could adversely affect our results of operations.
membership loyalty and growth are essential to our business. the extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base, increase the penetration of our executive members, and sustain high renewal rates materially influences our profitability. damage to our brands or reputation may negatively impact comparable sales, diminish member trust, and reduce member renewal rates and, accordingly, net sales and membership fee revenue, negatively impacting our results of operations.
we sell many products under our kirkland signature brand. maintaining consistent product quality, competitive pricing, and availability of these products is essential to developing and maintaining member loyalty. these products also generally carry higher margins than national brand products carried in our warehouses and represent a growing portion of our overall sales. if the kirkland signature brand experiences a loss of member acceptance or confidence, our sales and gross margin results could be adversely affected.
disruptions in our merchandise distribution or processing, packaging, manufacturing, and other facilities could adversely affect sales and member satisfaction.
we depend on the orderly operation of the merchandise receiving and distribution process, primarily through our depots. we also rely upon processing, packaging, manufacturing and other facilities to support our business, which includes the production of certain private-label items. although we believe that our operations are efficient, disruptions due to fires, tornadoes, hurricanes, earthquakes or other catastrophic events, labor issues or other shipping problems may result in delays in the production and delivery of merchandise to our warehouses, which could adversely affect sales and the satisfaction of our members.
we may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer trends, which could negatively affect our relationship with our members, the demand for our products and services, and our market share.
it is difficult to consistently and successfully predict the products and services that our members will desire. our success depends, in part, on our ability to identify and respond to trends in demographics and consumer preferences. failure to identify timely or effectively respond to changing consumer tastes, preferences (including those relating to sustainability of product sources and animal welfare) and spending patterns could negatively affect our relationship with our members, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. if we are not successful at predicting our sales trends and adjusting our purchases accordingly, we may have excess inventory, which could result in additional markdowns and reduce our operating performance. this could have an adverse effect on net sales, gross margin and operating income.
we rely extensively on information technology to process transactions, compile results, and manage our businesses. failure or disruption of our primary and back-up systems could adversely affect our businesses. a failure to adequately update our existing systems and implement new systems could harm our businesses and adversely affect our results of operations.
given the very high volume of transactions we process each year it is important that we maintain uninterrupted operation of our business-critical computer systems. our systems, including our back-up systems, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, internal or external security breaches, catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes, tornadoes and hurricanes, and errors by our employees. if our systems are damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make significant investments to fix or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations in the interim. any material interruption in these systems could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
we are currently making, and will continue to make, investments to improve or advance critical information systems and processing capabilities. failure to monitor and choose the right investments and implement them at the right pace would be harmful. the risk of system disruption is increased when significant system changes are undertaken, although we believe that our change management process will mitigate this risk. excessive technological change could impact the effectiveness of adoption, and could make it more difficult
for us to realize benefits. targeting the wrong opportunities, failing to make the best investments, or making an investment commitment significantly above or below our needs could result in the loss of our competitive position and adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. the potential problems and interruptions associated with implementing technology initiatives could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations. these initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or may provide them on a delayed schedule or at a higher cost.
we identified a material weakness in our internal control related to ineffective information technology general controls which, if not remediated appropriately or timely, could result in loss of investor confidence and adversely impact our stock price.
internal controls related to the operation of technology systems are critical to maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. as disclosed in part ii, item 9a, during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018, management identified a material weakness in internal control related to ineffective information technology general controls (itgcs) in the areas of user access and program change-management over certain information technology (it) systems that support the company's financial reporting processes. as a result, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of september 2, 2018. we are implementing remedial measures and, while there can be no assurance that our efforts will be successful, we plan to remediate the material weakness prior to the end of fiscal 2019. these measures will result in additional technology and other expenses. if we are unable to remediate the material weakness, or are otherwise unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures, our ability to record, process and report financial information accurately, and to prepare financial statements within required time periods, could be adversely affected, which could subject us to litigation or investigations requiring management resources and payment of legal and other expenses, negatively affect investor confidence in our financial statements and adversely impact our stock price.
if we do not maintain the privacy and security of personal and business information, we could damage our reputation with members and employees, incur substantial additional costs, and become subject to litigation.
we receive, retain, and transmit personal information about our members and employees and entrust that information to third-party business associates, including cloud service-providers that perform activities for us. our warehouse and online businesses depend upon the secure transmission of encrypted confidential information over public networks, including information permitting cashless payments. a compromise of our security systems or defects within our hardware or software, or those of our business associates, that results in our members' or employees' information being obtained by unauthorized persons, could adversely affect our reputation with our members and others, as well as our operations, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and could result in litigation, government actions, or the imposition of penalties. in addition, a breach could require that we expend significant additional resources related to the security of information systems and could disrupt our operations.
the use of data by our business and our business associates is regulated at the national and state or local level in all of our operating countries. privacy and information-security laws and regulations change, and compliance with them may result in cost increases due to, among other things, systems changes and the development of new processes. if we or those with whom we share information fail to comply with these laws and regulations, our reputation could be damaged, possibly resulting in lost future business, and we could be subjected to additional legal risk as a result of non-compliance, including fines of up to 4% of our global revenue in the case of the general data protection regulation (gdpr). we do not maintain cyber-insurance for these risks.
we have security measures and controls to protect personal and business information and continue to make investments to secure access to our information technology network. these measures may be undermined, however, due to the actions of outside parties, employee error, internal or external malfeasance, or otherwise, and, as a result an unauthorized party may obtain access to our data systems and misappropriate business and personal information. because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade
service, or sabotage systems change frequently and may not immediately produce signs of intrusion, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques, timely discover or counter them, or implement adequate preventative measures. any such breach or unauthorized access could result in significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation, and potentially have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
we are subject to payment-related risks.
we accept payments using a variety of methods, including cash and checks, a select variety of credit and debit cards, and our proprietary cash card. as we offer new payment options to our members, we may be subject to additional rules, regulations, compliance requirements, and higher fraud losses. for certain payment methods, we pay interchange and other related card acceptance fees, along with additional transaction processing fees. we rely on third parties to provide payment transaction processing services, including the processing of credit and debit cards, and our proprietary cash card, and it could disrupt our business if these companies become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us. we are also subject to payment card association and network operating rules, including data security rules, certification requirements and rules governing electronic funds transfers, which could change over time. for example, we are subject to payment card industry data security standards ("pci dss"), which contain compliance guidelines and standards with regard to our security surrounding the physical and electronic storage, processing and transmission of individual cardholder data. in addition, if our internal systems are breached or compromised, we may be liable for card re-issuance costs, subject to fines and higher transaction fees and lose our ability to accept credit and/or debit card payments from our members, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected.
if our merchandise, such as food and prepared food products for human consumption, drugs, children's products, pet products and durable goods, do not meet or are perceived not to meet applicable safety standards or our members' expectations regarding safety, we could experience lost sales, increased costs, litigation or reputational harm. the sale of these items involves the risk of health-related illness or injury to our members. such illnesses or injuries could result from tampering by unauthorized third parties, product contamination or spoilage, including the presence of foreign objects, substances, chemicals, other agents, or residues introduced during the growing, manufacturing, storage, handling and transportation phases, or faulty design. our vendors are generally contractually required to comply with product safety laws, and we are dependent on them to ensure that the products we buy comply with all safety standards. while we are subject to governmental inspection and regulations and work to comply in all material respects with applicable laws and regulations, we cannot be sure that consumption or use of our products will not cause illness or injury in the future or that we will not be subject to claims, lawsuits, or government investigations relating to such matters resulting in costly product recalls and other liabilities that could adversely affect our business and results of operations. even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued, negative publicity could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential members and our corporate and brand image, and these effects could be long term.
if we do not successfully develop and maintain a relevant omnichannel experience for our members, our results of operations could be adversely impacted.
omnichannel retailing is rapidly evolving, and we must keep pace with changing member expectations and new developments by our competitors. our members are increasingly using mobile phones, tablets, computers, and other devices to shop and to interact with us through social media. we are making technology investments in our websites and mobile applications. if we are unable to make, improve, or develop relevant member-facing technology in a timely manner, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be adversely affected.
inability to attract, train and retain highly qualified employees could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our success depends on the continued contributions of members of our senior management and other key operations, merchandising and administrative personnel. failure to identify and implement a succession plan for key senior management could negatively impact the business.
we must attract, train and retain a large and growing number of qualified employees, while controlling related labor costs and maintaining our core values. our ability to control labor and benefit costs is subject to numerous internal and external factors, including regulatory changes, prevailing wage rates, and healthcare and other insurance costs. we compete with other retail and non-retail businesses for these employees and invest significant resources in training and motivating them. there is no assurance that we will be able to attract or retain highly qualified employees in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the company is predominantly self-insured for employee health care benefits, workers' compensation, general liability, property damage, directors' and officers' liability, vehicle liability, and inventory loss. insurance coverage is maintained in certain instances to limit the exposure arising from catastrophic events. the types and amounts of insurance may vary from time to time based on our decisions with respect to risk retention and regulatory requirements. significant claims or events, regulatory changes, a substantial rise in costs of health care or costs to maintain our insurance, or the failure to maintain adequate insurance coverage could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
we are primarily self-insured as it relates to property damage. although we maintain specific coverages for catastrophic losses, we still bear the risk of losses incurred as a result of any physical damage to, or the destruction of, any warehouses, depots, manufacturing or home office facilities, loss or spoilage of inventory, and business interruption caused by any such events to the extent they are below catastrophic levels of coverage, as well as any losses to the extent they exceed our aggregate limits of applicable coverages. such losses could materially impact our cash flow and results of operations.
market and other external risks we face strong competition from other retailers and warehouse club operators, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the retail business is highly competitive. we compete for members, employees, sites, products and services and in other important respects with a wide range of local, regional and national wholesalers and retailers, both in the united states and in foreign countries, including other warehouse-club operators, supermarkets, supercenters, internet retailers, gasoline stations, hard discounters, department and specialty stores and operators selling a single category or narrow range of merchandise. such retailers and warehouse club operators compete in a variety of ways, including merchandise pricing, selection and availability, services, location, convenience, store hours, and the attractiveness and ease of use of websites and mobile applications. the evolution of retailing in online and mobile channels has improved the ability of customers to comparison shop with digital devices, which has enhanced competition. some competitors may have greater financial resources and technology capabilities, better access to merchandise, and greater market penetration than we do. our inability to respond effectively to competitive pressures, changes in the retail markets and member expectations could result in lost market share and negatively affect our financial results.
general economic factors, domestically and internationally, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
higher energy and gasoline costs, inflation, levels of unemployment, healthcare costs, consumer debt levels, foreign-currency exchange rates, unsettled financial markets, weaknesses in housing and real estate markets, reduced consumer confidence, changes and uncertainties related to government fiscal and tax
policies including changes in tax rates, duties, tariffs, or other restrictions, sovereign debt crises, and other economic factors could adversely affect demand for our products and services, require a change in product mix, or impact the cost of or ability to purchase inventory. prices of certain commodity products, including gasoline and other food products, are historically volatile and are subject to fluctuations arising from changes in domestic and international supply and demand, labor costs, competition, market speculation, government regulations, taxes and periodic delays in delivery. rapid and significant changes in commodity prices and our ability and desire to pass them through to our members may affect our sales and profit margins. these factors could also increase our merchandise costs and selling, general and administrative expenses, and otherwise adversely affect our operations and financial results. general economic conditions can also be affected by significant events like the outbreak of war or acts of terrorism.
vendors may be unable to timely supply us with quality merchandise at competitive prices or may fail to adhere to our high standards, resulting in adverse effects on our business, merchandise inventories, sales, and profit margins.
we depend heavily on our ability to purchase quality merchandise in sufficient quantities at competitive prices. as the quantities we require continue to grow, we have no assurances of continued supply, appropriate pricing or access to new products, and any vendor has the ability to change the terms upon which they sell to us or discontinue selling to us. member demands may lead to out-of-stock positions of our merchandise leading to loss of sales and profits.
we buy from numerous domestic and foreign manufacturers and importers. our inability to acquire suitable merchandise on acceptable terms or the loss of key vendors could negatively affect us. we may not be able to develop relationships with new vendors, and products from alternative sources, if any, may be of a lesser quality or more expensive than those from existing vendors. because of our efforts to adhere to high quality standards for which available supply may be limited, particularly for certain food items, the large volume we demand may not be consistently available.
our suppliers (and those they depend upon for materials and services) are subject to risks, including labor disputes, union organizing activities, financial liquidity, inclement weather, natural disasters, supply constraints, and general economic and political conditions that could limit their ability to timely provide us with acceptable merchandise. for these or other reasons, one or more of our suppliers might not adhere to our quality control, legal, regulatory, labor, environmental or animal welfare standards. these deficiencies may delay or preclude delivery of merchandise to us and might not be identified before we sell such merchandise to our members. this failure could lead to recalls and litigation and otherwise damage our reputation and our brands, increase our costs, and otherwise adversely impact our business.
fluctuations in foreign exchange rates may adversely affect our results of operations.
during 2018, our international operations, including canada, generated 28% and 38% of our net sales and operating income, respectively. our international operations have accounted for an increasing portion of our warehouses, and we plan to continue international growth. to prepare our consolidated financial statements, we translate the financial statements of our international operations from local currencies into u.s. dollars using current exchange rates. future fluctuations in exchange rates that are unfavorable to us may adversely affect the financial performance of our canadian and other international operations and have a corresponding adverse period-over-period effect on our results of operations. as we continue to expand internationally, our exposure to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates may increase.
a portion of the products we purchase for sale in our warehouses around the world is paid for in a currency other than the local currency of the country in which the goods are sold. currency fluctuations may increase our cost of goods and may not be passed on to members. consequently, fluctuations in currency exchange rates may adversely affect our results of operations.
natural disasters or other catastrophes could negatively affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
natural disasters, such as hurricanes, typhoons or earthquakes, particularly in california or washington state, where our centralized operating systems and administrative personnel are located, could negatively affect our operations and financial performance. such events could result in physical damage to one or more of our properties, the temporary closure of one or more warehouses, depots, manufacturing or home office facilities, the temporary lack of an adequate work force in a market, the temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of products from some local or overseas suppliers, the temporary disruption in the transport of goods to or from overseas, delays in the delivery of goods to our warehouses or depots within the countries in which we operate, and the temporary reduction in the availability of products in our warehouses. public health issues, whether occurring in the u.s. or abroad, could disrupt our operations, disrupt the operations of suppliers or members, or have an adverse impact on consumer spending and confidence levels. these events could also reduce demand for our products or make it difficult or impossible to procure products. we may be required to suspend operations in some or all of our locations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
factors associated with climate change could adversely affect our business.
we use natural gas, diesel fuel, gasoline, and electricity in our distribution and warehouse operations. u.s. and foreign government regulations limiting carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions may result in increased compliance and merchandise costs, and legislation or regulation affecting energy inputs that could materially affect our profitability. climate change and extreme weather conditions, such as intense hurricanes, thunderstorms, tornadoes, and snow or ice storms, as well as rising sea levels could affect our ability to procure needed commodities at costs and in quantities we currently experience. we also sell a substantial amount of gasoline, the demand for which could be impacted by concerns about climate change and which could face increased regulation.
failure to meet financial market expectations could adversely affect the market price and volatility of our stock.
we believe that the price of our stock currently reflects high market expectations for our future operating results. any failure to meet or delay in meeting these expectations, including our warehouse and e-commerce comparable sales growth rates, membership renewal rates, new member sign-ups, gross margin, earnings, earnings per share, new warehouse openings, or dividend or stock repurchase policies could cause the market price of our stock to decline.
legal and regulatory risks our international operations subject us to risks associated with the legislative, judicial, accounting, regulatory, political and economic factors specific to the countries or regions in which we operate, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
during 2018, we operated 235 warehouses outside of the u.s., and we plan to continue expanding our international operations. future operating results internationally could be negatively affected by a variety of factors, many similar to those we face in the u.s., certain of which are beyond our control. these factors include political and economic conditions, regulatory constraints, currency regulations, policy changes such as the u.k.'s vote to withdraw from the european union, commonly known as "brexit", and other matters in any of the countries or regions in which we operate, now or in the future. other factors that may impact international operations include foreign trade (including tariffs), monetary and fiscal policies and the laws and regulations of the u.s. and foreign governments, agencies and similar organizations, and risks associated with having major facilities in locations which have been historically less stable than the u.s. risks inherent in international operations also include, among others, the costs and difficulties of managing international operations, adverse tax consequences, and difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights.
changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters could significantly affect our financial condition and results of operations.
accounting principles and related pronouncements, implementation guidelines, and interpretations we apply to a wide range of matters that are relevant to our business, including self-insurance liabilities and income taxes, are highly complex and involve subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by our management. changes in rules or interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments by our management could significantly change our reported or expected financial performance and have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
we compute our income tax provision based on enacted tax rates in the countries in which we operate. as tax rates vary among countries, a change in earnings attributable to the various jurisdictions in which we operate could result in an unfavorable change in our overall tax provision. additionally, changes in the enacted tax rates, adverse outcomes in tax audits, including transfer pricing disputes, or any change in the pronouncements relating to accounting for income taxes could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
significant changes in, or failure to comply with, federal, state, regional, local and international laws and regulations relating to the use, storage, discharge and disposal of hazardous materials, hazardous and non-hazardous wastes and other environmental matters could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are subject to a wide variety of federal, state, regional, local and international laws and regulations relating to the use, storage, discharge and disposal of hazardous materials, hazardous and non-hazardous wastes and other environmental matters. failure to comply with these laws could result in harm to our members, employees or others, significant costs to satisfy environmental compliance, remediation or compensatory requirements, or the imposition of severe penalties or restrictions on operations by governmental agencies or courts that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are involved in a number of legal proceedings and audits and some of these outcomes could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our business requires compliance with many laws and regulations. failure to achieve compliance could subject us to lawsuits and other proceedings, and lead to damage awards, fines, penalties, and remediation costs. we are, or may become involved, in a number of legal proceedings and audits including grand jury investigations, government and agency investigations, and consumer, employment, tort, unclaimed property laws, and other litigation. we cannot predict with certainty the outcomes of these proceedings and other contingencies, including environmental remediation and other proceedings commenced by governmental authorities. the outcome of some of these proceedings, audits, unclaimed property laws, and other contingencies could require us to take, or refrain from taking, actions which could negatively affect our operations or could require us to pay substantial amounts of money, adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations. additionally, defending against these lawsuits and proceedings may involve significant expense and diversion of management's attention and resources.
item 7-management's discussion and analysis of financial conditions and results of operations (amounts in millions, except per share, share, membership fee, and warehouse count data)
overview we believe that the most important driver of our profitability is sales growth, particularly comparable warehouse sales (comparable sales) growth. we define comparable sales as sales from warehouses open for more than one year, including remodels, relocations and expansions, as well as online sales related to e-commerce websites operating for more than one year. comparable sales growth is achieved through increasing shopping frequency from new and existing members and the amount they spend on each visit (average ticket). sales comparisons can also be particularly influenced by certain factors that are beyond our control: fluctuations in currency exchange rates (with respect to the consolidation of the results of our international operations); and changes in the cost of gasoline and associated competitive conditions. the higher our comparable sales exclusive of these items, the more we can leverage certain of our selling, general and administrative expenses, reducing them as a percentage of sales and enhancing profitability. generating comparable sales growth is foremost a question of making available to our members the right merchandise at the right prices, a skill that we believe we have repeatedly demonstrated over the long term. another substantial factor in sales growth is the health of the economies in which we do business, including the effects of inflation or deflation, especially the united states. sales growth and gross margins are also impacted by our competition, which is vigorous and widespread, across a wide range of global, national and regional wholesalers and retailers, including those with e-commerce operations. while we cannot control or reliably predict general economic health or changes in competition, we believe that we have been successful historically in adapting our business to these changes, such as through adjustments to our pricing and to our merchandise mix, including increasing the penetration of our private label items, and through our online offerings.
our philosophy is to provide our members with quality goods and services at competitive prices. we do not focus in the short term on maximizing prices charged, but instead seek to maintain what we believe is a perception among our members of our "pricing authority" on quality goods - consistently providing the most competitive values. our investments in merchandise pricing can, from time to time, include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members, all negatively impacting near-term gross margin as a percentage of net sales (gross margin percentage). we believe that our gasoline business draws members but it generally has a significantly lower gross margin percentage relative to our non-gasoline business. a higher penetration of gasoline sales will generally lower our gross margin percentage. rapidly changing gasoline prices may significantly impact our near-term net sales growth. generally, rising gasoline prices benefit net sales growth which, given the higher sales base, negatively impacts our gross margin percentage but decreases our selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expenses as a percentage of net sales. a decline in gasoline prices has the inverse effect.
we also achieve sales growth by opening new warehouses. as our warehouse base grows, available and desirable potential sites become more difficult to secure, and square footage growth becomes a comparatively less substantial component of growth. the negative aspects of such growth, however, including lower initial operating profitability relative to existing warehouses and cannibalization of sales at existing warehouses when openings occur in existing markets, are continuing to decline in significance as they relate to the results of our total operations. our rate of square footage growth is generally higher in foreign markets, due to the smaller base in those markets, and we expect that to continue. our e-commerce business growth, domestically and internationally, has also increased our sales.
our membership format is an integral part of our business and has a significant effect on our profitability. this format is designed to reinforce member loyalty and provide continuing fee revenue. the extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base, increase the penetration of our executive members, and sustain high renewal rates, materially influences our profitability. our paid membership growth rate may be adversely impacted when warehouse openings occur in existing markets.
our financial performance depends heavily on our ability to control costs. while we believe that we have achieved successes in this area, some significant costs are partially outside our control, most particularly health care and utility expenses. with respect to expenses relating to the compensation of our employees, our philosophy is not to seek to minimize their wages and benefits. rather, we believe that achieving our longer-term objectives of reducing employee turnover and enhancing employee satisfaction requires maintaining compensation levels that are better than the industry average for much of our workforce. this may cause us, for example, to absorb costs that other employers might seek to pass through to their workforces. because our business is operated on very low margins, modest changes in various items in the income statement, particularly merchandise costs and selling, general and administrative expenses, can have substantial impacts on net income.
our operating model is generally the same across our u.s., canada, and other international operating segments (see note 11 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report). certain countries in the other international segment have relatively higher rates of square footage growth, lower wages and benefits costs as a percentage of country sales, and/or less or no direct membership warehouse competition.
in discussions of our consolidated operating results, we refer to the impact of changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar, which are references to the differences between the foreign-exchange rates we use to convert the financial results of our international operations from local currencies into u.s. dollars for financial reporting purposes. this impact of foreign-exchange rate changes is calculated based on the difference between the current period's currency exchange rates and that of the comparable prior period. the impact of changes in gasoline prices on net sales is calculated based on the difference between the current period's average price per gallon sold and that of the comparable prior period.
•   net sales increased 10% to 138,434 driven by a 9% increase in comparable sales and sales at new warehouses opened in 2017 and 2018, partially offset by one additional week of sales in 2017;
•   gross margin percentage decreased 29 basis points due to the impact of gasoline price inflation on net sales and a shift in sales penetration to certain lower margin warehouse ancillary businesses from our core merchandise categories;
•   selling, general &amp; administrative (sg&amp;a) expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased 24 basis points, due to the impact of gasoline price inflation and leveraging increased sales;
•   the effective tax rate in 2018 was 28.4% and was favorably impacted by the 2017 tax act and net tax benefits of $57. the effective tax rate in 2017 was 32.8% and was favorably impacted by net tax benefits of $104;
•   in april 2018, the board of directors approved an increase in the quarterly cash dividend from $0.50 to $0.57 per share.
results of operations net sales
changes in net sales:
changes in comparable sales:
increases in comparable sales excluding the impact of changes in foreign currency and gasoline prices:
net sales net sales increased $12,262 or 10% during 2018, primarily due to a 9% increase in comparable sales and sales at new warehouses opened in 2017 and 2018, partially offset by the impact of one additional week of sales in 2017.
changes in gasoline prices positively impacted net sales by approximately $2,267, or 180 basis points, due to a 19% increase in the average sales price per gallon. changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar positively impacted net sales by approximately $1,156, or 92 basis points, compared to 2017. the positive impact was driven by both our canadian and other international operations.
comparable sales comparable sales increased 9% during 2018 and were positively impacted by increases in both shopping frequency and the average ticket. the average ticket and comparable sales results were positively impacted by an increase in gasoline prices and exchange rates in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar. changes in comparable sales includes the negative impact of cannibalization (established warehouses losing sales to our newly opened locations).
net sales net sales increased $10,099 or 9% during 2017, primarily due to a 4% increase in comparable sales, new warehouses opened in 2016 and 2017, and the benefit of one additional week of sales in 2017. changes in gasoline prices positively impacted net sales by approximately $785, or 68 basis points, due to an 8% increase in the average sales price per gallon. changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar negatively impacted net sales by approximately $295, or 25 basis points, compared to 2016. the negative impact was driven by other international operations, partially offset by positive impacts attributable to our canadian operations.
comparable sales comparable sales increased 4% during 2017 and were positively impacted by an increase in shopping frequency and, to a lesser extent, an increased average ticket. the average ticket and comparable sales results were positively impacted by an increase in gasoline prices, offset by decreases in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar. changes in comparable sales includes the negative impact of cannibalization.
membership fees as a percentage of net sales        2.27   %            2.26   %            2.28   %
the increase in membership fees was primarily due to the annual fee increase and membership sign-ups at existing and new warehouses. these increases were partially offset by the impact of one additional week of membership fees in 2017. at the end of 2018, our member renewal rates were 90% in the u.s. and canada and 88% worldwide.
as reported in fiscal 2017, we increased our annual membership fees in the u.s. and canada and in certain of our other international operations. we account for membership fee revenue on a deferred basis, recognized ratably over the one-year membership period. these fee increases had a positive impact of approximately $178 in fiscal 2018 and will positively impact fiscal 2019, primarily the first two quarters, by approximately $70.
the increase in membership fees was primarily due to membership sign-ups at existing and new warehouses, an extra week of membership fee revenue, the annual fee increase, and an increased number of upgrades to our higher-fee executive membership program. fee increases had a positive impact on membership fee revenues during 2017 of approximately $23.
the gross margin of our core merchandise categories (food and sundries, hardlines, softlines and fresh foods), when expressed as a percentage of core merchandise sales (rather than total net sales), increased one basis point primarily due to increases in food and sundries and hardlines partially offset by decreases in fresh foods and softlines. this measure eliminates the impact of changes in sales penetration and gross margins from our warehouse ancillary and other businesses.
total gross margin percentage decreased 29 basis points compared to 2017. excluding the impact of gasoline price inflation on net sales, gross margin as a percentage of adjusted net sales was 11.22%, a decrease of 11 basis points. this decrease was primarily due to a shift in sales penetration to certain lower margin warehouse ancillary and other businesses, which contributed to a 13 basis point decrease in our core merchandise categories, except hardlines which was flat. gross margin percentage was also negatively impacted by 10 basis points due to a non-recurring legal settlement benefiting 2017 and costs related to our centralized return centers in the u.s. these decreases were partially offset by a 13 basis point increase in our warehouse ancillary and other businesses, predominantly our gasoline business. changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar positively impacted gross margin by approximately $124 in 2018.
the segment gross margin percentage, when expressed as a percentage of the segment's own sales and excluding the impact of changes in gasoline prices on net sales (segment gross margin percentage), decreased in our u.s. operations, predominantly in our core merchandise categories, and as a result of the non-recurring legal settlement in 2017, and the costs related to our centralized return centers mentioned above. the segment gross margin percentage in our canadian operations increased, due to warehouse ancillary and other businesses, primarily our gasoline business. the segment gross margin percentage in our other international operations decreased, predominantly in food and sundries and softlines, partially offset by an increase in our gasoline business.
the gross margin of our core merchandise categories, when expressed as a percentage of core merchandise sales, increased eight basis points due to increases in these categories other than fresh foods.
total gross margin percentage decreased two basis points compared to 2016. excluding the impact of gasoline price inflation on net sales, gross margin as a percentage of adjusted net sales was 11.40%, an increase of five basis points. this increase was primarily due to amounts earned under the co-branded credit card arrangement in the u.s. of 15 basis points and a benefit of three basis points from non-recurring legal settlements and other matters. the improvement in terms in our current co-brand agreement as compared to the prior co-brand arrangement led to substantial year over year benefits in fiscal 2017. these increases were partially offset by a six basis point decrease in our core merchandise categories, primarily due to food and sundries as a result of a decrease in sales penetration. the gross margin percentage was also negatively impacted by five basis points due to a lifo benefit in 2016 and one basis point in warehouse ancillary and other businesses. changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar had an immaterial impact on gross margin in 2017.
gross margin on a segment basis, when expressed as a percentage of the segment's own sales and excluding the impact of changes in gasoline prices on net sales, increased in our u.s. operations, due to amounts
earned under the co-branded credit card arrangement and non-recurring legal settlements and other matters as discussed above. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in core merchandise categories, predominantly food and sundries as a result of a decrease in sales penetration, and a lifo benefit in 2016. the segment gross margin percentage in our canadian operations increased, primarily due to increases in warehouse ancillary and other businesses, primarily our pharmacy business, partially offset by a decrease in our core merchandise categories, largely fresh foods. the segment gross margin percentage increased in our other international operations due to increases across all core merchandise categories, except fresh foods.
sg&amp;a expenses as a percentage of net sales       10.02   %           10.26   %           10.40   %
sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased 24 basis points compared to 2017. excluding the impact of gasoline price inflation on net sales, sg&a expenses as a percentage of adjusted net sales was 10.19%, a decrease of seven basis points. operating costs related to warehouses, ancillary, and other businesses, which includes e-commerce and travel, were lower by six basis points, predominantly in our u.s. and other international operations, due to leveraging increased sales. charges related to certain non-recurring legal and other matters in 2017 positively impacted sg&a expense by two basis points. stock compensation expense was also lower by one basis point. central operating costs were higher by two basis points. changes in foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar increased our sg&a expenses by approximately $98 in 2018.
effective in june 2018, a portion of the savings generated from the tax cuts and jobs act (the "2017 tax act") were used to increase wages for the majority of our u.s. hourly employees. the impact in fiscal 2018 was two basis points and the estimated annualized pre-tax cost of these increases is approximately $120.
sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased 14 basis points compared to 2016. excluding the impact of gasoline price inflation on net sales, sg&a expenses as a percentage of adjusted net sales was 10.33%, a decrease of seven basis points. operating costs related to warehouses, ancillary, and other businesses, were lower by nine basis points, primarily due to lower costs associated with the co-branded credit card arrangement in the u.s. of 18 basis points. the improvement in terms in our current co-brand agreement as compared to the prior co-brand arrangement led to substantial year over year benefits in fiscal 2017. this was partially offset by higher payroll and employee benefit expenses of 11 basis points, primarily in our u.s. operations. central operating costs were higher by one basis point, primarily due to increased costs associated with our information systems modernization, including increased depreciation for projects placed in service, incurred by our u.s. operations. stock compensation expense was also higher by one basis point.
preopening expenses include costs for startup operations related to new warehouses and relocations, developments in new international markets, new manufacturing and distribution facilities, and expansions at existing warehouses. preopening expenses vary due to the number of warehouse openings, the timing of the opening relative to our year-end, whether the warehouse is owned or leased, and whether the opening is in an existing, new, or international market. in 2017, we entered into two new international markets, iceland and france.
interest expense primarily relates to senior notes issued by the company. in may 2017, we issued $3,800 in aggregate principal amount of senior notes. in march and june 2017, we repaid $2,200 in total outstanding principal of the 5.5% and 1.125% senior notes, respectively.
the increase in interest income in 2018 as compared to 2017 was primarily due to higher interest rates earned on higher average cash and investment balances. foreign-currency transaction gains (losses), net include the revaluation or settlement of monetary assets and liabilities and mark-to-market adjustments for forward foreign-exchange contracts by our canadian and other international operations. in 2018, the increase was primarily due to a strengthening u.s. dollar relative to certain foreign currencies on forward foreign-exchange contracts. see derivatives and foreign currency sections in item 8, note 1 of this report.
foreign-currency transaction gains (losses), net include the revaluation or settlement of monetary assets and liabilities and mark-to-market adjustments for forward foreign-exchange contracts by our canadian and other international operations.
our effective tax rate for 2018 was favorably impacted by the 2017 tax act, which included a reduction in the u.s. federal corporate rate from 35% to 21%. due to the timing of our fiscal year relative to the effective date of the rate change, our u.s. corporate rate for 2018 resulted in a blended rate of 25.6%. other impacts from the 2017 tax act consisted of tax expense of $142 for the estimated tax on deemed repatriation of unremitted earnings and $43 for the reduction in foreign tax credits and other immaterial items, largely offset by a tax benefit of $166 for the provisional remeasurement of certain deferred tax liabilities. in 2018, we also recognized net tax benefits of $76, which was largely driven by the adoption of an accounting standard related to stock-based compensation and other immaterial net benefits.
in 2017, our provision was favorably impacted by net tax benefits of $104, primarily due to a tax benefit recorded in connection with the may 2017 special dividend paid to employees through our 401(k) retirement plan of $82. this dividend was deductible for u.s. income tax purposes.
liquidity and capital resources the following table summarizes our significant sources and uses of cash and cash equivalents:
net cash provided by operating activities      $5,774              $6,726              $3,292
our primary sources of liquidity are cash flows generated from warehouse operations, cash and cash equivalents, and short-term investments. cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments were $7,259 and $5,779 at the end of 2018 and 2017, respectively. of these balances, approximately $1,348 and $1,255 represented unsettled credit and debit card receivables, respectively. these receivables generally settle within four days. cash and cash equivalents were negatively impacted by a change in exchange rates of $37 in 2018 and positively impacted by $25 and $50 in 2017 and 2016, respectively.
management believes that our cash position and operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for the foreseeable future. while we believe that our u.s. current and projected asset position is sufficient to meet our u.s. liquidity requirements, beginning in the second quarter of fiscal 2018, we no longer consider current fiscal year and future earnings of our non-u.s. consolidated subsidiaries to be permanently reinvested. we recorded the estimated incremental foreign withholding (net of available foreign tax credits) and state income taxes payable on current fiscal year earnings assuming a hypothetical repatriation to the u.s. we continue to consider undistributed earnings of certain non-u.s. consolidated subsidiaries prior to fiscal 2018 to be indefinitely reinvested and have not provided for withholding or state taxes.
in fiscal 2018, we recorded a one-time charge of $142 for the estimated tax on deemed repatriation of unremitted earnings under the 2017 tax act. the 2017 tax act provides for the payment of the federal tax over an eight-year period. because of the availability of foreign tax credits, the amount payable is $97, of which $89 is classified as long-term and included in other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet.
cash flows from operating activities net cash provided by operating activities totaled $5,774 in 2018, compared to $6,726 in 2017. our cash flow provided by operations is primarily derived from net sales and membership fees. cash flow used in operations
generally consists of payments to our merchandise vendors, warehouse operating costs including payroll and employee benefits, utilities, and credit and debit card processing fees. cash used in operations also includes payments for income taxes. the decrease in net cash provided by operating activities for 2018 when compared to 2017 was primarily due to accelerated vendor payments of approximately $1,700 made in the last week of fiscal 2016, which positively impacted cash flows in 2017.
cash flows from investing activities net cash used in investing activities totaled $2,947 in 2018, compared to $2,366 in 2017, and primarily related to capital expenditures. net cash flows from investing activities also includes maturities and purchases of short-term investments.
capital expenditures we opened 21 net new warehouses and relocated 4 warehouses in 2018 and plan to open approximately 20 net new warehouses and relocate up to 4 warehouses in 2019. our primary requirement for capital is acquiring land, buildings, and equipment for new and remodeled warehouses. capital is also required for information systems, manufacturing and distribution facilities, initial warehouse operations and working capital. in 2018, we spent $2,969 on capital expenditures, and it is our current intention to spend approximately $2,800 to $3,100 during fiscal 2019. these expenditures are expected to be financed with cash from operations, existing cash and cash equivalents, and short-term investments. there can be no assurance that current expectations will be realized and plans are subject to change upon further review of our capital expenditure needs.
cash flows from financing activities net cash used in financing activities totaled $1,281 in 2018, compared to $3,218 in 2017. the primary uses of cash in 2018 were related to dividend payments and repurchases of common stock. net cash used in financing activities in 2017 primarily related to dividend payments, predominantly the special dividend paid in may 2017, and the repayments of debt totaling $2,200 representing the aggregate principal balances of the 5.5% and 1.125% senior notes.
in may 2017, we issued $3,800 in aggregate principal amount of senior notes. the proceeds received were net of a discount and used to pay the special dividend and a portion of the redemption of the 1.125% senior notes.
stock repurchase programs during 2018 and 2017, we repurchased 1,756,000 and 2,998,000 shares of common stock, at average prices of $183.13 and $157.87, totaling approximately $322 and $473, respectively. the remaining amount available to be purchased under our approved plan was $2,427 at the end of 2018. these amounts may differ from the stock repurchase balances in the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows due to changes in unsettled stock repurchases at the end of each fiscal year. purchases are made from time-to-time, as conditions warrant, in the open market or in block purchases and pursuant to plans under sec rule 10b5-1. repurchased shares are retired, in accordance with the washington business corporation act.
dividends cash dividends declared in 2018 totaled $2.14 per share, as compared to $8.90 per share in 2017, which included a special cash dividend of $7.00 per share. in april 2018, our board of directors increased our quarterly cash dividend from $0.50 to $0.57 per share. subsequent to the end of 2018, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend in the amount of $0.57 per share, which is payable on november 23, 2018.
bank credit facilities and commercial paper programs we maintain bank credit facilities for working capital and general corporate purposes. at september 2, 2018, we had borrowing capacity under these facilities of $857, including a $400 revolving line of credit renewed by the u.s., which expires in june 2019. the company currently has no plans to draw upon this facility. our international operations maintain $344 of the total borrowing capacity under bank credit facilities, of which $163 is guaranteed by the company. there were no outstanding short-term borrowings under the bank credit facilities at the end of 2018 and 2017.
the company has letter of credit facilities, for commercial and standby letters of credit, totaling $220. the outstanding standby letters of credit under these facilities at the end of 2018 totaled $149 and expire within one year. the bank credit facilities and commercial paper programs have various expiration dates, all within one year, and we generally intend to renew these facilities. the amount of borrowings available at any time under our bank credit facilities is reduced by the amount of standby and commercial letters of credit then outstanding.
contractual obligations at september 2, 2018, our commitments to make future payments under contractual obligations were as follows:
operating leases (3)                                            227                   407                      358                        2,215                    3,207
capital lease obligations(4)                                     34                    71                       72                          647                      824
purchase obligations (equipment, services and other)(5)         611                   186                       67                            3                      867
(3)   excludes common area maintenance, taxes, and insurance and have been reduced by $105 related to sub-lease income.
(5)   excludes certain services negotiated at the individual warehouse or regional level that are not significant and generally contain clauses allowing for cancellation without significant penalty.
(6)   includes asset retirement obligations, deferred compensation obligations and current liabilities for unrecognized tax contingencies. the total amount excludes $36 of non-current unrecognized tax contingencies and $30 of other obligations due to uncertainty regarding the timing of future cash payments.
off-balance sheet arrangements in the opinion of management, we have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have had, or are reasonably likely to have, a material current or future effect on our financial condition or financial statements other than operating leases, included in the table above and discussed in note 1 and note 5 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (u.s. gaap) requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. we base our estimates on historical experience and on assumptions that we believe to be reasonable, and we continue to review and evaluate these estimates. for further information on significant accounting policies, see discussion in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report.
insurance/self-insurance liabilities the company is predominantly self-insured for employee health-care benefits, workers' compensation, general liability, property damage, directors' and officers' liability, vehicle liability, and inventory loss. insurance coverage is maintained in certain instances to limit the exposure arising from catastrophic events. we use different mechanisms, including a wholly-owned captive insurance subsidiary and participate in a reinsurance program. liabilities associated with the risks that we retain are not discounted and are estimated by using historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors and other actuarial assumptions. the costs of claims are highly unpredictable and can fluctuate as a result of inflation rates, regulatory or legal changes, and unforeseen developments in claims of an extended nature. while we believe our estimates are reasonable and provide for a certain degree of coverage to account for these variables, actual claims and costs could differ significantly from recorded liabilities. historically, adjustments to our estimates have not been material.
income taxes the determination of our provision for income taxes requires significant judgment, the use of estimates, and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws. significant judgment also is required in assessing the timing and amounts of deductible and taxable items and the probability of sustaining uncertain tax positions. the benefits associated with uncertain tax positions are recorded only after determining a more-likely-than-not probability that the positions will withstand challenge from tax authorities. when facts and circumstances change, we reassess these positions and record any changes in the consolidated financial statements as appropriate. in december 2017, the 2017 tax act was signed into law and our effective tax rate for fiscal 2018 reflects the provisional impact (see note 8 to our consolidated financial statements).
recent accounting pronouncements see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this report for a detailed description of recent accounting pronouncements.