risk factors and the other information in this form 10-k. the risks that entergy faces are not limited to those in this section. there may be additional risks and uncertainties
(either currently unknown or not currently believed to be material) that could adversely affect entergy's financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. see "
forward-looking information
utility regulatory risks
(entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy)
the terms and conditions of service, including electric and gas rates, of the utility operating companies and system energy are determined through regulatory approval proceedings that can be lengthy and subject to appeal that could result in delays in effecting rate changes and uncertainty as to ultimate results.
the rates that the utility operating companies and system energy charge reflect their capital expenditures, operations and maintenance costs, allowed rates of return, financing costs, and related costs of service. these rates significantly influence the financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity of entergy and each of the utility operating companies and system energy. these rates are determined in regulatory proceedings and are subject to periodic regulatory review and adjustment, including adjustment upon the initiative of a regulator or affected stakeholders.
in addition, regulators may initiate proceedings to investigate the prudence of costs in the utility operating companies' base rates and examine, among other things, the reasonableness or prudence of the companies' operation and maintenance practices, level of expenditures (including storm costs and costs associated with capital projects), allowed rates of return and rate base, proposed resource acquisitions, and previously incurred capital expenditures that the operating companies seek to place in rates. the regulators may disallow costs subject to their jurisdiction found not to have been prudently incurred or found not to have been incurred in compliance with applicable tariffs, creating some risk to the ultimate recovery of those costs. regulatory proceedings relating to rates and other matters typically involve multiple parties seeking to limit or reduce rates. traditional base rate proceedings, as opposed to formula rate plans, generally have long timelines, are primarily based on historical costs, and may or may not be limited in scope or duration by statute. the length of these base rate proceedings can cause the utility operating companies and system energy to experience regulatory lag in recovering costs through rates. decisions are typically subject to appeal, potentially leading to additional uncertainty associated with rate case proceedings.
the base rates of entergy texas are established largely in traditional base rate case proceedings. apart from base rate proceedings, entergy texas has also filed to use rate riders to recover the revenue requirements associated with certain authorized historical costs. for example, entergy texas has recovered distribution-related capital investments through the distribution cost recovery factor rider mechanism, transmission-related capital investments and certain non-fuel miso charges through the transmission cost recovery factor rider mechanism, and miso fuel and energy-related costs through the fixed fuel factor mechanism. entergy texas is also required to make a filing every three years, at a minimum, reconciling its fuel and purchased power costs and fuel factor revenues. in the course of this reconciliation, the puct determines whether eligible fuel and fuel-related expenses and revenues are necessary and reasonable, and makes a prudence finding for each of the fuel-related contracts for the reconciliation period.
between base rate cases, entergy arkansas and entergy mississippi are able to adjust base rates annually through formula rate plans that utilize a forward test year (entergy arkansas) or forward-looking features (entergy mississippi). in response to entergy arkansas's application for a general change in rates in 2015, the apsc approved the formula rate plan tariff proposed by entergy arkansas including its use of a projected year test period and an initial five-year term. the initial five-year term expires in 2021 unless entergy arkansas requests, and the apsc approves, the extension of the formula rate plan tariff for an additional five years through 2026. in the event that entergy arkansas's formula rate plan is terminated or is not extended beyond the initial term, entergy arkansas could file an
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy application for a general change in rates that may include a request for continued regulation under a formula rate review mechanism. if entergy mississippi's formula rate plan is terminated, it would revert to the more traditional rate case environment or seek approval of a new formula rate plan. entergy arkansas and entergy mississippi recover fuel and purchased energy and certain non-fuel costs through other apsc-approved and mpsc-approved tariffs, respectively.
entergy louisiana historically sets electric base rates annually through a formula rate plan using an historic test year. the form of the formula rate plan, on a combined basis, was approved in connection with the business combination of entergy louisiana and entergy gulf states louisiana and largely followed the formula rate plans that were approved by the lpsc in connection with the full electric base rate cases filed by those companies in february
2013. the formula rate plan has been extended through the test year 2019; certain modifications were made in that extension, including a decrease to the allowed return on equity and the addition of a transmission cost recovery mechanism. the formula rate plan continues to include exceptions from the rate cap and sharing requirements for certain large capital investment projects, including acquisition or construction of generating facilities and purchase power agreements approved by the lpsc and as noted, for certain transmission investment, among other items. miso fuel and energy-related costs are recoverable in entergy louisiana's fuel adjustment clause. in the event that the electric formula rate plan is not renewed or extended, entergy louisiana would revert to the more traditional rate case environment.
entergy new orleans previously operated under a formula rate plan that ended with the 2011 test year. currently, based on a settlement agreement approved by the city council, with limited exceptions, no action may be taken with respect to entergy new orleans's base rates until rates are implemented in connection with the most recent base rate case that is filed regarding its electric and gas operations. entergy new orleans filed its most recent rate case in september 2018 and expects a decision by the city council later in 2019, with rates to become effective as of august 2019.
the rates of system energy are established by the ferc, and the costs allowed to be charged pursuant to these rates are, in turn, passed through to the participating utility operating companies through the unit power sales agreement, which allows monthly adjustments to reflect the current operating costs of, and investment in, grand gulf. the unit power sales agreement is currently the subject of several litigation proceedings at the ferc, including a challenge with respect to system energy's authorized return on equity and capital structure. see note 2
to the financial statements for further discussion of the proceedings.
the utility operating companies and system energy, and the energy industry as a whole, have experienced a period of rising costs and investments, and an upward trend in spending, especially with respect to infrastructure investments, which is likely to continue in the foreseeable future and could result in more frequent rate cases and requests for, and the continuation of, cost recovery mechanisms. for information regarding rate case proceedings and formula rate plans applicable to the utility operating companies, see note 2 to the financial statements.
the utility operating companies recover fuel, purchased power, and associated costs through rate mechanisms that are subject to risks of delay or disallowance in regulatory proceedings.
the utility operating companies recover their fuel, purchased power, and associated costs from their customers through rate mechanisms subject to periodic regulatory review and adjustment. because regulatory review can result in the disallowance of incurred costs found not to have been prudently incurred, including the cost of replacement power purchased when generators experience outages, with the possibility of refunds to ratepayers, there exists some risk to the ultimate recovery of those costs. regulators may also initiate proceedings to investigate the continued usage or the adequacy and operation of the fuel and purchased power recovery clauses of the utility operating companies and, therefore, there can be no assurance that existing recovery mechanisms will remain unchanged or in effect at all.
the utility operating companies' cash flows can be negatively affected by the time delays between when gas, power, or other commodities are purchased and the ultimate recovery from customers of the costs in rates. on occasion, when the level of incurred costs for fuel and purchased power rises very dramatically, some of the utility operating
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy companies may agree to defer recovery of a portion of that period's fuel and purchased power costs for recovery at a later date, which could increase the near-term working capital and borrowing requirements of those companies. for a description of fuel and purchased power recovery mechanisms and information regarding the regulatory proceedings for fuel and purchased power costs recovery, see note 2 to the financial statements.
there remains uncertainty regarding the effect of the termination of the system agreement on the utility operating companies.
the utility operating companies historically engaged in the coordinated planning, construction, and operation of generating resources and bulk transmission facilities under the terms of the system agreement, which is a rate schedule that had been approved by the ferc. the system agreement terminated in its entirety on august 31, 2016.
there remains uncertainty regarding the long-term effect of the termination of the system agreement on the utility operating companies because of the significant effect of the agreement on the generation and transmission functions of the utility operating companies and the significant period of time (over 30 years) that it had been in existence. in the absence of the system agreement, there remains uncertainty around the effectiveness of governance processes and the potential absence of federal authority to resolve certain issues among the utility operating companies and their retail regulators.
in addition, although the system agreement terminated in its entirety in august 2016, there are a number of outstanding system agreement proceedings at the ferc that may require future adjustments, including challenges to the level and timing of payments made by entergy arkansas under the system agreement. the outcome and timing of these ferc proceedings and resulting recovery and impact on rates cannot be predicted at this time.
for further information regarding the regulatory proceedings relating to the system agreement, see note 2 to the financial statements.
the utility operating companies are subject to economic risks associated with participation in the miso markets and the allocation of transmission upgrade costs. the operation of the utility operating companies' transmission system pursuant to the miso rto tariff and their participation in the miso rto's wholesale markets may be adversely affected by regulatory or market design changes, as well as liability under, or any future inability to comply with, existing or future regulations or requirements.
on december 19, 2013, the utility operating companies integrated into the miso rto. miso maintains functional control over the combined transmission systems of its members and administers wholesale energy and ancillary services markets for market participants in the miso region, including the utility operating companies. the utility operating companies sell capacity, energy, and ancillary services on a bilateral basis to certain wholesale customers and offer available electricity production of their generating facilities into the miso day-ahead and real-time energy markets pursuant to the miso tariff and market rules. the utility operating companies are subject to economic risks associated with participation in the miso markets. miso tariff rules and system conditions, including transmission congestion, could affect the utility operating companies' ability to sell power in certain regions and/or the economic value of such sales, and miso market rules may change in ways that cause additional risk.
the utility operating companies participate in the miso regional transmission planning process and are subject to risks associated with planning decisions that miso makes in the exercise of control over the planning of the utility operating companies' transmission assets that are under miso's functional control. the utility operating companies pay transmission rates that reflect the cost of transmission projects that the utility operating companies do not own, which could increase cash or financing needs. miso is currently evaluating through its stakeholder process potential changes in the transmission project criteria in miso. these changes, if adopted, could potentially result in a larger volume of competitively bid and regionally cost allocated transmission projects. in addition to the cash and financing-related risks arising from the potential additional cost allocation to the utility operating companies from these projects, there is a risk that the utility operating companies'
business and financial position could be harmed as a result of lost investment opportunities and other effects that flow from an increased number of competitive projects being approved
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy and constructed that are interconnected with their transmission systems. further, the terms and conditions of the miso tariff, including provisions related to the design and implementation of wholesale markets and the allocation of transmission upgrade costs, are subject to regulation by the ferc. the operation of the utility operating companies' transmission system pursuant to the miso tariff and their participation in the miso wholesale markets may be adversely affected by regulatory or market design changes, as well as liability under, or any future inability to comply with, existing or future regulations or requirements. in addition, orders from each of the utility operating companies' respective retail regulators generally require that the utility operating companies make periodic filings setting forth the results of analysis of the costs and benefits realized from miso membership as well as the projected costs and benefits of continued membership in miso and/or requesting approval of their continued membership in miso. these filings have been submitted periodically by each of the utility operating companies as required by their respective retail regulators, and the outcome of the resulting proceedings may affect the utility operating companies' continued membership in miso.
a delay or failure in recovering amounts for storm restoration costs incurred as a result of severe weather could have material effects on entergy and those utility operating companies affected by severe weather.
entergy's and its utility operating companies' results of operations, liquidity, and financial condition can be materially affected by the destructive effects of severe weather. severe weather can also result in significant outages for the customers of the utility operating companies and, therefore, reduced revenues for the utility operating companies during the period of the outages. a delay or failure in recovering amounts for storm restoration costs incurred or revenues lost as a result of severe weather could have a material effect on entergy and those utility operating companies affected by severe weather.
nuclear operating, shutdown and regulatory risks
(entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, and system energy)
certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and entergy wholesale commodities must consistently operate their nuclear power plants at high capacity factors in order to be successful, and lower capacity factors could materially affect entergy's and their results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
nuclear capacity factors significantly affect the results of operations of certain utility operating companies, system energy, and entergy wholesale commodities. nuclear plant operations involve substantial fixed operating costs. consequently, to be successful, a plant owner must consistently operate its nuclear power plants at high capacity factors, consistent with safety requirements. for the utility operating companies that own nuclear plants, lower capacity factors can increase production costs by requiring the affected companies to generate additional energy, sometimes at higher costs, from their fossil facilities or purchase additional energy in the spot or forward markets in order to satisfy their supply needs. for the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear plants, lower capacity factors directly affect revenues and cash flow from operations. entergy wholesale commodities' forward sales are comprised of various hedge products, many of which have some degree of operational-contingent price risk.
certain unit-contingent contracts guarantee specified minimum capacity factors. in the event plants with these contracts were operating below the guaranteed capacity factors, entergy would be subject to price risk for the undelivered power. further, entergy wholesale commodities' nuclear forward sales contracts can also be on a firm ld basis, which subjects entergy to increasing price risk as capacity factors decrease. many of these firm hedge products have damages risk.
certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear plant owners periodically shut down their nuclear power plants to replenish fuel. plant maintenance and upgrades are often scheduled during such refueling outages. if refueling outages last longer than anticipated or if unplanned outages arise, entergy's and their results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity could be materially affected.
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy outages at nuclear power plants to replenish fuel require the plant to be "turned off." refueling outages generally are planned to occur once every 18 to 24 months and average approximately 30 days in duration. plant maintenance and upgrades are often scheduled during such planned outages, which often extends the planned outage duration. when refueling outages last longer than anticipated or a plant experiences unplanned outages, capacity factors decrease and maintenance costs may increase. lower than forecasted capacity factors may cause entergy wholesale commodities to experience reduced revenues and may also create damages risk with certain hedge products as previously discussed.
certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and entergy wholesale commodities face risks related to the purchase of uranium fuel (and its conversion, enrichment, and fabrication). these risks could materially affect entergy's and their results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
based upon currently planned fuel cycles, entergy's nuclear units have a diversified portfolio of contracts and inventory that provides substantially adequate nuclear fuel materials and conversion and enrichment services at what entergy believes are reasonably predictable prices through 2019 and beyond. the nuclear fuel supply portfolio for the entergy wholesale commodities segment is being adjusted to reflect reduced overall requirements related to the planned permanent shutdown of the palisades, pilgrim, indian point 2 and indian point 3 plants over the next three years . entergy's ability to purchase nuclear fuel at reasonably predictable prices, however, depends upon the performance reliability of uranium miners. while there are a number of possible alternate suppliers that may be accessed to mitigate any supplier performance failure, the pricing of any such alternate uranium supply from the market will be dependent upon the market for uranium supply at that time. entergy buys uranium from a diversified mix of sellers located in a diversified mix of countries, and from time to time purchases from nearly all qualified reliable major market participants worldwide that sell into the u.s. market prices for nuclear fuel have been extremely volatile from time to time in the past, and may be subject to increased volatility due to the imposition of tariffs or shifting trade arrangements between countries. although entergy's nuclear fuel contract portfolio provides a degree of hedging against market risks for several years, costs for nuclear fuel in the future cannot be predicted with certainty due to normal inherent market uncertainties, and price changes could materially affect the liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations of certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and entergy wholesale commodities.
entergy's ability to assure nuclear fuel supply also depends upon the performance and reliability of conversion, enrichment, and fabrication services providers. these service providers are fewer in number than uranium suppliers.
for conversion and enrichment services, entergy diversifies its supply by supplier and country and may take special measures to ensure a reliable supply of enriched uranium for fabrication into nuclear fuel. for fabrication services, each plant is dependent upon the performance of the fabricator of that plant's nuclear fuel; therefore, entergy relies upon additional monitoring, inspection, and oversight of the fabrication process to assure reliability and quality of its nuclear fuel. certain of the suppliers and service providers are located in or dependent upon countries, such as russia, in which deteriorating economic conditions or international sanctions could restrict the ability of such suppliers to continue to supply fuel or provide such services. the inability of such suppliers or service providers to perform such obligations could materially affect the liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations of certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and entergy wholesale commodities.
entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business face the risk that the nrc will change or modify its regulations, suspend, or revoke their licenses, or increase oversight of their nuclear plants, which could materially affect entergy's and their results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
under the atomic energy act and energy reorganization act, the nrc regulates the operation of nuclear power plants.
the nrc may modify, suspend, or revoke licenses, shut down a nuclear facility and impose civil penalties for failure to comply with the atomic energy act, related regulations, or the terms of the licenses for nuclear facilities. interested parties may also intervene which could result in prolonged proceedings. a change in the atomic energy act, other applicable statutes, or the applicable regulations or licenses, or the nrc's interpretation thereof, may require
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy a substantial increase in capital expenditures or may result in increased operating or decommissioning costs and could materially affect the results of operations, liquidity, or financial condition of entergy (through entergy wholesale commodities), its utility operating companies, or system energy. a change in the classification of a plant owned by one of these companies under the nrc's reactor oversight process, which is the nrc's program to collect information about plant performance, assess the information for its safety significance, and provide for appropriate licensee and nrc response, also could cause the owner of the plant to incur material additional costs as a result of the increased oversight activity and potential response costs associated with the change in classification. for additional information concerning the current classification of the plants owned by entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business, see "
regulation of entergy's business
regulation of the nuclear power industry
- nrc reactor oversight process " in part i, item 1 and note 8 to the financial statements.
events at nuclear plants owned by one of these companies, as well as those owned by others, may lead to a change in laws or regulations or the terms of the applicable licenses, or the nrc's interpretation thereof, or may cause the nrc to increase oversight activity or initiate actions to modify, suspend, or revoke licenses, shut down a nuclear facility, or impose civil penalties. as a result, if an incident were to occur at any nuclear generating unit, whether an entergy nuclear generating unit or not, it could materially affect the financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity of entergy, certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, or entergy wholesale commodities.
certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and entergy wholesale commodities are exposed to risks and costs related to operating and maintaining their nuclear power plants, and their failure to maintain operational efficiency at their nuclear power plants could materially affect entergy's and their results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
the nuclear generating units owned by certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business began commercial operations in the 1970s-1980s. older equipment may require more capital expenditures to keep each of these nuclear power plants operating safely and efficiently. this equipment is also likely to require periodic upgrading and improvement. any unexpected failure, including failure associated with breakdowns, forced outages, or any unanticipated capital expenditures, could result in increased costs, some of which costs may not be fully recoverable by the utility operating companies and system energy in regulatory proceedings should there be a determination of imprudence. operations at any of the nuclear generating units owned and operated by entergy's subsidiaries could degrade to the point where the affected unit needs to be shut down or operated at less than full capacity. if this were to happen, identifying and correcting the causes may require significant time and expense. a decision may be made to close a unit rather than incur the expense of restarting it or returning the unit to full capacity. for the utility operating companies and system energy, this could result in certain costs being stranded and potentially not fully recoverable in regulatory proceedings. for entergy wholesale commodities, this could result in lost revenue and increased fuel and purchased power expense to meet supply commitments and penalties for failure to perform under their contracts with customers. in addition, the operation and maintenance of entergy's nuclear facilities require the commitment of substantial human resources that can result in increased costs.
the nuclear industry continues to address susceptibility to the effects of stress corrosion cracking and other corrosion mechanisms on certain materials within plant systems. the issue is applicable at all nuclear units to varying degrees and is managed in accordance with industry standard practices and guidelines that include in-
service examinations, replacements, and mitigation strategies. developments in the industry or identification of issues at the nuclear units could require unanticipated remediation efforts that cannot be quantified in advance.
moreover, entergy is becoming more dependent on fewer suppliers for key parts of entergy's nuclear power plants that may need to be replaced or refurbished, and in some cases, parts are no longer available and have to be reverse-engineered for replacement. in addition, certain major parts have long lead-times to manufacture if an unplanned replacement is needed. this dependence on a reduced number of suppliers and long lead-times on certain major parts for unplanned replacements could result in delays in obtaining qualified replacement parts and, therefore, greater expense for entergy.
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy the costs associated with the storage of the spent nuclear fuel of certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and the owners of the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants, as well as the costs of and their ability to fully decommission their nuclear power plants, could be significantly affected by the timing of the opening of a spent nuclear fuel disposal facility, as well as interim storage and transportation requirements.
certain of the utility operating companies, system energy and the owners of the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear plants incur costs for the on-site storage of spent nuclear fuel. the approval of a license for a national repository for the disposal of spent nuclear fuel, such as the one proposed for yucca mountain, nevada, or any interim storage facility, and the timing of such facility opening, will significantly affect the costs associated with on-site storage of spent nuclear fuel. for example, while the doe is required by law to proceed with the licensing of yucca mountain and, after the license is granted by the nrc, to construct the repository and commence the receipt of spent fuel, the nrc licensing of the yucca mountain repository is effectively at a standstill. these actions are prolonging the time before spent fuel is removed from entergy's plant sites. because the doe has not accomplished its objectives, it is in non-compliance with the nuclear waste policy act of 1982 and has breached its spent fuel disposal contracts, and entergy has sued the doe for such breach. furthermore, entergy is uncertain as to when the doe will commence acceptance of spent fuel from its facilities for storage or disposal. as a result, continuing future expenditures will be required to increase spent fuel storage capacity at the companies' nuclear sites and maintenance costs on existing storage facilities, including aging management of fuel storage casks, may increase. the costs of on-site storage are also affected by regulatory requirements for such storage. in addition, the availability of a repository or other off-site storage facility for spent nuclear fuel may affect the ability to fully decommission the nuclear units and the costs relating to decommissioning. for further information regarding spent fuel storage, see the "
- spent fuel disposal " section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, and system energy and note 8 to the financial statements.
certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear plant owners may be required to pay substantial retrospective premiums imposed under the price-anderson act in the event of a nuclear incident, and losses not covered by insurance could have a material effect on entergy's and their results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity.
accidents and other unforeseen problems at nuclear power plants have occurred both in the united states and elsewhere. the price-anderson act limits each reactor owner's public liability (off-site) for a single nuclear incident to the payment of retrospective premiums into a secondary insurance pool, which is referred to as secondary financial protection, up to approximately $137.6 million per reactor. with 99 reactors currently participating, this translates to a total public liability cap of approximately $14 billion per incident. the limit is subject to change to account for the effects of inflation, a change in the primary limit of insurance coverage, and changes in the number of licensed reactors. as required by the price-anderson act, the utility operating companies, system energy, and entergy wholesale commodities carry the maximum available amount of primary nuclear off-site liability insurance with american nuclear insurers, which is $450 million for each operating site. claims for any nuclear incident exceeding that amount are covered under secondary financial protection. as a result, in the event of a nuclear incident that causes damages (off-site) in excess of the primary insurance coverage, each owner of a nuclear plant reactor, including entergy's utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities plant owners, regardless of fault or proximity to the incident, will be required to pay a retrospective premium, equal to its proportionate share of the loss in excess of the primary insurance level, up to a maximum of approximately $137.6 million per reactor per incident (entergy's maximum total contingent obligation per incident is $1.238 billion). the retrospective premium payment is currently limited to approximately $21
million per year per incident per reactor until the aggregate public liability for each licensee is paid up to the
neil is a utility industry mutual insurance company, owned by its members, including the utility operating companies, system energy, and the owners of the entergy wholesale commodities plants. all member plants could be subject to an annual assessment (retrospective premium of up to 10 times current annual premium for all policies)
should the neil surplus (reserve) be significantly depleted due to insured losses. as of december 31, 2018, the maximum annual assessment amounts total $118 million for the utility plants. retrospective premium insurance
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy available through neil's reinsurance treaty can cover the potential assessments and the entergy wholesale commodities plants currently maintain the retrospective premium insurance to cover those potential assessments.
as an owner of nuclear power plants, entergy participates in industry self-insurance programs and could be liable to fund claims should a plant owned by a different company experience a major event. any resulting liability from a nuclear accident may exceed the applicable primary insurance coverage and require contribution of additional funds through the industry-wide program that could significantly affect the results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity of entergy, certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, or the entergy wholesale commodities subsidiaries.
the decommissioning trust fund assets for the nuclear power plants owned by the utility operating companies, system energy and the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear plant owners may not be adequate to meet decommissioning obligations if market performance and other changes decrease the value of assets in the decommissioning trusts, if one or more of entergy's nuclear power plants is retired earlier than the anticipated shutdown date, if the plants cost more to decommission than estimated, or if current regulatory requirements change, which then could require significant additional funding.
owners of nuclear generating plants have an obligation to decommission those plants. certain of the utility operating companies, system energy, and owners of the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants maintain decommissioning trust funds for this purpose. certain of the utility operating companies collect funds from their customers, which are deposited into the trusts covering the units operated for or on behalf of those companies.
those rate collections, as adjusted from time to time by rate regulators, are generally based upon operating license lives and trust fund balances as well as estimated trust fund earnings and decommissioning costs. assets in these trust funds are subject to market fluctuations, will yield uncertain returns that may fall below projected return rates, and may result in losses resulting from the recognition of impairments of the value of certain securities held in these trust funds.
under nrc regulations, nuclear plant owners are permitted to project the nrc-required decommissioning amount, based on an nrc formula or a site-specific estimate, and the amount that will be available in each nuclear power plant's decommissioning trusts combined with any other decommissioning financial assurances in place. the projections are made based on the operating license expiration date and the mid-point of the subsequent decommissioning process, or the anticipated actual completion of decommissioning if a site-specific estimate is used. if the projected amount of each individual plant's decommissioning trusts exceeds the nrc-required decommissioning amount, then its decommissioning obligations are considered to be funded in accordance with nrc regulations. if the projected costs do not sufficiently reflect the actual costs required to decommission these nuclear power plants, or funding is otherwise inadequate, or if the formula, formula inputs, or site-specific estimate is changed to require increased funding, additional resources or commitments would be required. furthermore, depending upon the level of funding available in the trust funds, the nrc may not permit the trust funds to be used to pay for related costs such as the management of spent nuclear fuel that are not included in the nrc's formula. the nrc may also require a plan for the provision of separate funding for spent fuel management costs. in addition to nrc requirements, there are other decommissioning-related obligations for certain of the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants, which management believes it will be able to satisfy.
further, federal or state regulatory changes, including mandated increases in decommissioning funding or changes in the methods or standards for decommissioning operations, may also increase the funding requirements of, or accelerate the timing for funding of, the obligations related to the decommissioning of the utility operating companies, system energy, or entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants or may restrict the decommissioning-related costs that can be paid from the decommissioning trusts. as a result, under any of these circumstances, entergy's results of operations, liquidity, and financial condition could be materially affected.
an early plant shutdown (either generally or relative to current expectations), poor investment results or higher than anticipated decommissioning costs (including as a result of changing regulatory requirements) could cause trust fund assets to be insufficient to meet the decommissioning obligations, with the result that the utility operating
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy companies, system energy or the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear plant owners may be required to provide significant additional funds or credit support to satisfy regulatory requirements for decommissioning, which, with respect to the utility operating companies, may not be recoverable from customers in a timely fashion or at all.
for further information regarding nuclear decommissioning costs, management's decision to exit the merchant power business, the impairment charges that resulted from such decision, and the planned sales of pilgrim and palisades
(which will include the transfer of each entity's decommissioning trust), see the "
" section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, and system energy, the " entergy wholesale commodities exit from the merchant power business " section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy corporation and subsidiaries, and notes 9 and 14 to the financial statements.
changes in nrc regulations or other binding regulatory requirements may cause increased funding requirements for nuclear plant decommissioning trusts.
nrc regulations require certain minimum financial assurance requirements for meeting obligations to decommission nuclear power plants. those financial assurance requirements may change from time to time, and certain changes may result in a material increase in the financial assurance required for decommissioning the utility operating companies', system energy's, and owners of entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants. such changes could result in the need for additional contributions to decommissioning trusts, or the posting of parent guarantees, letters of credit, or other surety mechanisms. for further information regarding nuclear decommissioning costs, see the "
" section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, and system energy and note 9 to the financial statements.
new or existing safety concerns regarding operating nuclear power plants and nuclear fuel could lead to restrictions upon the operation and decommissioning of entergy's nuclear power plants.
new and existing concerns are being expressed in public forums about the safety of nuclear generating units and nuclear fuel, in particular in the northern united states, which is where most of the current fleet of entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants is located. these concerns have led to, and may continue to lead to, various proposals to federal regulators and governing bodies in some localities where entergy's subsidiaries own nuclear generating units for legislative and regulatory changes that might lead to the shutdown of nuclear units, additional requirements or restrictions related to spent nuclear fuel on-site storage and eventual disposal, or other adverse effects on owning, operating and decommissioning nuclear generating units. entergy vigorously responds to these concerns and proposals. if any of the existing proposals, or any proposals that may arise in the future with respect to legislative and regulatory changes, become effective, they could have a material effect on entergy's results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants are exposed to price risk.
entergy and its subsidiaries do not have a regulator-authorized rate of return on their capital investments in non-
utility businesses. as a result, the sale of capacity and energy from the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants, unless otherwise contracted, is subject to the fluctuation of market power prices. in order to reduce future price risk to desired levels, entergy wholesale commodities utilizes contracts that are unit-contingent and firm ld and various products such as forward sales, options, and collars. as of december 31, 2018, entergy wholesale commodities' nuclear power generation plants had sold forward 98% in 2019, 94% in 2020, 91% in 2021, and
66% in 2022 of its generation portfolio's planned energy output, reflecting the planned shutdown or sale of the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants by mid-2022.
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy market conditions such as product cost, market liquidity, and other portfolio considerations influence the product and contractual mix. the obligations under unit-contingent agreements depend on a generating asset that is operating; if the generation asset is not operating, the seller generally is not liable for damages. for some unit-
contingent obligations, however, there is also a guarantee of availability that provides for the payment to the power purchaser of contract damages, if incurred, in the event the unit owner fails to deliver power as a result of the failure of the specified generation unit to generate power at or above a specified availability threshold. firm ld sales transactions may be exposed to substantial operational price risk, a portion of which may be capped through the use of risk management products, to the extent that the plants do not run as expected and market prices exceed contract prices.
market prices may fluctuate substantially, sometimes over relatively short periods of time, and at other times experience sustained increases or decreases. demand for electricity and its fuel stock can fluctuate dramatically, creating periods of substantial under- or over-supply. during periods of over-supply, prices might be depressed.
also, from time to time there may be political pressure, or pressure from regulatory authorities with jurisdiction over wholesale and retail energy commodity and transportation rates, to impose price limitations, credit requirements, bidding rules and other mechanisms to address volatility and other issues in these markets.
the effects of sustained low natural gas prices and power market structure challenges have resulted in lower market prices for electricity in the power regions where the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants are located. in addition, currently the market design under which the plants operate does not adequately compensate merchant nuclear plants for their environmental and fuel diversity benefits in the region. these conditions were primary factors leading to entergy's decision to shut down (or sell) entergy wholesale commodities' nuclear power plants before the end of their operating licenses (or requested operating licenses for indian point 2 and indian point 3).
the price that different counterparties offer for various products including forward sales is influenced both by market conditions as well as the contract terms such as damage provisions, credit support requirements, and the number of available counterparties interested in contracting for the desired forward period. depending on differences between market factors at the time of contracting versus current conditions, entergy wholesale commodities' contract portfolio may have average contract prices above or below current market prices, including at the expiration of the contracts, which may significantly affect entergy wholesale commodities' results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. new hedges are generally layered into on a rolling forward basis, which tends to drive hedge over-performance to market in a falling price environment, and hedge underperformance to market in a rising price environment; however, hedge timing, product choice, and hedging costs will also affect these results. see the "
market and credit risk sensitive instruments
" section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy corporation and subsidiaries. since entergy wholesale commodities has announced the closure (or sale) of its nuclear plants, entergy wholesale commodities may enter into fewer forward sales contracts for output from such plants.
among the factors that could affect market prices for electricity and fuel, all of which are beyond entergy's control to a significant degree, are:
prevailing market prices for natural gas, uranium (and its conversion, enrichment, and fabrication), coal,
•  oil, and other fuels used in electric generation plants, including associated transportation costs, and supplies of such commodities;
•  availability of competitively priced alternative energy sources and the requirements of a renewable portfolio standard;
•  changes in production and storage levels of natural gas, lignite, coal and crude oil, and refined products;
•  liquidity in the general wholesale electricity market, including the number of creditworthy counterparties available and interested in entering into forward sales agreements for entergy's full hedging term;
the actions of external parties, such as the ferc and local independent system operators and other state or
•  federal energy regulatory bodies, that may impose price limitations and other mechanisms to address some of the volatility in the energy markets;
•  electricity transmission, competing generation or fuel transportation constraints, inoperability, or inefficiencies;
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy
•  the general demand for electricity, which may be significantly affected by national and regional economic conditions;
•  weather conditions affecting demand for electricity or availability of hydroelectric power or fuel supplies;
•  the rate of growth in demand for electricity as a result of population changes, regional economic conditions, and the implementation of conservation programs or distributed generation;
•  regulatory policies of state agencies that affect the willingness of entergy wholesale commodities customers to enter into long-term contracts generally, and contracts for energy in particular;
increases in supplies due to actions of current entergy wholesale commodities competitors or new market
•  entrants, including the development of new generation facilities, expansion of existing generation facilities, the disaggregation of vertically integrated utilities, and improvements in transmission that allow additional supply to reach entergy wholesale commodities' nuclear markets;
changes in federal and state energy and environmental laws and regulations and other initiatives, such as
•  the regional greenhouse gas initiative, including but not limited to, the price impacts of proposed emission controls;
•  changes in law resulting from federal or state energy legislation or legislation subjecting energy derivatives used in hedging and risk management transactions to governmental regulation; and
•  natural disasters, terrorist actions, wars, embargoes, and other catastrophic events.
the entergy wholesale commodities business is subject to substantial governmental regulation and may be adversely affected by legislative, regulatory or market design changes, as well as liability under, or any future inability to comply with, existing or future regulations or requirements.
the entergy wholesale commodities business is subject to extensive regulation under federal, state, and local laws.
compliance with the requirements under these various regulatory regimes may cause the entergy wholesale commodities business to incur significant additional costs, and failure to comply with such requirements could result in the shutdown of the non-complying facility, the imposition of liens, fines and/or civil or criminal liability.
public utilities under the federal power act are required to obtain ferc acceptance of their rate schedules for wholesale sales of electricity. each of the owners of the entergy wholesale commodities nuclear power plants that generates electricity, as well as entergy nuclear power marketing, llc, is a "public utility" under the federal power act by virtue of making wholesale sales of electric energy and/or owning wholesale electric transmission facilities. the ferc has granted these generating and power marketing companies the authority to sell electricity at market-based rates. the ferc's orders that grant the entergy wholesale commodities' generating and power marketing companies market-based rate authority reserve the right to revoke or revise that authority if the ferc subsequently determines that the entergy wholesale commodities business can exercise market power in transmission or generation, create barriers to entry, or engage in abusive affiliate transactions. in addition, the entergy wholesale commodities' market-based sales are subject to certain market behavior rules, and if any of its generating and power marketing companies were deemed to have violated one of those rules, they would be subject to potential disgorgement of profits associated with the violation and/or suspension or revocation of their market-
based rate authority and potential penalties of up to $1 million per day per violation. if the entergy wholesale commodities' generating or power marketing companies were to lose their market-based rate authority, such companies would be required to obtain the ferc's acceptance of a cost-of-service rate schedule and could become subject to the accounting, record-keeping, and reporting requirements that are imposed on utilities with cost-based rate schedules. this could have an adverse effect on the rates the entergy wholesale commodities business charges for power from its facilities.
the entergy wholesale commodities business is also affected by legislative and regulatory changes, as well as changes to market design, market rules, tariffs, cost allocations, and bidding rules imposed by the existing independent system operators. the independent system operators that oversee most of the wholesale power markets may impose, and in the future may continue to impose, mitigation, including price limitations, offer caps and other mechanisms, to address some of the volatility and the potential exercise of market power in these markets. these types of price limitations and other regulatory mechanisms may have an adverse effect on the profitability of the entergy wholesale
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy commodities business' generation facilities that sell energy and capacity into the wholesale power markets.
further, the new york independent system operator could determine that the timing of the shutdown of the indian point units could be inconsistent with its market power rules, and impose certain penalties that could affect entergy wholesale commodities. for further information regarding federal, state and local laws and regulation applicable to the entergy wholesale commodities business, see the "
regulation of entergy's business
the regulatory environment applicable to the electric power industry is subject to changes as a result of restructuring initiatives at both the state and federal levels. entergy cannot predict the future design of the wholesale power markets or the ultimate effect that the changing regulatory environment will have on the entergy wholesale commodities business. in addition, in some of these markets, interested parties have proposed material market design changes, including the elimination of a single clearing price mechanism, have raised claims that the competitive marketplace is not working because energy prices in wholesale markets exceed the marginal cost of operating nuclear power plants, and have made proposals to re-regulate the markets, impose a generation tax, or require divestitures by generating companies to reduce their market share. other proposals to re-regulate may be made and legislative or other attention to the electric power market restructuring process may delay or reverse the deregulation process, which could require material changes to business planning models. if competitive restructuring of the electric power markets is reversed, modified, discontinued, or delayed, the entergy wholesale commodities business' results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity could be materially affected.
the power plants owned by the entergy wholesale commodities business are subject to impairment charges in certain circumstances, which could have a material effect on entergy's results of operations, financial condition or liquidity.
entergy reviews long-lived assets held in all of its business segments whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that recoverability of these assets is uncertain. generally, the determination of recoverability is based on the undiscounted net cash flows expected to result from the operations of such assets. projected net cash flows depend on the expected operating life of the assets, the future operating costs associated with the assets, the efficiency and availability of the assets and generating units, and the future market and price for energy and capacity over the remaining life of the assets. in particular, the assets of the entergy wholesale commodities business are subject to further impairment in connection with the closure or sale of its nuclear power plants.
moreover, prior to the closure or sale of these plants, the failure of the entergy wholesale commodities business to achieve forecasted operating results and cash flows, an unfavorable change in forecasted operating results or cash flows, a reduction in the expected remaining useful life of a unit, or a decline in observable industry market multiples could all result in potential additional impairment charges for the affected assets.
if entergy concludes that any of its nuclear power plants is unlikely to operate through its planned shutdown date, which conclusion would be based on a variety of factors, such a conclusion could result in a further impairment of part or all of the carrying value of the plant. any impairment charge taken by entergy with respect to its long-
lived assets, including the power plants owned by the entergy wholesale commodities business, would likely be material in the quarter that the charge is taken and could otherwise have a material effect on entergy's results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. for further information regarding evaluating long-lived assets for impairment, see the "
- impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments " section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy corporation and subsidiaries and for further discussion of the impairment charges, see note 14
to the financial statements.
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy general business
entergy and the utility operating companies depend on access to the capital markets and, at times, may face potential liquidity constraints, which could make it more difficult to handle future contingencies such as natural disasters or substantial increases in gas and fuel prices. disruptions in the capital and credit markets may adversely affect entergy's and its subsidiaries' ability to meet liquidity needs, access capital and operate and grow their businesses, and the cost of capital.
entergy's business is capital intensive and dependent upon its ability to access capital at reasonable rates and other terms. at times there are also spikes in the price for natural gas and other commodities that increase the liquidity requirements of the utility operating companies and entergy wholesale commodities. in addition, entergy's and the utility operating companies' liquidity needs could significantly increase in the event of a hurricane or other weather-related or unforeseen disaster similar to that experienced in entergy's service territory with hurricane katrina and hurricane rita in 2005, hurricane gustav and hurricane ike in 2008, and hurricane isaac in
2012. the occurrence of one or more contingencies, including a delay in regulatory recovery of fuel or purchased power costs or storm restoration costs, higher than expected pension contributions, an acceleration of payments or decreased credit lines, less cash flow from operations than expected, changes in regulation or governmental policy
(including tax and trade policy), or other unknown events, could cause the financing needs of entergy and its subsidiaries to increase. in addition, accessing the debt capital markets more frequently in these situations may result in an increase in leverage. material leverage increases could negatively affect the credit ratings of entergy and the utility operating companies, which in turn could negatively affect access to the capital markets.
the inability to raise capital on favorable terms, particularly during times of uncertainty in the capital markets, could negatively affect entergy and its subsidiaries' ability to maintain and to expand their businesses. events beyond entergy's control may create uncertainty that could increase its cost of capital or impair its ability to access the capital markets, including the ability to draw on its bank credit facilities. entergy and its subsidiaries are unable to predict the degree of success they will have in renewing or replacing their credit facilities as they come up for renewal. moreover, the size, terms, and covenants of any new credit facilities may not be comparable to, and may be more restrictive than, existing facilities. if entergy and its subsidiaries are unable to access the credit and capital markets on terms that are reasonable, they may have to delay raising capital, issue shorter-term securities and/or bear an unfavorable cost of capital, which, in turn, could impact their ability to grow their businesses, decrease earnings, significantly reduce financial flexibility and/or limit entergy corporation's ability to sustain its current common stock dividend level.
(entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy)
ability to access capital and/or could require entergy corporation or its subsidiaries to post collateral, accelerate certain payments, or repay certain indebtedness.
there are a number of factors that rating agencies evaluate to arrive at credit ratings for each of entergy corporation and the registrant subsidiaries, including each registrant's regulatory framework, ability to recover costs and earn returns, diversification and financial strength and liquidity. if one or more rating agencies downgrade entergy corporation's, any of the utility operating companies', or system energy's ratings, particularly below investment grade, borrowing costs would increase, the potential pool of investors and funding sources would likely decrease, and cash or letter of credit collateral demands may be triggered by the terms of a number of commodity contracts, leases, and other agreements.
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy most of entergy corporation's and its subsidiaries' large customers, suppliers, and counterparties require sufficient creditworthiness to enter into transactions. if entergy corporation's or its subsidiaries' ratings decline, particularly below investment grade, or if certain counterparties believe entergy corporation or the utility operating companies are losing creditworthiness and demand adequate assurance under fuel, gas, and purchased power contracts, the counterparties may require posting of collateral in cash or letters of credit, prepayment for fuel, gas or purchased power or accelerated payment, or counterparties may decline business with entergy corporation or its subsidiaries. at december 31, 2018, based on power prices at that time, entergy had liquidity exposure of $126 million under the guarantees in place supporting entergy wholesale commodities transactions and $52 million of posted cash collateral. in the event of a decrease in entergy corporation's credit rating to below investment grade, based on power prices as of december 31, 2018, entergy would have been required to provide approximately $69 million of additional cash or letters of credit under some of the agreements. as of december 31, 2018, the liquidity exposure associated with entergy wholesale commodities assurance requirements, including return of previously posted collateral from counterparties, would increase by $310 million for a $1 per mmbtu increase in gas prices in both the short- and long-term markets.
recent u.s. tax legislation may materially adversely affect entergy's financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
the recently enacted tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 significantly changed the u.s. internal revenue code, including taxation of u.s. corporations, by, among other things, reducing the federal corporate income tax rate, limiting interest deductions, and altering the expensing of capital expenditures. the legislation and interpretive guidance from the irs are unclear in certain respects and will require further interpretations and implementing regulations by the irs, as well as state tax authorities, and the legislation could be subject to potential amendments and technical corrections, any of which could lessen or increase certain impacts of the legislation.
as further described in note 3 to the financial statements, entergy recorded a reduction of certain of its net deferred income tax assets (including the value of its net operating loss carryforwards) and regulatory liabilities, resulting in a charge against earnings in the fourth quarter 2017 of $526 million, including a $34
million net-of-tax reduction of regulatory liabilities, and entergy and the utility operating companies recorded a reduction of approximately $3.7 billion on a consolidated basis in certain of its net deferred tax liabilities and a corresponding increase in net regulatory liabilities. as a result of amortization of accumulated deferred income taxes and payment of such amounts to customers in 2018, entergy's net regulatory liability for income taxes balance is $2.1 billion as of december 31, 2018. depending on the outcome of irs examinations or tax positions and elections that entergy may make, entergy and the registrant subsidiaries may be required to record additional charges or credits to income tax expense. further, there may be other material effects resulting from the legislation that have not been identified.
entergy believes that interpretations and implementing regulations by the irs, as well as potential amendments and technical corrections, could result in lessening the impacts of certain aspects of this legislation. if entergy is unable to successfully pursue avenues to manage the effects of the new tax legislation, or if additional interpretations, regulations, amendments, or technical corrections exacerbate the effects of the legislation, the legislation could have a material effect on entergy's results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.
for further information regarding the effects of the act, see the "
" section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy. also, note 3 to the financial statements contains additional discussion of the effect of the act on 2017 and 2018 results of operations and financial position, the provisions of the act, and the uncertainties associated with accounting for the act, and note 2 to the financial statements discusses the regulatory proceedings that have considered the effects of the act.
changes in taxation as well as the inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions could negatively impact entergy's, the utility operating companies', and system energy's results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy entergy and its subsidiaries make judgments regarding the potential tax effects of various transactions and results of operations to estimate their obligations to taxing authorities. these tax obligations include income, franchise, real estate, sales and use, and employment-related taxes. these judgments include provisions for potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have been taken. entergy and its subsidiaries also estimate their ability to utilize tax benefits, including those in the form of carryforwards for which the benefits have already been reflected in the financial statements. changes in federal, state, or local tax laws, adverse tax audit results or adverse tax rulings on positions taken by entergy and its subsidiaries could negatively affect entergy's, the utility operating companies', and system energy's results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. for further information regarding entergy's income taxes, see note 3 to the financial statements.
entergy and its subsidiaries' ability to successfully complete strategic transactions, including merger, acquisition, divestiture, joint venture, restructuring or other strategic transactions, is subject to significant risks, including the risk that required regulatory or governmental approvals may not be obtained, risks relating to unknown or undisclosed problems or liabilities, and the risk that for these or other reasons, entergy and its subsidiaries may be unable to achieve some or all of the benefits that they anticipate from such transactions.
from time to time, entergy and its subsidiaries have pursued and may continue to pursue strategic transactions including merger, acquisition, divestiture, joint venture, restructuring or other strategic transactions. for example, entergy announced that on july 30, 2018, it entered into purchase and sale agreements with holtec international to sell to a holtec subsidiary (i) 100% of the equity interests in entergy nuclear generation company, the owner of the pilgrim nuclear power station, and (ii) 100% of the equity interests in entergy nuclear palisades, llc, the owner of the palisades nuclear power plant and the big rock point site. in addition, as part of entergy's plan to exit the merchant power business, it plans to shut down its remaining merchant nuclear power plants by mid-2022. last, as further described in the " capital expenditure plans and other uses of capital "
section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy, a significant portion of entergy's utility business over the next several years includes the construction and /or purchase of a variety of generating units.
these transactions and plans are or may become subject to regulatory approval and other material conditions or contingencies. the failure to complete these transactions or plans or any future strategic transaction successfully or on a timely basis could have an adverse effect on entergy's financial condition, results of operations and the market's perception of entergy's ability to execute its strategy. further, these transactions, and any completed or future strategic transactions, involve substantial risks, including the following:
the disposition of a business or asset may involve continued financial involvement in the divested business,
•  such as through continuing equity ownership, transition service agreements, guarantees, indemnities, or other current or contingent financial obligations;
entergy may encounter difficulty in finding buyers or executing alternative exit strategies on acceptable terms in a timely manner when it decides to sell an asset or a business, which could delay the
•  accomplishment of its strategic objectives. alternatively, entergy may dispose of a business or asset at a price or on terms that are less than what it had anticipated, or with the exclusion of assets that must be divested or run off separately;
•  the disposition of a business could result in impairments and related write-offs of the carrying values of the relevant assets;
•  acquired businesses or assets may not produce revenues, earnings or cash flow at anticipated levels;
•  acquired businesses or assets could have environmental, permitting or other problems for which contractual protections prove inadequate;
•  the disposition of a business, including entergy's planned exit from the merchant power business, could divert management's attention from other business concerns;
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy to them, or entergy or its subsidiaries otherwise may be unable to achieve anticipated regulatory treatment of any such transaction or acquired business or assets; and
•  entergy or its subsidiaries otherwise may be unable to achieve the full strategic and financial benefits that they anticipate from the transaction, or such benefits may be delayed or may not occur at all.
entergy may not be successful in managing these or any other significant risks that it may encounter in acquiring or divesting a business, or engaging in other strategic transactions, which could have a material effect on its business.
the construction of, and capital improvements to, power generation facilities involve substantial risks. should construction or capital improvement efforts be unsuccessful, the financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity of entergy and the utility operating companies could be materially affected.
entergy's and the utility operating companies' ability to complete construction of power generation facilities, or make other capital improvements, in a timely manner and within budget is contingent upon many variables and subject to substantial risks. these variables include, but are not limited to, project management expertise and escalating costs for materials, labor, and environmental compliance. delays in obtaining permits, shortages in materials and qualified labor, suppliers and contractors not performing as required under their contracts, changes in the scope and timing of projects, poor quality initial cost estimates from contractors, the inability to raise capital on favorable terms, changes in commodity prices affecting revenue, fuel costs, or materials costs, downward changes in the economy, changes in law or regulation, including environmental compliance requirements, and other events beyond the control of the utility operating companies or the entergy wholesale commodities business may occur that may materially affect the schedule, cost, and performance of these projects. if these projects or other capital improvements are significantly delayed or become subject to cost overruns or cancellation, entergy and the utility operating companies could incur additional costs and termination payments, or face increased risk of potential write-off of the investment in the project. in addition, the utility operating companies could be exposed to higher costs and market volatility, which could affect cash flow and cost recovery, should their respective regulators decline to approve the construction of new generation needed to meet the reliability needs of customers at the lowest reasonable cost.
for further information regarding capital expenditure plans and other uses of capital in connection with the potential construction and/or purchase of additional generation supply sources within the utility operating companies' service territory, and as to the entergy wholesale commodities business, see the " capital expenditure plans and other uses of capital " section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy and each of the registrant subsidiaries.
the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business may incur substantial costs to fulfill their obligations related to environmental and other matters.
the businesses in which the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business operate are subject to extensive environmental regulation by local, state, and federal authorities. these laws and regulations affect the manner in which the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business conduct their operations and make capital expenditures. these laws and regulations also affect how the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business manage air emissions, discharges to water, wetlands impacts, solid and hazardous waste storage and disposal, cooling and service water intake, the protection of threatened and endangered species, certain migratory birds and eagles, hazardous materials transportation, and similar matters. federal, state, and local authorities continually revise these laws and regulations, and the laws and regulations are subject to judicial interpretation and to the permitting and enforcement discretion vested in the implementing agencies. developing and implementing plans for facility compliance with these requirements can lead to capital, personnel, and operation and maintenance expenditures. violations of these requirements can subject the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business to enforcement actions, capital expenditures to bring existing facilities into compliance, additional operating costs or operating restrictions to achieve compliance, remediation and clean-
up costs, civil penalties, and exposure to third parties' claims for alleged health or property damages or for violations of applicable
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy permits or standards. in addition, the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business potentially are subject to liability under these laws for the costs of remediation of environmental contamination of property now or formerly owned or operated by the utility operating companies, system energy, and entergy wholesale commodities and of property contaminated by hazardous substances they generate. the utility operating companies are currently involved in proceedings relating to sites where hazardous substances have been released and may be subject to additional proceedings in the future. the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business have incurred and expect to incur significant costs related to environmental compliance.
emissions of nitrogen and sulfur oxides, mercury, particulates, greenhouse gases, and other regulated air emissions from generating plants are potentially subject to increased regulation, controls and mitigation expenses. in addition, existing air regulations and programs promulgated by the epa often are challenged legally, or are revised or withdrawn by the epa, sometimes resulting in large-scale changes to anticipated regulatory regimes and the resulting need to shift course, both operationally and economically, depending on the nature of the changes. risks relating to global climate change, initiatives to compel greenhouse gas emission reductions, and water availability issues are discussed below.
entergy and its subsidiaries may not be able to obtain or maintain all required environmental regulatory approvals.
if there is a delay in obtaining any required environmental regulatory approvals, or if entergy and its subsidiaries fail to obtain, maintain, or comply with any such approval, the operation of its facilities could be stopped or become subject to additional costs. for further information regarding environmental regulation and environmental matters, see the "
regulation of entergy
s business
- environmental regulation
" section of part i, item 1.
the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business may incur substantial costs related to reliability standards.
entergy's business is subject to extensive and mandatory reliability standards. such standards, which are established by the north american electric reliability corporation (nerc), the serc reliability corporation (serc), and other regional enforcement entities, are approved by the ferc and frequently are reviewed, amended, and supplemented. failure to comply with such standards could result in the imposition of fines or civil penalties, and potential exposure to third party claims for alleged violations of such standards. the standards, as well as the laws and regulations that govern them, are subject to judicial interpretation and to the enforcement discretion vested in the implementing agencies. in addition to exposure to civil penalties and fines, the utility operating companies have incurred and expect to incur significant costs related to compliance with new and existing reliability standards, including costs associated with the utility operating companies' transmission system and generation assets. in addition, the retail regulators of the utility operating companies may seek to impose standards governing the reliable operation of the utility operating companies' distribution systems, including penalties if these standards are not met. the changes to the reliability standards applicable to the electric power industry are ongoing, and entergy cannot predict the ultimate effect that the reliability standards will have on its utility and entergy wholesale commodities businesses.
weather, economic conditions, technological developments, and other factors may have a material impact on electricity and gas usage and otherwise materially affect the utility operating companies
results of operations.
temperatures above normal levels in the summer tend to increase electric cooling demand and revenues, and temperatures below normal levels in the winter tend to increase electric and gas heating demand and revenues. as a corollary, moderate temperatures in either season tend to decrease usage of energy and resulting revenues. seasonal pricing differentials, coupled with higher consumption levels, typically cause the utility operating companies to report higher revenues in the third quarter of the fiscal year than in the other quarters. extreme weather conditions or storms, however, may stress the utility operating companies' generation facilities and transmission and distribution
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy systems, resulting in increased maintenance and capital costs (and potential increased financing needs), limits on their ability to meet peak customer demand, increased regulatory oversight, and lower customer satisfaction. these extreme conditions could have a material effect on the utility operating companies' financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
entergy's electricity sales volumes are affected by a number of factors, including economic conditions, weather, customer bill sizes (large bills tend to induce conservation), trends in energy efficiency, new technologies and self-generation alternatives, including the willingness and ability of large industrial customers to develop co-
generation facilities that greatly reduce their demand from entergy. some of these factors are inherently cyclical or temporary in nature, such as the weather or economic conditions, and rarely have a long-lasting effect on entergy's operating results. others, such as the increasing adoption of energy efficient appliances, new building codes, distributed energy resources, energy storage, demand side management and new technologies such as rooftop solar are having a more permanent effect of reducing sales growth rates from historical norms. as a result of these emerging efficiencies and technologies, the utility operating companies may lose customers or experience lower usage per customer in the residential and commercial classes, and further advances have the potential to limit sales growth in the future. the utility operating companies also may face competition from other companies offering products and services to entergy's customers based on new or emerging technologies. in addition, electricity sales to industrial customers, in particular, benefit from steady economic growth and favorable commodity prices;
however, they are sensitive to changes in conditions in the markets in which its customers operate. any negative change in any of these or other factors has the potential to result in slower sales growth or sales declines and increased bad debt expense, which could materially affect entergy's and the utility operating companies' results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
the effects of climate change and environmental and regulatory obligations intended to compel greenhouse gas emission reductions or increase renewable energy requirements or to place a price on greenhouse gas emissions could materially affect the financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity of entergy, the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business.
in an effort to address climate change concerns, some federal, state, and local authorities are calling for additional laws and regulations aimed at known or suspected causes of climate change. for example, in response to the united states supreme court's 2007 decision holding that the epa has authority to regulate emissions of co 2
and other "greenhouse gases" under the clean air act, the epa, various environmental interest groups, and other organizations focused considerable attention on co 2 emissions from power generation facilities and their potential role in climate change. in 2010, the epa promulgated its first regulations controlling greenhouse gas emissions from certain vehicles and from new and significantly modified stationary sources of emissions, including electric generating units. during 2012 and 2014, the epa proposed co 2 emission standards for new and existing sources. the epa finalized these standards in 2015; however, in subsequent years the epa has proposed to repeal and replace certain of those regulations. as examples of state action, in the northeast, the regional greenhouse gas initiative establishes a cap on co 2 emissions from electric power plants and requires generators to purchase emission permits to cover their co 2 emissions, and a similar program has been developed in california. the impact that continued changes in the governmental response to climate change risk will have on existing and pending environmental laws and regulations related to greenhouse gas emissions is currently unclear.
developing and implementing plans for compliance with greenhouse gas emissions reduction or renewable energy requirements can lead to additional capital, personnel, and operation and maintenance expenditures and could significantly affect the economic position of existing facilities and proposed projects; moreover, long-term planning to meet environmental requirements can be negatively impacted and costs may increase to the extent laws and regulations change prior to full implementation. these requirements could, in turn, lead to changes in the planning or operations of balancing authorities or organized markets in areas where the utility operating companies, system energy, or entergy wholesale commodities do business. violations of such requirements may subject entergy wholesale commodities and the utility operating companies to enforcement actions, capital expenditures to bring existing facilities into compliance, additional operating costs or operating restrictions to achieve compliance, civil penalties, and exposure to third parties' claims for alleged health or property damages or for violations of applicable permits or standards. to
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy the extent entergy believes any of these costs are recoverable in rates, however, additional material rate increases for customers could be resisted by entergy's regulators and, in extreme cases, entergy's regulators might deny or defer timely recovery of these costs. future changes in environmental regulation governing the emission of co 2 and other greenhouse gases or mix of generation sources could make some of entergy's electric generating units uneconomical to maintain or operate, and could increase the difficulty that entergy and its subsidiaries have with obtaining or maintaining required environmental regulatory approvals, which could also materially affect the financial condition, results of operations and liquidity of entergy and its subsidiaries. in addition, lawsuits have occurred or are reasonably expected against emitters of greenhouse gases alleging that these companies are liable for personal injuries and property damage caused by climate change. these lawsuits may seek injunctive relief, monetary compensation, and punitive damages.
in addition to the regulatory and financial risks associated with climate change discussed above, potential physical risks from climate change include an increase in sea level, wind and storm surge damages, wildfires, wetland and barrier island erosion, risks of flooding and changes in weather conditions, (such as increases in precipitation, drought, or changes in average temperatures), and potential increased impacts of extreme weather conditions or storms. entergy subsidiaries own assets in, and serve, communities that are at risk from sea level rise, changes in weather conditions, storms, and loss of the protection offered by coastal wetlands. a significant portion of the nation's oil and gas infrastructure is located in these areas and susceptible to storm damage that could be aggravated by the physical impacts of climate change, which could give rise to fuel supply interruptions and price spikes. entergy and its subsidiaries also face the risk that climate change could impact the availability and quality of water supply necessary for operations.
these and other physical changes could result in changes in customer demand, increased costs associated with repairing and maintaining generation facilities and transmission and distribution systems resulting in increased maintenance and capital costs (and potential increased financing needs), limits on the entergy system's ability to meet peak customer demand, more frequent and longer lasting outages, increased regulatory oversight, and lower customer satisfaction. also, to the extent that climate change adversely impacts the economic health of a region or results in energy conservation or demand side management programs, it may adversely impact customer demand and revenues. such physical or operational risks could have a material effect on entergy's, entergy wholesale commodities', system energy's, and the utility operating companies' financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
continued and future availability and quality of water for cooling, process, and sanitary uses could materially affect the financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity of the utility operating companies, system energy, and the entergy wholesale commodities business.
water is a vital natural resource that is also critical to the utility operating companies', system energy's, and entergy wholesale commodities' business operations. entergy's facilities use water for cooling, boiler make-up, sanitary uses, potable supply, and many other uses. entergy's utility operating companies also own and/or operate hydroelectric facilities. accordingly, water availability and quality are critical to entergy's business operations. impacts to water availability or quality could negatively impact both operations and revenues.
entergy secures water through various mechanisms (ground water wells, surface waters intakes, municipal supply, etc.) and operates under the provisions and conditions set forth by the provider and/or regulatory authorities.
entergy also obtains and operates in substantial compliance with water discharge permits issued under various provisions of the clean water act and/or state water pollution control provisions. regulations and authorizations for both water intake and use and for waste discharge can become more stringent in times of water shortages, low flows in rivers, low lake levels, low groundwater aquifer volumes, and similar conditions. the increased use of water by industry, agriculture, and the population at large, population growth, and the potential impacts of climate change on water resources may cause water use restrictions that affect entergy and its subsidiaries.
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy entergy and its subsidiaries may not be adequately hedged against changes in commodity prices, which could materially affect entergy's and its subsidiaries' results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
to manage near-term financial exposure related to commodity price fluctuations, entergy and its subsidiaries, including the utility operating companies and the entergy wholesale commodities business, may enter into contracts to hedge portions of their purchase and sale commitments, fuel requirements, and inventories of natural gas, uranium and its conversion and enrichment, coal, refined products, and other commodities, within established risk management guidelines. as part of this strategy, entergy and its subsidiaries may utilize fixed- and variable-price forward physical purchase and sales contracts, futures, financial swaps, and option contracts traded in the over-
the-counter markets or on exchanges. however, entergy and its subsidiaries normally cover only a portion of the exposure of their assets and positions to market price volatility, and the coverage will vary over time. in addition, entergy also elects to leave certain volumes during certain years unhedged. to the extent entergy and its subsidiaries have unhedged positions, fluctuating commodity prices can materially affect entergy's and its subsidiaries' results of operations and financial position.
although entergy and its subsidiaries devote a considerable effort to these risk management strategies, they cannot eliminate all the risks associated with these activities. as a result of these and other factors, entergy and its subsidiaries cannot predict with precision the impact that risk management decisions may have on their business, results of operations, or financial position.
entergy's over-the-counter financial derivatives are subject to rules implementing the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act that are designed to promote transparency, mitigate systemic risk and protect against market abuse. entergy cannot predict the impact any proposed or not fully-implemented final rules will have on its ability to hedge its commodity price risk or on over-the-counter derivatives markets as a whole, but such rules and regulations could have a material effect on entergy's risk exposure, as well as reduce market liquidity and further increase the cost of hedging activities.
entergy has guaranteed or indemnified the performance of a portion of the obligations relating to hedging and risk management activities. reductions in entergy's or its subsidiaries' credit quality or changes in the market prices of energy commodities could increase the cash or letter of credit collateral required to be posted in connection with hedging and risk management activities, which could materially affect entergy's or its subsidiaries' liquidity and financial position.
the utility operating companies and the entergy wholesale commodities business are exposed to the risk that counterparties may not meet their obligations, which may materially affect the utility operating companies and entergy wholesale commodities.
the hedging and risk management practices of the utility operating companies and the entergy wholesale commodities business are exposed to the risk that counterparties that owe entergy and its subsidiaries money, energy, or other commodities will not perform their obligations. currently, some hedging agreements contain provisions that require the counterparties to provide credit support to secure all or part of their obligations to entergy or its subsidiaries. if the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, entergy or its subsidiaries may enforce and recover the proceeds from the credit support provided and acquire alternative hedging arrangements, which credit support may not always be adequate to cover the related obligations. in such event, entergy and its subsidiaries might incur losses in addition to amounts, if any, already paid to the counterparties. in addition, the credit commitments of entergy's lenders under its bank facilities may not be honored for a variety of reasons, including unexpected periods of financial distress affecting such lenders, which could materially affect the adequacy of its liquidity sources.
market performance and other changes may decrease the value of benefit plan assets, which then could require additional funding and result in increased benefit plan costs.
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy the performance of the capital markets affects the values of the assets held in trust under entergy's pension and postretirement benefit plans. a decline in the market value of the assets may increase the funding requirements relating to entergy's benefit plan liabilities and also result in higher benefit costs. as the value of the assets decreases, the "expected return on assets" component of benefit costs decreases, resulting in higher benefits costs. additionally, asset losses are incorporated into benefit costs over time, thus increasing benefits costs.
volatility in the capital markets has affected the market value of these assets, which may affect entergy's planned levels of contributions in the future. additionally, changes in interest rates affect the liabilities under entergy's pension and postretirement benefit plans; as interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially requiring additional funding and recognition of higher liability carrying costs. the funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension benefit plans can also increase as a result of changes in, among other factors, retirement rates, life expectancy assumptions, or federal regulations. for further information regarding entergy's pension and other postretirement benefit plans, refer to the "
- qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " section of management's financial discussion and analysis for entergy and each of its registrant subsidiaries and note 11 to the financial statements.
the litigation environment in the states in which certain entergy subsidiaries operate poses a significant risk to those businesses.
entergy and its subsidiaries are involved in the ordinary course of business in a number of lawsuits involving employment, commercial, asbestos, hazardous material and ratepayer matters, and injuries and damages issues, among other matters. the states in which the utility operating companies operate, in particular louisiana, mississippi, and texas, have proven to be unusually litigious environments. judges and juries in these states have demonstrated a willingness to grant large verdicts, including punitive damages, to plaintiffs in personal injury, property damage, and business tort cases. entergy and its subsidiaries use legal and appropriate means to contest litigation threatened or filed against them, but the litigation environment in these states poses a significant business risk.
domestic or international terrorist attacks, cyber attacks, and failures or breaches of entergy's and its subsidiaries' or their suppliers' technology systems may adversely affect entergy's results of operations.
as an operator of critical infrastructure, entergy and its subsidiaries face heightened risk of an act or threat of terrorism and cyber attacks, by domestic or foreign actors, whether as a direct act against one of entergy's generation, transmission or distribution facilities, or operations centers, or infrastructure and information technology systems used to manage, monitor, and transport power to customers and perform day-to-day business functions. in addition, entergy has increased its use of and reliance on the internet in connection with its initiatives, including smart-grid-related projects. the internet is inherently vulnerable and subject to disability or failure due to malicious activity, viruses, and other types of security events that would heighten the risk of a cyber attack. an actual act could affect entergy's ability to operate, including its ability to operate the information technology systems and network infrastructure on which it relies to conduct its business. while malware was discovered on entergy's business network in 2018, and was remediated on a timely basis, it did not affect entergy's operational systems, generation plants (including nuclear), or transmission and distribution networks, nor did it have a material effect on entergy's business operations. additionally, within entergy's industry, there have been attacks on energy infrastructure. although it appears that the impact of such attacks on operations has been minimal to date, there may be more attacks in the future and the impact of such attacks may be significant.
this risk may be enhanced by the efforts of cyber actors associated with governments that have carried out campaigns of cyber-enabled theft targeting global technology service providers and their customers. the utility operating companies also face heightened risk of an act or threat by cyber criminals intent on accessing personal information for the purpose of committing identity theft, taking company-sensitive data, or disrupting their ability to operate.
entergy and its subsidiaries operate in a highly regulated industry that requires the continued operation of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure in accordance with mandatory and prescriptive reliability and security standards. despite the implementation of multiple layers of security by entergy and its subsidiaries, technology systems remain vulnerable to potential existing and new threats that could lead to
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy unauthorized access to or loss of availability of critical systems essential to the reliable operation of entergy's electric system. moreover, the functionality of entergy's technology systems depends on both its and third-party systems to which entergy is connected directly or indirectly (such as systems belonging to suppliers, vendors and contractors, including cloud-service providers supporting business operations). while entergy has processes in place to assess systems of certain of these suppliers, vendors and contractors, entergy does not ultimately control the adequacy of their defenses against cyber and other attacks, but has implemented oversight measures to assess maturity and manage third-party risk. if entergy's or its subsidiaries' technology systems were compromised and unable to detect or recover in a timely fashion to a normal state of operations, entergy or its subsidiaries may be unable to perform critical business functions that are essential to the company's well-being and the health, safety, and security needs of its customers. in addition, an attack on its information technology infrastructure may result in a loss of its confidential, sensitive, and proprietary information, including personal information of its customers, employees, vendors, and others in entergy's care.
any such attacks, failures or breaches could have a material effect on entergy's and the utility operating companies' business, financial condition, results of operations or reputation. insurance may not be adequate to cover losses that might arise in connection with these events. the risk of such attacks, failures, or breaches may cause entergy and the utility operating companies to incur increased capital and operating costs to implement increased security for its power generation, transmission, and distribution assets and other facilities, such as additional physical facility security and security personnel, and for systems to protect its information technology and network infrastructure systems. such events may also expose entergy to an increased risk of litigation (and associated damages and fines).
the effect of higher purchased gas cost charges to customers taking gas service may adversely affect entergy new orleans's results of operations and liquidity.
gas rates charged to retail gas customers are comprised primarily of purchased gas cost charges, which provide no return or profit to entergy new orleans, and distribution charges, which provide a return or profit to the utility.
distribution charges are affected by the amount of gas sold to customers. purchased gas cost charges, which comprise most of a customer's bill and may be adjusted monthly, represent gas commodity costs that entergy new orleans recovers from its customers. entergy new orleans's cash flows can be affected by differences between the time period when gas is purchased and the time when ultimate recovery from customers occurs. when purchased gas cost charges increase substantially reflecting higher gas procurement costs incurred by entergy new orleans, customer usage may decrease, especially in weaker economic times, resulting in lower distribution charges for entergy new orleans, which could adversely affect results of operations.
(system energy)
system energy owns and, through an affiliate, operates a single nuclear generating facility, and it is dependent on affiliated companies for all of its revenues.
system energy's operating revenues are derived from the allocation of the capacity, energy, and related costs associated with its 90% ownership/leasehold interest in grand gulf. charges under the unit power sales agreement are paid by the utility operating companies as consideration for their respective entitlements to receive capacity and energy. the useful economic life of grand gulf is finite and is limited by the terms of its operating license, which expires in november 2044. system energy's financial condition depends both on the receipt of payments from the utility operating companies under the unit power sales agreement and on the continued commercial operation of grand gulf. the unit power sales agreement is currently the subject of several litigation proceedings at the ferc, including a challenge with respect to system energy's authorized return on equity and capital structure. see note 2
to the financial statements for further discussion of the proceedings.
table of contents part i item 1a & 1b entergy corporation, utility operating companies, and system energy for information regarding the unit power sales agreement, the sale and leaseback transactions and certain other agreements relating to the entergy system companies' support of system energy (including the capital funds agreement), see notes 8 and 10 to the financial statements and the "
- system energy and related agreements " section of part i, item 1.
as a holding company, entergy corporation depends on cash distributions from its subsidiaries to meet its debt service and other financial obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock.
entergy corporation is a holding company with no material revenue generating operations of its own or material assets other than the stock of its subsidiaries. accordingly, all of its operations are conducted by its subsidiaries. entergy corporation's ability to satisfy its financial obligations, including the payment of interest and principal on its outstanding debt, and to pay dividends on its common stock depends on the payment to it of dividends or distributions by its subsidiaries. the payments of dividends or distributions to entergy corporation by its subsidiaries in turn depend on their results of operations and cash flows and other items affecting retained earnings, and on any applicable legal, regulatory, or contractual limitations on subsidiaries' ability to pay such dividends or distributions. provisions in the articles of incorporation of certain of entergy corporation's subsidiaries restrict the payment of cash dividends to entergy corporation. for further information regarding dividend or distribution restrictions to entergy corporation, see note 7 to the financial statements.
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis internal restructuring in november 2017, entergy arkansas filed an application with the apsc seeking authorization to undertake a restructuring that would result in the transfer of substantially all of the assets and operations of entergy arkansas to a new entity, which would ultimately be owned by an existing entergy subsidiary holding company.
entergy arkansas also filed a notice with the missouri public service commission in december 2017 out of an abundance of caution, although entergy arkansas does not serve any retail customers in missouri. in april 2018 the missouri public service commission approved entergy arkansas's filing. in july 2018, entergy arkansas filed a settlement, reached by all parties in the apsc proceeding, resolving all issues. the apsc approved the settlement agreement and restructuring in august 2018. pursuant to the settlement agreement, entergy arkansas will credit retail customers $39.6 million over six years, beginning in 2019. entergy arkansas also received the required ferc and nrc approvals.
in november 2018, entergy arkansas undertook a multi-step restructuring, including the following:
•  entergy arkansas, inc. redeemed its outstanding preferred stock at the aggregate redemption price of approximately$32.7 million.
under the texas business organizations code (txboc), entergy arkansas, inc. allocated substantially all of its assets to a new subsidiary, entergy arkansas power, llc, a texas limited liability company (entergy
•  arkansas power), and entergy arkansas power assumed substantially all of the liabilities of entergy arkansas, inc., in a transaction regarded as a merger under the txboc.  entergy arkansas, inc. remained in existence and held the membership interests in entergy arkansas power.
•  (entergy utility holding company, llc, a texas limited liability company and subsidiary of entergy corporation).  as a result of the contribution, entergy arkansas power is a wholly-owned subsidiary of entergy utility holding company, llc.
in december 2018, entergy arkansas, inc. changed its name to entergy utility property, inc., and entergy arkansas power then changed its name to entergy arkansas, llc. entergy arkansas, llc holds substantially all of the assets, and assumed substantially all of the liabilities, of entergy arkansas, inc. the transaction was accounted for as a transaction between entities under common control.
results of operations net income
net income increased $112.9 million primarily due to a lower effective income tax rate and higher net revenue, each after excluding the effect of the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers which is offset in income taxes, partially offset by higher other operation and maintenance expenses, higher depreciation and amortization expenses, and lower other income.
net income decreased $27.4 million primarily due to higher nuclear refueling outage expenses, higher depreciation and amortization expenses, higher taxes other than income taxes, and higher interest expense, partially offset by higher other income.
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis net revenue
net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2)
purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory credits. following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2018 to 2017.
return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred          (367.7  )
income taxes to customers formula rate plan regulatory provision                      (35.1  )
the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers resulted from the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes through a tax adjustment rider beginning in april 2018. there is no effect on net income as the reduction in net revenue was offset by a reduction in income tax expense. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of regulatory activity regarding the tax cuts and jobs act.
the formula rate plan regulatory provision is due to a provision recorded in the fourth quarter 2018 in connection with the 2019 formula rate plan filing that will be made in july 2019 associated with 2018. the provision is the estimate of the historical year netting adjustment that will be included in the 2019 filing to reflect the change in formula rate plan revenues associated with actual 2018 results when compared to the allowed rate of return on common equity. see note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of the formula rate plan.
the retail electric price variance is primarily due to an increase in formula rate plan rates effective with the first billing cycle of january 2018 and an increase in the energy efficiency rider effective january 2018, each as approved by the apsc. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the formula rate plan filing.
the volume/weather variance is primarily due to an increase of 1,637 gwh, or 8%, in billed electricity usage, including the effect of more favorable weather on residential and commercial sales and an increase in industrial usage. the increase in industrial usage is primarily due to a new customer in the primary metals industry and an increase in demand from mid-size to small customers.
net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2)
purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges (credits). following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2017 to 2016.
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis amount
the retail electric price variance is primarily due to the implementation of formula rate plan rates effective with the first billing cycle of january 2017 and an increase in base rates effective february 24, 2016, each as approved by the apsc. a significant portion of the base rate increase was related to the purchase of power block 2 of the union power station in march 2016. the increase was partially offset by decreases in the energy efficiency rider, as approved by the apsc, effective april 2016 and january 2017. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the rate case and formula rate plan filings. see note 14 to the financial statements for further discussion of the union power station purchase.
the opportunity sales variance results from the estimated net revenue effect of the 2017 and 2016 ferc orders in the opportunity sales proceeding attributable to wholesale customers. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the opportunity sales proceeding.
the asset retirement obligation affects net revenue because entergy arkansas records a regulatory charge or credit for the difference between asset retirement obligation-related expenses and decommissioning trust fund earnings plus asset retirement obligation-related costs collected in revenue. the variance is primarily caused by a decrease in regulatory credits because of an increase in decommissioning trust fund earnings, including portfolio rebalancing for the ano 1 and ano 2 decommissioning trust funds.
the volume/weather variance is primarily due to the effect of less favorable weather on residential and commercial sales during the billed and unbilled sales periods. the decrease was partially offset by an increase of 733 gwh , or 11% , in industrial usage primarily due to a new customer in the primary metals industry.
other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to:
•  an increase of $16 million in energy efficiency costs;
•  an increase of $10.4 million in fossil-fueled generation expenses primarily due to higher long-term service agreement costs and higher labor costs in 2018 as compared to 2017;
•  an increase of $4.4 million in information technology expenses primarily due to higher labor costs and higher contract costs; and
•  an increase of $4 million as a result of the amount of transmission costs allocated by miso.
the increase was partially offset by higher nuclear insurance refunds of $6.5 million and the receipts of stator-
related settlements of $6.2 million in 2018.
depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to additions to plant in service.
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis other income decreased primarily due to changes in decommissioning trust fund investment activity, including portfolio rebalancings for the decommissioning trust funds in 2018 and 2017.
nuclear refueling outage expenses increased primarily due to the amortization of higher costs associated with the most recent outages compared to previous outages.
other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to:
the deferral in the first quarter 2016 of$7.7 millionof previously-incurred costs related to ano post-fukushima compliance and$9.9 millionof previously-incurred costs related to ano flood barrier
•  compliance, as approved by the apsc as part of the 2015 rate case settlement.  these costs are being amortized over a ten-year period beginning march 2016.  see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the rate case settlement;
•  an increase of$9.5 millionin transmission and distribution expenses primarily due to higher vegetation maintenance costs and higher labor costs, including contract labor;
•  an increase of$5.9 millionincompensation and benefits costs primarily due to higher incentive-based compensation accruals in 2017 as compared to 2016; and the effect of recording in july 2016 the final court decision in a lawsuit against the doe related to spent
•  nuclear fuel storage costs.  the damages awarded included the reimbursement of$5.5 millionof spent nuclear fuel storage costs previously recorded as other operation and maintenance expense.  see note 8 to the financial statements for further discussion of entergy arkansas's spent nuclear fuel litigation.
the increase was partially offset by:
a decrease of$16 millionin nuclear generation expenses primarily due to a decrease in regulatory compliance costs compared to the prior year, partially offset by higher nuclear labor costs, including contract labor, to position the nuclear fleet to meet its operational goals.  the decrease in regulatory compliance costs is
•  primarily related to nrc inspection activities in 2016 as a result of the nrc's march 2015 decision to move ano into the "multiple/repetitive degraded cornerstone column" of the nrc's reactor oversight process action matrix.  see note 8 to the financial statements for a discussion of the ano stator incident and subsequent nrc reviews;
•  a decrease of$11.5 millionin energy efficiency expenses primarily due to the timing of recovery from customers; and a decrease of$5.2 millionin fossil-fueled generation expenses primarily due to lower long-term service
•  agreement costs, partially offset by an overall higher scope of work including plant outages in 2017 as compared to 2016.
taxes other than income taxes increased primarily due to an increase in ad valorem taxes primarily due to higher assessments and higher millage rates and an increase in local franchise taxes primarily due to higher billing factors.
depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to additions to plant in service, including power block 2 of the union power station purchased in march 2016. see note 14 to the financial statements for further discussion of the union power station purchase.
other income increased primarily due to higher realized gains in 2017 compared to 2016 on the decommissioning trust fund investments, including portfolio rebalancings for the decommissioning trust funds.
an increase of$3.3 millionin estimated interest expense recorded in connection with the opportunity sales
•  proceeding.  see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the opportunity sales proceeding;
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis and the issuance in may 2017 of $220 million of 3.5% series first mortgage bonds and the issuance in june 2016
of $55 million of 3.5% series first mortgage bonds, partially offset by the redemption in july 2016 of $60
•  million of 6.38% series first mortgage bonds and the redemption in february 2016 of $175 million of 5.66%
series first mortgage bonds.  see note 5 to the financial statements for further discussion of long-term debt.
income taxes the effective income tax rates for 2018, 2017, and 2016 were 669.7%, 40.1%, and 39.2%, respectively. the difference in the effective income tax rate versus the federal statutory rate of 21% for 2018 was primarily due to the amortization of excess accumulated deferred income taxes. see note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rates of 21% for 2018 and 35% for 2017 and 2016 to the effective income tax rates.
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the tax cuts and jobs act, the federal income tax legislation enacted in december 2017. note 3 to the financial statements contains additional discussion of the effect of the act on 2017 and 2018 results of operations and financial position, the provisions of the act, and the uncertainties associated with accounting for the act, and note 2 to the financial statements discusses the regulatory proceedings that have considered the effects of the act.
liquidity and capital resources cash flow cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016 were as follows:
of period net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                              211,825        555,556        676,511
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at end of                  $119         $6,216        $20,509
period operating activities net cash flow provided by operating activities decreased $343.7 million in 2018 primarily due to:
•  the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers.  see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of regulatory activity regarding the tax cuts and jobs act;
payments of $135 million to the other utility operating companies as a result of a compliance filing made in
•  response to the ferc's october 2018 order in the opportunity sales proceeding.  see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the opportunity sales proceeding; and
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis income tax payments of $44.4 million in 2018 compared to income tax refunds of $8.1 million in 2017.
•  intercompany income tax allocation agreement.  the income tax payments in 2018 primarily resulted from the settlement of the 2012-2013 audit.  the income tax refunds in 2017 resulted from the utilization of entergy arkansas's net operating losses.
the decrease was partially offset by:
•  the timing of recovery of fuel and purchased power costs;
•  the effect of favorable weather on billed sales;
•  the timing of collection of receivables from customers; and a decrease of $15.6 million in pension contributions in 2018.  see "management's financial discussion and
•  analysis -critical accounting estimates" below and note 11 to the financial statements for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.
net cash flow provided by operating activities decreased $121 million in 2017 primarily due to income tax refunds of $8.1 million in 2017 compared to income tax refunds of $135.7 million in 2016. entergy arkansas had income tax refunds in 2016 and 2017 in accordance with an intercompany income tax allocation agreement. the income tax refunds in 2017 resulted from the utilization of entergy arkansas's net operating losses. the 2016 income tax refunds resulted primarily from adjustments associated with the settlement of the 2010-2011 irs audit. see note 3 to the financial statements for a discussion of the income tax audit.
•  a decrease of $62.4 million in nuclear construction expenditures primarily due to a lower scope of work performed on various nuclear projects in 2018 as compared to 2017;
a decrease of $55.8 million as a result of fluctuations in nuclear fuel activity because of variations from
•  year to year in the timing and pricing of fuel reload requirements in the utility business, material and service deliveries, and the timing of cash payments during the nuclear fuel cycle; and
•  a decrease of $23.5 million in fossil-fueled generation construction expenditures primarily due to the timing of outages and a lower scope of work performed on various projects in 2018 as compared to 2017.
net cash flow used in investing activities decreased $118.7 million in 2017 primarily due to the purchase of power block 2 of the union power station in march 2016 for approximately $237 million and a decrease of $35.5 million in transmission construction expenditures primarily due to a lower scope of work performed in 2017 as compared to
2016. see note 14 to the financial statements for further discussion of the union power station purchase.
the decrease was partially offset by:
•  an increase of$50.4 millionin nuclear construction expenditures primarily due to a higher scope of work performed on various nuclear projects in 2017 as compared to 2016;
an increase of $37.7 million as a result of fluctuations in nuclear fuel activity because of variations from
•  year to year in the timing and pricing of fuel reload requirements in the utility business, material and service deliveries, and the timing of cash payments during the nuclear fuel cycle;
•  an increase of$32.9 millionin information technology construction expenditures primarily due to increased spending on substation technology upgrades;
•  an increase of$22.3 millionin fossil-fueled generation construction expenditures primarily due to a higher scope of work performed on various projects in 2017 as compared to 2016; and
•  an increase of $11.2 million due to increased spending on advanced metering infrastructure.
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis financing activities entergy arkansas's cash provided by financing activities increased $211.3 million in 2018 primarily due to:
•  a $350 million capital contribution from entergy corporation in may 2018 in anticipation of the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers and upcoming planned capital investments;
•  the repayment, in 2017, of entergy arkansas nuclear fuel company variable interest entity's $60 million of
•  the repayment, in 2017, of $54.7 million of 1.55% pollution control revenue bonds;
•  net long-term borrowings of $34.7 million in 2018 on the entergy arkansas nuclear fuel company variable interest entity credit facility; and
•  the issuance of $250 million of 4.0% series first mortgage bonds in may 2018 as compared to the issuance of
$220 million of 3.5% series first mortgage bonds in may 2017.
the increase was partially offset by:
net repayments of short-term borrowings of $50 million on the entergy arkansas nuclear fuel company variable
•  interest entity credit facility in 2018 as compared to net short-term borrowings of $50 million on the entergy arkansas nuclear fuel company variable interest entity credit facility in 2017;
•  an increase of $76.8 million in common equity distributions paid in 2018 primarily to maintain entergy arkansas's target capital structure; and the redemption of $31 million of preferred stock in 2018 in connection with the internal restructuring.  see
•  note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the internal restructuring and note 6 to the financial statements for details of preferred stock activity.
increases in entergy arkansas's payable to the money pool are a source of cash flow, and entergy arkansas's payable to the money pool increased by $16.6 million in 2018 compared to increasing by $114.9 million in 2017. the money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the utility subsidiaries' need for external short-term borrowings.
•  a$200 millioncapital contribution received from entergy corporation in march 2016 primarily in anticipation of entergy arkansas's purchase of power block 2 of the union power station;
•  the net issuance of$119.1 millionof long-term debt in 2017 compared to the net issuance of$189.1 millionof long-term debt in 2016; and
$15 millionin common stock dividends paid in 2017 primarily to maintain entergy arkansas's target capital
•  structure.  there were no common stock dividends paid in 2016 in anticipation of the purchase of power block
2 of the union power station.
the decrease was partially offset by:
•  the redemptions of $75 million of 6.45% series preferred stock and $10 million of 6.08% series preferred stock in 2016; and
•  net short-term borrowings of$50 millionon the entergy arkansas nuclear fuel company variable interest entity credit facility in 2017 compared to net repayments of$11.7 millionin 2016.
increases in entergy arkansas's payable to the money pool are a source of cash flow, and entergy arkansas's payable to the money pool increased by $114.9 million in 2017 compared to decreasing by $1.5 million in 2016.
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis see note 5 to the financial statements for further details of long-term debt.
capital structure entergy arkansas's debt to capital ratio is shown in the following table. the decrease in the debt to capital ratio for entergy arkansas is primarily due to the $350 million capital contribution from entergy corporation in 2018.
debt to capital                                    52.0%               55.5%
effect of excluding the securitization bonds       -0.2%               -0.3%
debt to capital, excluding securitization bonds    51.8%               55.2%
effect of subtracting cash                         -%                  -%
net debt to net capital, excluding securitization  51.8%               55.2%
net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. debt consists of short-term borrowings and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion. capital consists of debt, preferred stock without sinking fund, and common equity. net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. entergy arkansas uses the debt to capital ratios excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes they provide useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy arkansas's financial condition because the securitization bonds are non-recourse to entergy arkansas, as more fully described in note 5 to the financial statements. entergy arkansas also uses the net debt to net capital ratio excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy arkansas's financial condition because net debt indicates entergy arkansas's outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand.
entergy arkansas seeks to optimize its capital structure in accordance with its regulatory requirements and to control its cost of capital while also maintaining equity capitalization at a level consistent with investment-
grade debt ratings. to the extent that operating cash flows are in excess of planned investments, cash may be used to reduce outstanding debt or may be paid as a distribution, or both, in appropriate amounts to maintain the targeted capital structure. to the extent that operating cash flows are insufficient to support planned investments, entergy arkansas may issue incremental debt or reduce distributions, or both, to maintain its targeted capital structure. in addition, in certain infrequent circumstances, such as large transactions that would materially alter the capital structure if financed entirely with debt and reducing distributions, entergy arkansas may receive equity contributions to maintain the targeted capital structure.
uses of capital entergy arkansas requires capital resources for:
•  construction and other capital investments;
•  working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel and purchased power costs; and
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis following are the amounts of entergy arkansas's planned construction and other capital investments.
-in millions planned construction and capital investment:
generation                                  $210    $220    $385
utility support                              130     100      75
following are the amounts of entergy arkansas's existing debt and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments) and other purchase obligations.
operating leases                     $20          $26          $17           $24       $87
(a)  includes estimated interest payments.  long-term debt is discussed in note 5 to the financial statements.
(b)  obligations to purchase goods or services.  for entergy arkansas, almost all of the total consists of unconditional fuel and purchased power obligations, including its obligations under the unit power sales agreement, which are discussed in note 8 to the financial statements.
in addition to the contractual obligations given above, entergy arkansas currently expects to contribute approximately $27.1 million to its qualified pension plans and approximately $501 thousand to its other postretirement health care and life insurance plans in 2019, although the 2019 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2019 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2019.
- qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " below for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.
also in addition to the contractual obligations, entergy arkansas has $124.8 million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest net of unused tax attributes for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. see note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits.
in addition to routine capital spending to maintain operations, the planned capital investment estimate for entergy arkansas includes specific investments, such as transmission projects to enhance reliability, reduce congestion, and enable economic growth; distribution spending to enhance reliability and improve service to customers, including advanced meters and related investments; resource planning, including potential generation projects;
system improvements; investments in ano 1 and 2; software and security; and other investments. estimated capital expenditures are subject to periodic review and modification and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory constraints and requirements, environmental compliance, business opportunities, market volatility, economic trends, business restructuring, changes in project plans, and the ability to access capital. management provides more information on long-term debt maturities in note 5 to the financial statements.
as a wholly-owned subsidiary of entergy utility holding company, llc, entergy arkansas pays distributions from its earnings at a percentage determined monthly.
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis advanced metering infrastructure (ami)
in september 2016, entergy arkansas filed an application seeking a finding from the apsc that entergy arkansas's deployment of ami is in the public interest. entergy arkansas proposed to replace existing meters with advanced meters that enable two-way data communication; design and build a secure and reliable network to support such communications; and implement support systems. ami is intended to serve as the foundation of entergy arkansas's modernized power grid. the filing included an estimate of implementation costs for ami of $208 million . the filing identified a number of quantified and unquantified benefits, and entergy arkansas provided a cost benefit analysis showing that its ami deployment is expected to produce a nominal net benefit to customers of $406 million . entergy arkansas also sought to continue to include in rate base the remaining book value of existing meters, which was approximately $57 million at december 31, 2015, that will be retired as part of the ami deployment and also to depreciate those assets using current depreciation rates. entergy arkansas proposed a 15-year depreciable life for the new advanced meters, the three-year deployment of which is expected to begin in 2019. deployment of the communications network began in 2018. entergy arkansas proposed to include the ami deployment costs and the quantified benefits in future formula rate plan filings, and the 2018 costs were approved in the 2017 formula rate plan filing. in june 2017 the apsc staff and arkansas attorney general filed direct testimony. the apsc staff generally supported entergy arkansas's ami deployment conditioned on various recommendations. the arkansas attorney general's consultant primarily recommended denial of entergy arkansas's application but alternatively suggested recommendations in the event the apsc approves entergy arkansas's proposal. entergy arkansas filed rebuttal testimony in june 2017, substantially accepting the apsc staff's recommendations. in august 2017, entergy arkansas and the parties to the proceeding filed a joint motion to approve a unanimous settlement agreement. in october 2017
the apsc issued an order finding that entergy arkansas's ami deployment is in the public interest and approving the settlement agreement subject to a minor modification. entergy arkansas expects to recover the undepreciated balance of its existing meters through a regulatory asset to be amortized over 15 years.
sources of capital entergy arkansas's sources to meet its capital requirements include:
•  internally generated funds;
•  capital contributions; and
•  bank financing under new or existing facilities.
entergy arkansas may refinance, redeem, or otherwise retire debt prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest rates are favorable.
all debt and common and preferred membership interest issuances by entergy arkansas require prior regulatory approval. debt issuances are also subject to issuance tests set forth in entergy arkansas's bond indentures and other agreements. entergy arkansas has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs.
entergy arkansas's payables to the money pool were as follows as of december 31 for each of the following years.
see note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool.
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis entergy arkansas has a credit facility in the amount of $150 million scheduled to expire in september 2023. entergy arkansas also has a $20 million credit facility scheduled to expire in april 2019. the $150 million credit facility includes fronting commitments for the issuance of letters of credit against $5 million of the borrowing capacity of the facility. as of december 31, 2018, there were no cash borrowings and no letters of credit outstanding under the credit facilities. in addition, entergy arkansas is a party to an uncommitted letter of credit facility as a means to post collateral to support its obligations to miso. as of december 31, 2018, a $1 million letter of credit was outstanding under entergy arkansas's uncommitted letter of credit facility. see note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of the credit facilities.
the entergy arkansas nuclear fuel company variable interest entity has a credit facility in the amount of $80
million scheduled to expire in september 2021. as of december 31, 2018, $59.6 million in loans were outstanding under the entergy arkansas nuclear fuel company variable interest entity credit facility. see note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity credit facility.
entergy arkansas obtained authorization from the ferc through november 2020 for short-term borrowings not to exceed an aggregate amount of $250 million at any time outstanding and borrowings by its nuclear fuel company variable interest entity. see note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of entergy arkansas's short-term borrowing limits. the long-term securities issuances of entergy arkansas are limited to amounts authorized by the ferc. the apsc has concurrent jurisdiction over entergy arkansas's first mortgage bond/secured issuances. entergy arkansas has obtained long-term financing authorization from the ferc that extends through november 2020. entergy arkansas has obtained first mortgage bond/secured financing authorization from the apsc that extends through december 2020.
state and local rate regulation and fuel-cost recovery retail rates
2015 base rate filing in april 2015, entergy arkansas filed with the apsc for a general change in rates, charges, and tariffs. the filing notified the apsc of entergy arkansas's intent to implement a forward test year formula rate plan pursuant to arkansas legislation passed in 2015, and requested a retail rate increase of $268.4 million , with a net increase in revenue of $167 million . the filing requested a 10.2% return on common equity. in december 2015, entergy arkansas, the apsc staff, and certain of the intervenors in the rate case filed with the apsc a joint motion for approval of a settlement of the case that proposed a retail rate increase of approximately $225 million with a net increase in revenue of approximately $133 million ; an authorized return on common equity of 9.75% ; and a formula rate plan tariff that provides a +/- 50 basis point band around the 9.75% allowed return on common equity. a significant portion of the rate increase is related to entergy arkansas's acquisition in march 2016 of union power station power block 2 for a base purchase price of $237 million . the settlement agreement also provided for amortization over a 10-year period of $7.7 million of previously-incurred costs related to ano post-fukushima compliance and $9.9 million of previously-incurred costs related to ano flood barrier compliance. in february 2016
the apsc approved the settlement with one exception that reduced the retail rate increase proposed in the settlement by $5 million . the settling parties agreed to the apsc modifications in february 2016. the new rates were effective february 24, 2016 and began billing with the first billing cycle of april 2016. in march 2016, entergy arkansas made a compliance filing regarding the new rates that included an interim base rate adjustment surcharge, effective with the first billing cycle of april 2016, to recover the incremental revenue requirement for the period february 24, 2016 through march 31, 2016. the interim base rate adjustment surcharge was designed to recover a total of $21.1 million over the nine-month period from april 2016 through december 2016.
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis
2016 formula rate plan filing in july 2016, entergy arkansas filed with the apsc its 2016 formula rate plan filing showing entergy arkansas's projected earned return on common equity for the twelve months ended december 31, 2017 test period to be below the formula rate plan bandwidth. the filing requested a $67.7 million revenue requirement increase to achieve entergy arkansas's target earned return on common equity of 9.75% . in october 2016, entergy arkansas filed with the apsc revised formula rate plan attachments with an updated request for a $54.4 million revenue requirement increase based on acceptance of certain adjustments and recommendations made by the apsc staff and other intervenors, as well as three additional adjustments identified as appropriate by entergy arkansas. in november 2016 a hearing was held and the apsc issued an order directing the parties to brief certain issues. in december 2016 the apsc approved a settlement agreement and the $54.4 million revenue requirement increase with approximately $25 million of the
$54.4 million revenue requirement subject to possible future adjustment and refund to customers with interest. the apsc requested supplemental information for some of entergy arkansas's requested nuclear expenditures. in december
2016 the apsc approved entergy arkansas's formula rate plan compliance tariff, and the rates became effective with the first billing cycle of january 2017. in april 2017, entergy arkansas filed a motion consented to by all parties requesting that it be permitted to submit the supplemental information requested by the apsc in conjunction with its 2017 formula rate plan filing, which was subsequently made in july 2017 and is discussed below. in may 2017 the apsc approved the joint motion and proposal to review entergy arkansas's supplemental information on a concurrent schedule with the 2017 formula rate plan filing. in october 2017, entergy arkansas and the parties to the proceeding filed a joint motion to approve a unanimous settlement agreement resolving all issues in the proceeding and providing for recovery of the 2017 and 2018 nuclear costs. in december 2017 the apsc approved the settlement agreement and recovery of the 2017 and 2018 nuclear costs.
2017 formula rate plan filing in july 2017, entergy arkansas filed with the apsc its 2017 formula rate plan filing showing entergy arkansas's projected earned return on common equity for the twelve months ended december 31, 2018 test period to be below the formula rate plan bandwidth. the filing projected a $129.7 million revenue requirement increase to achieve entergy arkansas's target earned return on common equity of 9.75% . entergy arkansas's formula rate plan is subject to a four percent annual revenue constraint and the projected annual revenue requirement increase exceeded the four percent, resulting in a proposed increase for the 2017 formula rate plan of $70.9 million . in october 2017, entergy arkansas filed with the apsc revised formula rate plan attachments that projected a $126.2 million revenue requirement increase based on acceptance of certain adjustments and recommendations made by the apsc staff and other intervenors. the revised formula rate plan filing included a proposed $71.1 million revenue requirement increase based on a revision to the four percent constraint calculation. in october 2017, entergy arkansas and the parties to the proceeding filed a joint motion to approve a unanimous settlement agreement resolving all issues in the proceeding and providing for recovery of the 2017 and 2018 nuclear costs. in december 2017 the apsc approved the settlement agreement and the $71.1 million revenue requirement increase, as well as entergy arkansas's formula rate plan compliance tariff, and the rates became effective with the first billing cycle of january 2018.
2018 formula rate plan filing in july 2018, entergy arkansas filed with the apsc its 2018 formula rate plan filing to set its formula rate for the 2019 calendar year. the filing shows entergy arkansas's projected earned return on common equity for the twelve months ended december 31, 2019 test period to be below the formula rate plan bandwidth. additionally, the filing includes the first netting adjustment under the current formula rate plan for the historical test year 2017, reflecting the change in formula rate plan revenues associated with actual 2017 results when compared to the allowed rate of return on equity. the filing includes a projected $73.4 million revenue deficiency for 2019 and a
$95.6 million revenue deficiency for the 2017 historical test year, for a total revenue requirement of $169 million for this filing. by operation of the formula rate plan, entergy arkansas's recovery of the revenue requirement is subject to a four percent annual revenue constraint. because entergy arkansas's revenue requirement in this filing exceeds the constraint, the resulting increase is limited to four percent of total revenue, which originally was
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis million based upon the apsc staff's updated calculation of 2018 revenue, which included additional actual revenues for 2018. in october 2018, entergy arkansas and the parties to the proceeding filed joint motions to approve a partial settlement agreement as to certain factual issues and agreed to brief contested legal issues. in november
2018 the apsc held a hearing and was briefed on a certain contested legal issue. in december 2018 the apsc issued a decision related to the initial legal brief, approved the partial settlement agreement and $66.7 million revenue requirement increase, as well as entergy arkansas's formula rate plan, with updated rates going into effect for the first billing cycle of january 2019. an additional schedule was issued by the apsc for briefing other contested issues, the outcome of which did not affect the 2018 filing but could affect future entergy arkansas formula rate plan filings. that briefing was completed in february 2019, and the apsc has not indicated when a decision on those issues can be expected.
2020 calendar year will include a netting adjustment that will compare projected costs and sales for 2018 that were approved in the 2017 formula rate plan filing to actual 2018 costs and sales data. in the fourth quarter 2018
entergy arkansas recorded a provision of $35.1 million that reflects the estimate of the historical year netting adjustment that will be included in the 2019 filing to reflect the change in formula rate plan revenues associated with actual 2018 results when compared to the allowed rate of return on equity.
production cost allocation rider the apsc approved a production cost allocation rider for recovery from customers of the retail portion of the costs allocated to entergy arkansas as a result of the system agreement proceedings, which are discussed in the "
system agreement cost equalization proceedings
" section in note 2 to the financial statements.
in may 2016, entergy arkansas filed its annual redetermination pursuant to the production cost allocation rider, which reflected recovery of the production cost allocation rider true-up adjustment of the 2014 and 2015
unrecovered retail balance in the amount of $1.9 million . additionally, the redetermined rates reflected the recovery of a $1.9 million system agreement bandwidth remedy payment resulting from a compliance filing pursuant to the ferc's december 2015 order related to test year 2009 production costs. the rates for the 2016 production cost allocation rider update were effective july 2016 through june 2017.
in may 2017, entergy arkansas filed its annual redetermination pursuant to the production cost allocation rider, which reflected a credit amount of $0.3 million resulting from a compliance filing pursuant to the ferc's september
2016 order. additionally, the redetermined rate reflected recovery of the production cost allocation rider true-up adjustment of the 2016 unrecovered retail balance in the amount of $0.3 million. because of the small effect of the
2017 production cost allocation rider update, entergy arkansas proposed to reduce the effective period of the update to one month, july 2017. after the one month collection period, rates were set to zero for all rate classes for the period august 2017 through june 2018.
in may 2018, entergy arkansas filed its annual redetermination pursuant to the production cost allocation rider, which reflected recovery of the 2017 under-recovered retail balance and a $2.8 million payment by entergy arkansas associated with a compliance filing pursuant to a march 2018 ferc order related to 2010 production costs. the rates for the 2018 production cost allocation rider update are effective july 2018 through june 2019.
energy cost recovery rider entergy arkansas's retail rates include an energy cost recovery rider to recover fuel and purchased energy costs in monthly customer bills. the rider utilizes the prior calendar-year energy costs and projected energy sales for the twelve -month period commencing on april 1 of each year to develop an energy cost rate, which is redetermined annually and includes a true-up adjustment reflecting the over- or under-recovery, including carrying charges, of the energy costs for the prior calendar year. the energy cost recovery rider tariff also allows an interim rate request depending upon the level of over- or under-recovery of fuel and purchased energy costs.
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis in january 2014, entergy arkansas filed a motion with the apsc relating to its upcoming energy cost rate redetermination filing that was made in march 2014. in that motion, entergy arkansas requested that the apsc authorize entergy arkansas to exclude from the redetermination of its 2014 energy cost rate $65.9 million of incremental fuel and replacement energy costs incurred in 2013 as a result of the ano stator incident. entergy arkansas requested that the apsc authorize entergy arkansas to retain that amount in its deferred fuel balance, with recovery to be reviewed in a later period after more information was available regarding various claims associated with the ano stator incident. in february 2014 the apsc approved entergy arkansas's request to retain that amount in its deferred fuel balance. in july 2017, entergy arkansas filed for a change in rates pursuant to its formula rate plan rider. in that proceeding, the apsc approved a settlement agreement agreed upon by the parties, including a provision that requires entergy arkansas to initiate a regulatory proceeding for the purpose of recovering funds currently withheld from rates and related to the stator incident, including the $65.9 million of deferred fuel and purchased energy costs previously noted, subject to certain timelines and conditions set forth in the settlement agreement. see the "
" section in note 8 to the financial statements for further discussion of the ano stator incident.
in march 2017, entergy arkansas filed its annual redetermination of its energy cost rate pursuant to the energy cost recovery rider, which reflected an increase in the rate from $0.01164 per kwh to $0.01547 per kwh. the apsc staff filed testimony in march 2017 recommending that the redetermined rate be implemented with the first billing cycle of april 2017 under the normal operation of the tariff. accordingly, the redetermined rate went into effect on march 31, 2017 pursuant to the tariff. in july 2017 the arkansas attorney general requested additional information to support certain of the costs included in entergy arkansas's 2017 energy cost rate redetermination.
in march 2018, entergy arkansas filed its annual redetermination of its energy cost rate pursuant to the energy cost recovery rider, which reflected an increase in the rate from $0.01547 per kwh to $0.01882 per kwh. the arkansas attorney general filed a response to entergy arkansas's annual redetermination filing requesting that the apsc suspend the proposed tariff to investigate the amount of the redetermination or, alternatively, to allow recovery subject to refund. among the reasons the attorney general cited for suspension were questions pertaining to how entergy arkansas forecasted sales and potential implications of the tax act. entergy arkansas replied to the attorney general's filing and stated that, to the extent there are questions pertaining to its load forecasting or the operation of the energy cost recovery rider, those issues exceed the scope of the instant rate redetermination.
entergy arkansas also stated that potential effects of the tax act are appropriately considered in the apsc's separate proceeding regarding potential implications of the tax law. the apsc general staff filed a reply to the attorney general's filing and agreed that entergy arkansas's filing complied with the terms of the energy cost recovery rider. the redetermined rate became effective with the first billing cycle of april 2018. subsequently in april 2018 the apsc issued an order declining to suspend entergy arkansas's energy cost recovery rider rate and declining to require further investigation at that time of the issues suggested by the attorney general in the proceeding. following a period of discovery, the attorney general filed a supplemental response in october 2018
raising new issues with entergy arkansas's march 2018 rate redetermination and asserting that $45.7 million of the increase should be collected subject to refund pending further investigation. entergy arkansas filed to dismiss the attorney general's supplemental response, the apsc general staff filed a motion to strike the attorney general's filing, and the attorney general filed a supplemental response disputing entergy arkansas and the apsc staff's filing. applicable apsc rules and processes authorize its general staff to initiate periodic audits of entergy arkansas's energy cost recovery rider. in late-2018, the apsc general staff notified entergy arkansas it has initiated an audit of the 2017 fuel costs. the time in which the audit will be complete is uncertain at this time.
opportunity sales proceeding in june 2009 the lpsc filed a complaint requesting that the ferc determine that certain of entergy arkansas's sales of electric energy to third parties: (a) violated the provisions of the system agreement that allocated the energy generated by entergy system resources; (b) imprudently denied the entergy system and its ultimate consumers the benefits of low-cost entergy system generating capacity; and (c) violated the provision of the system agreement that prohibited sales to third parties by individual companies absent an offer of a right-of-first-refusal to other utility operating companies. the lpsc's complaint challenged sales made beginning in 2002 and requested refunds. in
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis july 2009 the utility operating companies filed a response to the complaint arguing among other things that the system agreement contemplates that the utility operating companies may make sales to third parties for their own account, subject to the requirement that those sales be included in the load (or load shape) for the applicable utility operating company. the ferc subsequently ordered a hearing in the proceeding.
after a hearing, the alj issued an initial decision in december 2010. the alj found that the system agreement allowed for entergy arkansas to make the sales to third parties but concluded that the sales should be accounted for in the same manner as joint account sales. the alj concluded that "shareholders" should make refunds of the damages to the utility operating companies, along with interest. entergy disagreed with several aspects of the alj's initial decision and in january 2011 filed with the ferc exceptions to the decision.
the ferc issued a decision in june 2012 and held that, while the system agreement is ambiguous, it does provide authority for individual utility operating companies to make opportunity sales for their own account and entergy arkansas made and priced these sales in good faith. the ferc found, however, that the system agreement does not provide authority for an individual utility operating company to allocate the energy associated with such opportunity sales as part of its load but provides a different allocation authority. the ferc further found that the after-the-fact accounting methodology used to allocate the energy used to supply the sales was inconsistent with the system agreement. the ferc in its decision established further hearing procedures to quantify the effect of repricing the opportunity sales in accordance with the ferc's june 2012 decision. the hearing was held in may
2013 and the alj issued an initial decision in august 2013. the lpsc, the apsc, the city council, and ferc staff filed briefs on exceptions and/or briefs opposing exceptions. entergy filed a brief on exceptions requesting that the ferc reverse the initial decision and a brief opposing certain exceptions taken by the lpsc and ferc staff.
initial decision. the first order denied entergy's request for rehearing and affirmed the ferc's earlier rulings that entergy's original methodology for allocating energy costs to the opportunity sales was incorrect and, as a result, entergy arkansas must make payments to the other utility operating companies to put them in the same position that they would have been in absent the incorrect allocation. the ferc clarified that interest should be included with the payments. the second order affirmed in part, and reversed in part, the rulings in the alj's august 2013 initial decision regarding the methodology that should be used to calculate the payments entergy arkansas is to make to the other utility operating companies. the ferc affirmed the alj's ruling that a full re-run of intra-system bills should be performed but required that methodology be modified so that the sales have the same priority for purposes of energy allocation as joint account sales. the ferc reversed the alj's decision that any payments by entergy arkansas should be reduced by 20% . the ferc also reversed the alj's decision that adjustments to other system agreement service schedules and excess bandwidth payments should not be taken into account when calculating the payments to be made by entergy arkansas. the ferc held that such adjustments and excess bandwidth payments should be taken into account but ordered further proceedings before an alj to address whether a cap on any reduction due to bandwidth payments was necessary and to implement the other adjustments to the calculation methodology.
in may 2016, entergy services filed a request for rehearing of the ferc's april 2016 order arguing that payments made by entergy arkansas should be reduced as a result of the timing of the lpsc's approval of certain contracts.
entergy services also filed a request for clarification and/or rehearing of the ferc's april 2016 order addressing the alj's august 2013 initial decision. the apsc and the lpsc also filed requests for rehearing of the ferc's april
2016 order. in september 2017 the ferc issued an order denying the request for rehearing on the issue of whether any payments by entergy arkansas to the other utility operating companies should be reduced due to the timing of the lpsc's approval of entergy arkansas's wholesale baseload contract with entergy louisiana. in november 2017 the ferc issued an order denying all of the remaining requests for rehearing of the april 2016 order. in november 2017, entergy services filed a petition for review in the d.c. circuit of the ferc's orders in the first two phases of the opportunity sales case. in december 2017 the d.c. circuit granted entergy services's request to hold the appeal in abeyance pending final resolution of the related proceeding before the ferc. in january 2018 the apsc and the lpsc filed separate petitions for review in the d.c. circuit, and the d.c. circuit consolidated the appeals with entergy
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis services's appeal and held all of the appeals in abeyance pending final resolution of the related proceeding before the ferc.
the hearing required by the ferc's april 2016 order was held in may 2017. in july 2017 the alj issued an initial decision addressing whether a cap on any reduction due to bandwidth payments was necessary and whether to implement the other adjustments to the calculation methodology. in august 2017 the utility operating companies, the lpsc, the apsc, and ferc staff filed individual briefs on exceptions challenging various aspects of the initial decision. in september 2017 the utility operating companies, the lpsc, the apsc, the mpsc, the city council, and ferc staff filed separate briefs opposing exceptions taken by various parties.
based on testimony previously submitted in the case and its assessment of the april 2016 ferc orders, in the first quarter 2016, entergy arkansas recorded a liability of $87 million , which included interest, for its estimated increased costs and payment to the other utility operating companies, and a deferred fuel regulatory asset of $75
million . following its assessment of the course of the proceedings, including the ferc's denial of rehearing in november 2017 described above, in the fourth quarter 2017, entergy arkansas recorded an additional liability of $35
million and a regulatory asset of $31 million .
in october 2018 the ferc issued an order addressing the alj's july 2017 initial decision. the ferc reversed the alj's decision to cap the reduction in entergy arkansas's payment to account for the increased bandwidth payments that entergy arkansas made to the other operating companies. the ferc also reversed the alj's decision that grand gulf sales from january through september 2000 should be included in the calculation of entergy arkansas's payment.
the ferc affirmed on other grounds the alj's rejection of the lpsc's claim that certain joint account sales should be accounted for as part of the calculation of entergy arkansas's payment. in december 2018, entergy made a compliance filing in response to the ferc's october 2018 order. the compliance filing provided a final calculation of entergy arkansas's payments to the other utility operating companies, including interest. refunds and interest in the following amounts were paid by entergy arkansas to the other operating companies in december 2018:
entergy arkansas previously recognized a regulatory asset with a balance of $116 million as of december 31, 2018
for a portion of the payments due as a result of this proceeding.
rate, cost-recovery, and other regulation
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis and note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of federal regulation.
nuclear matters entergy arkansas owns and, through an affiliate, operates the ano 1 and ano 2 nuclear power plants. entergy arkansas is, therefore, subject to the risks related to owning and operating nuclear plants. these include risks related to: the use, storage, and handling and disposal of high-level and low-level radioactive materials; the substantial financial
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis requirements, both for capital investments and operational needs, to position entergy's nuclear fleet to meet its operational goals, including the financial requirements to address emerging issues like stress corrosion cracking of certain materials within the plant systems and the fukushima event; regulatory requirements and potential future regulatory changes, including changes affecting the regulations governing nuclear plant ownership, operations, license renewal and amendments, and decommissioning; the performance and capacity factors of these nuclear plants;
the availability of interim or permanent sites for the disposal of spent nuclear fuel and nuclear waste, including the fees charged for such disposal; the sufficiency of nuclear decommissioning trust fund assets and earnings to complete decommissioning of each site when required; and limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available for losses in connection with nuclear plant operations and catastrophic events such as a nuclear accident. in the event of an unanticipated early shutdown of either ano 1 or ano 2, entergy arkansas may be required to file with the apsc a rate mechanism to provide additional funds or credit support to satisfy regulatory requirements for decommissioning. ano 1's operating license expires in 2034 and ano 2's operating license expires in 2038.
see note 8 to the financial statements for discussion of the nrc's decision in march 2015 to move ano into the
"multiple/repetitive degraded cornerstone column," or column 4, of the nrc's reactor oversight process action matrix, and the resulting significant additional nrc inspection activities at the ano site. in june 2018 the nrc moved ano 1 and ano 2 into the "licensee response column," or column 1, of the nrc's reactor oversight process action matrix. this action followed nrc inspections to review ano 1's and ano 2's performance in addressing issues that had previously resulted in classification in the "multiple/repetitive degraded cornerstone column," or column
environmental risks entergy arkansas's facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous and solid wastes, and other environmental matters. management believes that entergy arkansas is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations, with reference to possible exceptions noted in "
regulation of entergy's business
environmental regulation
" in part i, item 1. because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of entergy arkansas's financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material effect on the presentation of entergy arkansas's financial position or results of operations.
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates inherent in accounting for nuclear decommissioning costs.
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis utility regulatory accounting see "
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of accounting for the effects of rate regulation.
impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments see " impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates associated with the impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments.
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion.
qualified pension and other postretirement benefits entergy arkansas's qualified pension and other postretirement reported costs, as described in note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. see the " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion. because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate.
costs and sensitivities the following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension cost and qualified projected benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2019 qualified      impact on 2018 qualified actuarial assumption          change in assumption                   pension cost             projected benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
rate of return on plan        -0.25%                                       $2,782                            $-
assets rate of increase in           0.25%                                        $1,338                        $6,238
compensation the following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost and accumulated postretirement benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2019       impact on 2018 accumulated actuarial assumption      change in assumption     postretirement benefit cost           postretirement benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
health care cost trend    0.25%                                           $220                           $3,805
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant.
total other postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income for entergy arkansas in 2018 was $10.2
million. entergy arkansas expects 2019 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income of approximately $12.5 million. entergy arkansas contributed $195 thousand to its other postretirement plans in 2018
federal healthcare legislation see " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits -
federal healthcare legislation
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of federal healthcare legislation.
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of the estimates associated with environmental, litigation, and other risks.
" section of note 1 to the financial statements for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements.
table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the members and board of directors of entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries opinion on the financial statements we have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries (the
"company") as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, the related consolidated statements of income, cash flows and changes in member's equity (pages 325 through 330 and applicable items in pages 53 through 237), for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2018, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). in our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the company as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2018, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america.
basis for opinion these financial statements are the responsibility of the company's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's financial statements based on our audits. we are a public accounting firm registered with the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob) and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. the company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. as part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting. accordingly, we express no such opinion.
our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries consolidated income statements for the years ended december 31,
-in thousands operating revenues electric                                                        $2,060,643       $2,139,919       $2,086,608
operating expenses operation and maintenance:
maintenance decommissioning                                                     60,420           56,860           53,610
operating income                                                    45,229          306,771          359,720
common equity see notes to financial statements.
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended december 31,
-in thousands operating activities net income                                                         $252,707         $139,844        $167,212
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:
non-current taxes accrued changes in assets and liabilities:
other working capital                                               (30,118  )        15,087         (46,490  )
liabilities deferred tax rate change recognized as                                                      -       (1,047,837  )            -
liabilities net cash flow provided by operating                                                        211,825          555,556         676,511
proceeds from sale of                                                54,810           51,029          39,313
trust fund sales investment in nuclear decommissioning                                                    (315,163  )      (352,138  )     (213,093  )
trust funds payment for purchase                                                      -                -        (237,323  )
of plant insurance proceeds                                                   14,790                -          10,404
activities financing activities proceeds from the issuance of long-term                                               958,434          294,656         817,563
debt retirement of                                                      (690,488  )      (175,560  )     (628,433  )
long-term debt capital contribution                                                350,000                -         200,000
from parent redemption of                                                       (32,660  )             -         (85,283  )
preferred stock change in money pool                                                 16,601          114,905          (1,510  )
payable - net changes in short-term                                               (49,974  )        49,974         (11,690  )
beginning of period cash and cash equivalents at end of                                                  $119           $6,216         $20,509
period supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
interest - net of                                                  $118,731         $115,162        $112,912
amount capitalized income taxes                                                        $44,393          ($8,141  )    ($135,709  )
see notes to financial statements.
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets assets december 31,
securitization recovery trust                                                        4,666             3,748
customer                                                                            94,348           110,016
other property and investments decommissioning trust funds                                                        912,049           944,890
other regulatory assets (includes securitization property of $14,329
as of                                                                            1,534,977         1,567,437
december 31, 2018 and $28,583 as of december 31, 2017)
see notes to financial statements.
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets liabilities and equity december 31,
customer deposits                                                                         99,053         97,687
current portion of unprotected excess                                                     99,316              -
liabilities long-term debt (includes securitization bonds of $20,898 as of december 31,                                                    3,225,759      2,952,399
and $34,662 as of december 31, 2017)
see notes to financial statements.
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries consolidated statements of changes in member's equity for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016
capital contributions from parent                                                                  200,000
capital stock redemption                                                                              (283  )
capital contributions from parent                                                                  350,000
see notes to financial statements.
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries selected financial data -
-in thousands operating                                   $2,060,643     $2,139,919    $2,086,608    $2,253,564    $2,172,391
-dollars in millions electric operating revenues:
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis results of operations net income
net income increased $359.3 million primarily due to a lower effective income tax rate and higher other income, partially offset by higher depreciation and amortization expenses and higher other operation and maintenance expenses.
net income decreased $305.7 million primarily due to the effect of the enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act, in december 2017, which resulted in a decrease of $182.6 million in net income in 2017, and the effect of a settlement with the irs related to the 2010-2011 irs audit, which resulted in a $136.1 million reduction of income tax expense in 2016. also contributing to the decrease in net income were higher other operation and maintenance expenses. the decrease was partially offset by higher net revenue and higher other income. see note 3 to the financial statements for discussion of the effects of the tax cuts and jobs act and the irs audit.
net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2)
purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges (credits). following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2018 to 2017.
return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred              (141.1  )
income taxes to customers regulatory credit in 2017 resulting from reduction of           (55.5  )
the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers resulted from the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes through changes in the formula rate plan, effective may 2018.
there is no effect on net income as the reduction in net revenue was offset by a reduction in income tax expense.
see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of regulatory activity regarding the tax cuts and jobs act.
the regulatory credit in 2017 resulting from reduction of the federal corporate income tax rate variance is due to the reduction of the vidalia purchased power agreement regulatory liability by $30.5 million and the reduction in
2017 of the louisiana act 55 financing savings obligation regulatory liabilities by $25 million, as a result of the
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act, in december 2017, which lowered the federal corporate income tax rate from
35% to 21%. the effects of the tax cuts and jobs act are discussed further in note 3 to the financial statements.
the retail electric price variance is primarily due to regulatory charges of $73.1 million recorded in 2018 to reflect the effects of a provision in the settlement reached in the formula rate plan extension proceeding to return the benefits of the lower federal income tax rate in 2018 to customers. partially offsetting the decrease were increases resulting from an increase in retail formula rate plan revenues, implemented with the first billing cycle of september 2018, and increases resulting from lower grand gulf purchased power expenses. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the formula rate plan extension proceeding.
the volume/weather variance is primarily due to an increase of 907 gwh, or 2%, in billed electricity usage, including the effect of more favorable weather on residential and commercial sales. the increase was partially offset by a decrease in industrial usage primarily due to a decrease in demand from existing customers.
net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2)
purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges (credits). following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2017 to 2016.
regulatory credit resulting from reduction of the            55.5
the regulatory credit resulting from reduction of the federal corporate income tax rate variance is due to the reduction of the vidalia purchased power agreement regulatory liability by $30.5 million and the reduction of the louisiana act 55 financing savings obligation regulatory liabilities by $25 million as a result of the enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act, in december 2017, which lowered the federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%.
the effects of the tax cuts and jobs act are discussed further in note 3 to the financial statements.
the retail electric price variance is primarily due to an increase in formula rate plan revenues, implemented with the first billing cycle of march 2016, to collect the estimated first-year revenue requirement related to the purchase of power blocks 3 and 4 of the union power station in march 2016 and a provision recorded in 2016 related to the settlement of the waterford 3 replacement steam generator prudence review proceeding. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the formula rate plan revenues and the waterford 3 replacement steam generator prudence review proceeding.
the louisiana act 55 financing savings obligation variance results from a regulatory charge recorded in 2016 for tax savings to be shared with customers per an agreement approved by the lpsc. the tax savings resulted from the
2010-2011 irs audit settlement on the treatment of the louisiana act 55 financing of storm costs for hurricane gustav and hurricane ike. see note 3 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the settlement and benefit sharing.
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis the volume/weather variance is primarily due to the effect of less favorable weather on residential and commercial sales and decreased usage during the unbilled sales period. the decrease was partially offset by an increase of
1,237 gwh, or 4%, in industrial usage primarily due to an increase in demand from existing customers and expansion projects in the chemicals industry.
other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to:
•  an increase of $11.9 million in fossil-fueled generation expenses primarily due to an overall higher scope of work performed during plant outages in 2018 as compared to 2017;
•  an increase of $11.7 million in energy efficiency costs primarily due to the implementation of a new energy efficiency program in january 2018;
•  an increase of $9 million in information technology expenses primarily due to higher software maintenance costs and higher contract costs;
•  an increase of $8.3 million in transmission expenses primarily due to higher labor and contract costs to support industrial customers;
•  an increase of $7.2 million in loss provisions; and an increase of $7 million in nuclear generation expenses primarily due to higher nuclear labor costs to
•  position the nuclear fleet to meet its operational goals and a higher scope of work performed during plant outages in 2018 as compared to 2017.
the increase was partially offset by:
•  a $14.8 million gain as a result of the sale of willow glen power plant
•  a decrease of $7.4 million as a result of the amortization through november 2017 of deferred miso implementation costs, as approved by the lpsc;
•  higher nuclear insurance refunds of $4.2 million in 2018; and
•  a decrease of $3.7 million in compensation and benefits costs primarily due to lower incentive-based compensation accruals in 2018 as compared to 2017.
taxes other than income taxes increased primarily due to increases in ad valorem taxes and payroll taxes. ad valorem taxes increased primarily due to higher assessments.
depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to additions to plant in service.
other income increased primarily due to an increase in the allowance for equity funds used during construction due to higher construction work in progress in 2018, which included the st. charles power station and lake charles power station projects. the increase was partially offset by a change in decommissioning trust fund investment activity, including portfolio rebalancing of certain of the decommissioning trust funds in 2017.
other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to:
an increase of $17.8 million in nuclear generation expenses primarily due to higher nuclear labor costs,
•  including contract labor, to position the nuclear fleet to meet its operational goals, partially offset by a lower scope of work performed during plant outages in 2017;
•  an increase of $9.5 millionin compensation and benefits costs primarily due to higher incentive-based compensation accruals in 2017 as compared to the prior year;
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis
•  an increase of $4.1 million as a result of the amount of transmission costs allocated by miso.see note 2 to the financial statements for further information on the recovery of these costs;
•  an increase of $3.6 million in transmission and distribution expenses due to higher vegetation maintenance costs; and
•  an increase of $3.2 million in write-offs of customer accounts.
taxes other than income taxes increased primarily due to increases in ad valorem taxes, state franchise taxes, and payroll taxes. ad valorem taxes increased primarily due to higher assessments, including the assessment of arkansas ad valorem taxes on the union power station beginning in 2017. state franchise taxes increased primarily due to a change in the louisiana franchise tax law which became effective in 2017.
depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to additions to plant in service, including power blocks 3 and 4 of the union power station purchased in march 2016, and the effects of recording in third quarter
2016 final court decisions in the river bend and waterford 3 lawsuits against the doe related to spent nuclear fuel storage costs. the damages awarded include the reimbursement of approximately $6 million of spent nuclear fuel storage costs previously recorded as depreciation expense. see note 14 to the financial statements for discussion of the union power station purchase. see note 8 to the financial statements for discussion of the spent nuclear fuel litigation.
other income increased primarily due to an increase in the allowance for equity funds used during construction due to higher construction work in progress in 2017, which includes the st. charles power station project, and higher realized gains in 2017 on the river bend decommissioning trust fund investments, including portfolio rebalancing to the 30% interest in river bend formerly owned by cajun.
income taxes the effective income tax rate for 2018 was (8.8%). the difference in the effective income tax rate versus the federal statutory rate of 21% for 2018 was primarily due to the amortization of excess accumulated deferred income taxes and an irs audit settlement for the 2012-2013 tax returns. see note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rates of 21% to the effective income tax rates.
the effective income tax rate for 2017 was 60.5%. the difference in the effective income tax rate versus the statutory rate of 35% for 2017 was primarily due to the enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act, signed by president trump in december 2017, which changed the federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% effective in 2018. see note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 35% to the effective income tax rate.
the effective income tax rate for 2016 was 12.6%. the difference in the effective income tax rate of 12.6% versus the statutory rate of 35% for 2016 was primarily due to the reversal of a portion of the provision for uncertain tax positions as a result of the settlement of the 2010-2011 irs audit in the second quarter 2016 and book and tax differences related to the non-taxable income distributions earned on preferred membership interests, partially offset by state income taxes. see note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 35% to the effective income tax rate.
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis income tax legislation see the "
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the tax cuts and jobs act, the federal income tax legislation enacted in december 2017. note 3 to the financial statements contains additional discussion of the effect of the act on 2017 and 2018 results of operations and financial position, the provisions of the act, and the uncertainties associated with accounting for the act, and note 2 to the financial statements discusses the regulatory proceedings that have considered the effects of the act.
liquidity and capital resources cash flow cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016 were as follows:
of period net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                            1,395,204        1,337,545        1,037,912
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at end of               $43,364          $35,907         $213,850
period operating activities net cash flow provided by operating activities increased $57.7 million in 2018 primarily due to:
•  a decrease of $76.5 million in spending on nuclear fueling outages;
a refund to customers in january 2017 of approximately $71 million as a result of the settlement approved by
•  the lpsc related to the waterford 3 replacement steam generator project.  see note 2 to the financial statements for discussion of the settlement and refund;
the receipt of $58.6 million from entergy arkansas as a result of a compliance filing made in response to
•  the ferc's october 2018 order in the entergy arkansas opportunity sales proceeding. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the opportunity sales proceeding; and
•  the timing of collection of receivables from customers.
the increase was partially offset by:
a decrease of $129 million in income tax refunds in 2018 as compared to the same period in 2017. entergy
•  louisiana received income tax refunds in 2018 and 2017 in accordance with an intercompany income tax allocation agreement.  the income tax refunds in 2018 and 2017 resulted from the utilization of entergy louisiana's net operating loss;
•  the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers.  see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of regulatory activity regarding the tax cuts and jobs act; and
•  the timing of recovery of fuel and purchased power costs.
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis net cash flow provided by operating activities increased $299.6 million in 2017 primarily due to:
income tax refunds of $234.2 million in 2017 compared to income tax payments of $156.6 million in 2016.
entergy louisiana received income tax refunds in 2017 and made income tax payments in 2016 in accordance with an intercompany income tax allocation agreement.  the income tax refunds in 2017 resulted from the
•  utilization of entergy louisiana's net operating losses.  the income tax payments in 2016 resulted primarily from adjustments associated with the settlement of the 2010-2011 irs audit, payments for state taxes resulting from the effect of the final settlement of the 2006-2007 irs audit, and the effect of net operating loss limitations.  see note 3 to the financial statements for a discussion of the 2010-2011 irs audit;
•  an increase due to the timing of recovery of fuel and purchased power costs; and
•  an interest payment of $60 million made in march 2016 related to the purchase of a beneficial interest in the waterford 3 leased assets.
the increase was partially offset by:
a refund to customers in january 2017 of approximately $71 million as a result of the settlement approved by
•  the lpsc related to the waterford 3 replacement steam generator project.  see note 2 to the financial statements for discussion of the settlement and refund;
•  an increase of $62.8 million in spending on nuclear refueling outages; and proceeds of $37.8 million received in august 2016 from the doe resulting from litigation regarding spent
•  nuclear fuel storage costs that were previously expensed.  see note 8 to the financial statements for a discussion of the spent nuclear fuel litigation.
•  an increase of $67.8 million in transmission construction expenditures primarily due to a higher scope of work performed in 2018 as compared to 2017;
an increase of $65.5 million in fossil-fueled generation expenditures primarily due to higher spending on
•  the lake charles power station project in 2018, partially offset by lower spending on the st. charles power station project in 2018; and
the increase was partially offset by a decrease of $97.5 million as a result of fluctuations in nuclear fuel activity because of variations from year to year in the timing and pricing of fuel reload requirements in the utility business, material and service deliveries, and the timing of cash payments during the nuclear fuel cycle.
increases in entergy louisiana's receivable from the money pool are a use of cash flow, and entergy louisiana's receivable from the money pool increased by $35.7 million in 2018 compared to decreasing by $11.3 million in 2017.
the money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the utility subsidiaries' need for external short-term borrowings.
•  an increase of $364.3 million in fossil-fueled generation construction expenditures primarily due to higher spending on the st. charles power station and lake charles power station projects in 2017;
•  an increase of $148.9 million in transmission construction expenditures due to a higher scope of work performed in 2017;
an increase of $144.9 million as a result of fluctuations in nuclear fuel activity because of variations
•  from year to year in the timing and pricing of fuel reload requirements in the utility business, material and service deliveries, and the timing of cash payments during the nuclear fuel cycle;
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis proceeds of $57.9 million received in 2016 from the doe resulting from litigation regarding spent nuclear
•  fuel storage costs that were previously capitalized.  see note 8 to the financial statements for discussion of the spent nuclear fuel litigation;
•  an increase of $53.6 million in nuclear construction expenditures primarily due to increased spending on various nuclear projects in 2017;
•  an increase of $30.4 million in distribution construction expenditures due to increased spending on digital technology improvements within the customer contact centers;
•  an increase of $19.9 million due to increased spending on advanced metering infrastructure; and
•  an increase of $12.3 million due to various information technology projects and upgrades in 2017.
the increase was partially offset by:
the purchase of power blocks 3 and 4 of the union power station for an aggregate purchase price of
•  approximately $475 million in march 2016.  see note 14 to the financial statements for discussion of the union power station purchase;
decreases in entergy louisiana's receivable from the money pool are a source of cash flow, and entergy louisiana's receivable from the money pool decreased by $11.3 million in 2017 compared to increasing by $16.3 million in 2016.
•  the issuance of $750 million of 4.00% series collateral trust mortgage bonds in march 2018.  a portion of the proceeds was used to repay $375 million of 6.0% series first mortgage bonds in may 2018;
•  the issuance of $600 million of 4.20% collateral trust mortgage bonds in august 2018.  a portion of the proceeds was used to repay $300 million of 6.5% series first mortgage bonds in september 2018;
•  the redemption of $25 million of 3.25% series g nuclear fuel company variable interest entity notes payable in june 2017;
•  the redemption of $75 million of 3.25% series q nuclear fuel company variable interest entity notes payable in july 2017; and
•  the termination of $57.5 million of the waterford 3 lease obligation and $42.7 million of waterford series collateral trust mortgage notes in 2017.
the increase was partially offset by:
•  the issuance of $450 million of 3.12% collateral trust mortgage bonds in may 2017.  a portion of the proceeds was used to repay $45.3 million of waterford series collateral trust mortgage bonds;
•  net repayments of short-term borrowings of $43.5 million on the nuclear fuel company variable interest entities' credit facilities in 2018 compared to net short-term borrowings of $39.7 million in 2017;
•  net repayments of long-term borrowings of $18.6 million on the nuclear fuel company variable interest entities' credit facilities in 2018 compared to net long-term borrowings of $102 million in 2017; and
•  an increase of $36.8 million in common equity distributions in 2018 primarily to maintain entergy louisiana's targeted capital structure.
net cash flow provided by financing activities decreased $343 million in 2017 primarily due to the net issuance of
$325.6 million of long-term debt in 2017 compared to the net issuance of $961.2 million in 2016. the decrease was partially offset by:
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis
•  a decrease of $194.3 million of common equity distributions primarily as a result of higher construction expenditures and higher nuclear fuel purchases in 2017; and
•  net borrowings of $39.7 million on the nuclear fuel company variable interest entities' credit facilities in
2017 compared to net repayments of $56.6 million in 2016
see note 5 to the financial statements for details of long-term debt.
capital structure entergy louisiana's debt to capital ratio is balanced between equity and debt, as shown in the following table.
debt to capital                           53.6  %                   53.8  %
effect of excluding securitization bonds  (0.3  %)                  (0.3  %)
debt to capital, excluding                53.3  %                   53.5  %
effect of subtracting cash                (0.1  %)                  (0.1  %)
net debt to net capital, excluding        53.2  %                   53.4  %
net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. debt consists of short-term borrowings and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion. capital consists of debt and common equity. net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. entergy louisiana uses the debt to capital ratios excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes they provide useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy louisiana's financial condition because the securitization bonds are non-recourse to entergy louisiana, as more fully described in note 5 to the financial statements. entergy louisiana also uses the net debt to net capital ratio excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy louisiana's financial condition because net debt indicates entergy louisiana's outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand.
entergy louisiana seeks to optimize its capital structure in accordance with its regulatory requirements and to control its cost of capital while also maintaining equity capitalization at a level consistent with investment-
grade debt ratings. to the extent that operating cash flows are in excess of planned investments, cash may be used to reduce outstanding debt or may be paid as a distribution, or both, in appropriate amounts to maintain the targeted capital structure. to the extent that operating cash flows are insufficient to support planned investments, entergy louisiana may issue incremental debt or reduce distributions, or both, to maintain its targeted capital structure. in addition, in certain infrequent circumstances, such as large transactions that would materially alter the capital structure if financed entirely with debt and reducing distributions, entergy louisiana may receive equity contributions to maintain the targeted capital structure.
uses of capital entergy louisiana requires capital resources for:
•  construction and other capital investments;
•  working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel and purchased power costs; and
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis following are the amounts of entergy louisiana's planned construction and other capital investments.
-in millions planned construction and capital investment:
generation                                  $610      $325      $625
utility support                              175       135       100
following are the amounts of entergy louisiana's existing debt and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments) and other purchase obligations.
operating leases                     $26          $41          $28           $22       $117
(a)  includes estimated interest payments.  long-term debt is discussed in note 5 to the financial statements.
purchase obligations represent the minimum purchase obligation or cancellation charge for contractual obligations to purchase goods or services.  for entergy louisiana, almost all of the total consists of
(b)  unconditional fuel and purchased power obligations, including its obligations under the vidalia purchased power agreement and the unit power sales agreement, both of which are discussed in note 8 to the financial statements.
in addition to the contractual obligations given above, entergy louisiana currently expects to contribute approximately $26.5 million to its qualified pension plans and approximately $17.9 million to its other postretirement health care and life insurance plans in 2019, although the 2019 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2019 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2019.
- qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " below for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.
also, in addition to the contractual obligations, entergy louisiana has $802.3 million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest net of unused tax attributes for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. see note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits.
in addition to routine capital spending to maintain operations, the planned capital investment estimate for entergy louisiana includes specific investments, such as the washington parish energy center, st. charles power station, and lake charles power station, each discussed below; transmission projects to enhance reliability, reduce congestion, and enable economic growth; distribution spending to enhance reliability and improve service to customers, including investment to support advanced metering; resource planning, including potential generation projects; system improvements; investments in river bend and waterford 3; software and security; and other investments. entergy's utility supply plan initiative will continue to seek to transform its generation portfolio with new or repowered generation resources. opportunities resulting from the supply plan initiative, including new projects or the exploration of alternative financing sources, could result in increases or decreases in the capital expenditure estimates given above. the estimated capital expenditures are subject to periodic review and modification and may vary based on the ongoing
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis effects of regulatory constraints and requirements, environmental compliance, business opportunities, market volatility, economic trends, business restructuring, changes in project plans, and the ability to access capital.
as a wholly-owned subsidiary of entergy utility holding company, llc, entergy louisiana pays distributions from its earnings at a percentage determined monthly.
st. charles power station in august 2015, entergy louisiana filed with the lpsc an application seeking certification that the public necessity and convenience would be served by the construction of the st. charles power station, a nominal 980
megawatt combined-cycle generating unit, on land adjacent to the existing little gypsy plant in st. charles parish, louisiana. it is currently estimated to cost $869 million to construct, including transmission interconnection and other related costs. the lpsc issued an order approving certification of st. charles power station in december
lake charles power station in november 2016, entergy louisiana filed an application with the lpsc seeking certification that the public convenience and necessity would be served by the construction of the lake charles power station, a nominal 994
megawatt combined-cycle generating unit in westlake, louisiana, on land adjacent to the existing nelson plant in calcasieu parish. the current estimated cost of the lake charles power station is $872 million, including estimated costs of transmission interconnection and other related costs. in may 2017 the parties to the proceeding agreed to an uncontested stipulation finding that construction of the lake charles power station is in the public interest and authorizing an in-service rate recovery plan. in july 2017 the lpsc issued an order unanimously approving the stipulation and approved certification of the unit. construction is in progress and commercial operation is expected to occur by mid-2020.
washington parish energy center in april 2017, entergy louisiana signed an agreement with a subsidiary of calpine corporation for the construction and purchase of a peaking plant. calpine will construct the plant, which will consist of two natural gas-fired combustion turbine units with a total nominal capacity of approximately 361 mw. the plant, named the washington parish energy center, will be located in bogalusa, louisiana and, subject to permits and approvals, is expected to be completed by 2021. subject to regulatory approvals, entergy louisiana will purchase the plant once it is complete for an estimated total investment of approximately $261 million, including transmission and other related costs. in may 2017, entergy louisiana filed an application with the lpsc seeking certification of the plant. in april 2018 the parties reached a settlement recommending certification and cost recovery through the additional capacity mechanism of the formula rate plan, consistent with prior lpsc precedent with respect to the certification and recovery of plants previously acquired by entergy louisiana. the lpsc issued an order approving the settlement in may 2018.
in november 2016, entergy louisiana filed an application seeking a finding from the lpsc that entergy louisiana's deployment of advanced electric and gas metering infrastructure is in the public interest. entergy louisiana proposed to deploy advanced meters that enable two-way data communication; design and build a secure and reliable network to support such communications; and implement support systems. ami is intended to serve as the foundation of entergy louisiana's modernized power grid. the filing included an estimate of implementation costs for ami of
$330 million . the filing identified a number of quantified and unquantified benefits, and entergy louisiana provided a cost/benefit analysis showing that its combined electric and gas ami deployment is expected to produce a nominal net benefit to customers of $607 million. entergy louisiana also sought to continue to include in rate base the remaining book value, approximately $92 million at december 31, 2015, of the existing electric meters and also to depreciate those assets using current depreciation rates. entergy louisiana proposed a 15-year useful life for the new advanced
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis meters, the three-year deployment of which began in 2019. deployment of the communications network began in 2018.
entergy louisiana proposed to recover the cost of ami through the implementation of a customer charge, net of certain benefits, phased in over the period 2019 through 2022. the parties reached an uncontested stipulation permitting implementation of entergy louisiana's proposed ami system, with modifications to the proposed customer charge. in july 2017 the lpsc approved the stipulation. entergy louisiana expects to recover the undepreciated balance of its existing meters through a regulatory asset at current depreciation rates.
sources of capital entergy louisiana's sources to meet its capital requirements include:
•  internally generated funds;
•  capital contributions; and
•  bank financing under new or existing facilities.
entergy louisiana may refinance, redeem, or otherwise retire debt prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest rates are favorable.
entergy louisiana has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs.
entergy louisiana's receivables from the money pool were as follows as of december 31 for each of the following years.
see note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool.
entergy louisiana has a credit facility in the amount of $350 million scheduled to expire in september 2023. the credit facility includes fronting commitments for the issuance of letters of credit against $15 million of the borrowing capacity of the facility. as of december 31, 2018, there were no cash borrowings and no letters of credit outstanding under the credit facility. in addition, entergy louisiana is a party to an uncommitted letter of credit facility as a means to post collateral to support its obligations to miso. as of december 31, 2018, a $25.9 million letter of credit was outstanding under entergy louisiana's uncommitted letter of credit facility. see note 4 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the credit facilities.
the entergy louisiana nuclear fuel company variable interest entities have two separate credit facilities, each in the amount of $105 million and scheduled to expire in september 2021. as of december 31, 2018, $38.6 million of loans were outstanding under the credit facility for the entergy louisiana river bend nuclear fuel company variable interest entity. as of december 31, 2018, $82 million in loans were outstanding under the entergy louisiana waterford nuclear fuel company variable interest entity credit facility. see note 4 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity credit facilities.
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis entergy louisiana obtained authorizations from the ferc through november 2020 for the following:
•  short-term borrowings not to exceed an aggregate amount of $450 million at any time outstanding;
see note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of entergy louisiana's short-term borrowing limits.
hurricane isaac in june 2014 the lpsc voted to approve a series of orders which (i) quantified $290.8 million of hurricane isaac system restoration costs as prudently incurred; (ii) determined $290 million as the level of storm reserves to be re-established; (iii) authorized entergy louisiana to utilize louisiana act 55 financing for hurricane isaac system restoration costs; and (iv) granted other requested relief associated with storm reserves and act 55 financing of hurricane isaac system restoration costs. entergy louisiana committed to pass on to customers a minimum of $30.8
million of customer benefits through annual customer credits of approximately $6.2 million for five years.
approvals for the act 55 financings were obtained from the louisiana utilities restoration corporation and the louisiana state bond commission. see note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of the august 2014
issuance of bonds under act 55 of the louisiana legislature.
little gypsy repowering project in april 2007, entergy louisiana announced that it intended to pursue the solid fuel repowering of a 538 mw unit at its little gypsy plant. in march 2009 the lpsc voted in favor of a motion directing entergy louisiana to temporarily suspend the repowering project and, based upon an analysis of the project's economic viability, to make a recommendation regarding whether to proceed with the project. this action was based upon a number of factors including the recent decline in natural gas prices, as well as environmental concerns, the unknown costs of carbon legislation and changes in the capital/financial markets. in april 2009, entergy louisiana complied with the lpsc's directive and recommended that the project be suspended for an extended period of time of three years or more. in may 2009 the lpsc issued an order declaring that entergy louisiana's decision to place the little gypsy project into a longer-term suspension of three years or more is in the public interest and prudent.
in october 2009, entergy louisiana made a filing with the lpsc seeking permission to cancel the little gypsy repowering project and seeking project cost recovery over a five-year period. in june 2010 and august 2010, the lpsc staff and intervenors filed testimony. the lpsc staff (1) agreed that it was prudent to move the project from long-term suspension to cancellation and that the timing of the decision to suspend on a longer-term basis was not imprudent; (2) indicated that, except for $0.8 million in compensation-related costs, the costs incurred should be deemed prudent; (3) recommended recovery from customers over ten years but stated that the lpsc may want to consider 15 years; (4) allowed for recovery of carrying costs and earning a return on project costs, but at a reduced rate approximating the cost of debt, while also acknowledging that the lpsc may consider ordering no return; and (5) indicated that entergy louisiana should be directed to securitize project costs, if legally feasible and in the public interest. in the third quarter 2010, in accordance with accounting standards, entergy louisiana determined that it was probable that the little gypsy repowering project would be abandoned and accordingly reclassified $199.8 million of project costs from construction work in progress to a regulatory asset.
a hearing on the issues, except for cost allocation among customer classes, was held before the alj in november
2010. in january 2011 all parties participated in a mediation on the disputed issues, resulting in a settlement of all disputed issues, including cost recovery and cost allocation. the settlement provides for entergy louisiana to recover $200 million as of march 31, 2011, and carrying costs on that amount on specified terms thereafter. the settlement also provides for entergy louisiana to recover the approved project costs by securitization. in april
2011, entergy louisiana filed an application with the lpsc to authorize the securitization of the investment recovery costs associated with the project and to issue a financing order by which entergy louisiana could accomplish such securitization. in august 2011 the lpsc issued an order approving the settlement and also
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis issued a financing order for the securitization. see note 5 to the financial statements for a discussion of the september 2011 issuance of the securitization bonds.
state and local rate regulation and fuel-cost recovery the rates that entergy louisiana charges for its services significantly influence its financial position, results of operations, and liquidity. entergy louisiana is regulated and the rates charged to its customers are determined in regulatory proceedings. a governmental agency, the lpsc, is primarily responsible for approval of the rates charged to customers.
the evaluation report reflected an earned return on common equity of 9.07% . as such, no adjustment to base formula rate plan revenue was required. the following other adjustments, however, were required under the formula rate plan: an increase in the legacy entergy louisiana additional capacity mechanism of $14.2 million ; a separate increase in legacy entergy louisiana revenue of $10 million primarily to reflect the effects of the termination of the system agreement; an increase in the legacy entergy gulf states louisiana additional capacity mechanism of $0.5
million ; a decrease in legacy entergy gulf states louisiana revenue of $58.7 million primarily to reflect the effects of the termination of the system agreement; and an increase of $11 million to the miso cost recovery mechanism. rates were implemented with the first billing cycle of september 2016, subject to refund. following implementation of the as-filed rates in september 2016, there were several interim updates to entergy louisiana's formula rate plan, including the one submitted in december 2016, reflecting implementation of the settlement of the waterford 3 replacement steam generator project prudence review described below. in june 2017 the lpsc staff and entergy louisiana filed a joint report of proceedings, which was accepted by the lpsc in june 2017, finalizing the results of the may 2016 evaluation report, interim updates, and corresponding proceedings with no changes to rates already implemented.
the evaluation report reflected an earned return on common equity of 9.84% . as such, no adjustment to base formula rate plan revenue was required. adjustments, however, were required under the formula rate plan; the 2016 formula rate plan evaluation report showed a decrease in formula rate plan revenue of approximately $16.9 million , comprised of a decrease in legacy entergy louisiana formula rate plan revenue of $3.5 million , a decrease in legacy entergy gulf states louisiana formula rate plan revenue of $9.7 million , and a decrease in incremental formula rate plan revenue of $3.7 million . additionally, the formula rate plan evaluation report called for a decrease of $40.5 million in the miso cost recovery revenue requirement from $46.8 million to $6.3 million . rates reflecting these adjustments were implemented with the first billing cycle of september 2017, subject to refund. in september 2017 the lpsc issued its report indicating that no changes to entergy louisiana's original formula rate plan evaluation report were required but reserved for several issues, including entergy louisiana's september 2017
update to its formula rate plan evaluation report. in july 2018, entergy louisiana and the lpsc staff filed an unopposed joint report setting forth a correction to the annualization calculation, the effect of which was a net
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis formula rate plan extension through 2019 test year in august 2017, entergy louisiana filed a request with the lpsc seeking to extend its formula rate plan for three years (2017-2019) with limited modifications to its terms. those modifications include: a one-time resetting of base rates to the midpoint of the band at entergy louisiana's authorized return on equity of 9.95% for the 2017
test year; narrowing of the formula rate plan bandwidth from a total of 160 basis points to 80 basis points; and a forward-looking mechanism that would allow entergy louisiana to recover certain transmission-related costs contemporaneously with when those projects begin delivering benefits to customers. in april 2018, the lpsc approved an unopposed joint motion filed by entergy louisiana and the lpsc staff that settles the matter. the settlement extends the formula rate plan for three years, providing for rates through at least august 2021. in addition to retaining the major features of the traditional formula rate plan, some of the more substantive features of the extended formula rate plan include:
•  a mid-point reset of formula rate plan revenues to a 9.95% earned return on common equity for the 2017 test year and for the st. charles power station when it enters commercial operation;
•  narrowing of the common equity bandwidth to plus or minus 60 basis points around the earned return on common equity;
a cap on potential revenue increase of $35 million for the 2018 evaluation period, and $70 million for the
•  cumulative 2018 and 2019 evaluation periods, on formula rate plan cost of service rate increases (the cap excludes rate changes associated with the transmission recovery mechanism described below and rate changes associated with additional capacity);
•  a framework for the flow back of certain tax benefits created by the tax act to customers; and a transmission recovery mechanism providing for the opportunity to recover certain transmission related
•  expenditures in excess of $100 million for projects placed in service up to one month prior to rate change outside of sharing that is designed to operate in a fashion similar to the additional capacity mechanism.
2017 formula rate plan filing in june 2018, entergy louisiana filed its formula rate plan evaluation report for its 2017 calendar year operations. the 2017 test year evaluation report produced an earned return on equity of 8.16%, due in large part to revenue-neutral realignments to other recovery mechanisms. without these realignments, the evaluation report produces an earned return on equity of 9.88% and a resulting base rider formula rate plan revenue increase of $4.8
million. excluding the tax act credits provided for by the tax reform adjustment mechanisms, total formula rate plan revenues were further increased by a total of $98 million as a result of the evaluation report due to adjustments to the additional capacity and miso cost recovery mechanisms of the formula rate plan, and implementation of the transmission recovery mechanism. in august 2018, entergy louisiana filed a supplemental formula rate plan evaluation report to reflect changes from the 2016 test year formula rate plan proceedings, a decrease to the transmission recovery mechanism to reflect lower actual capital additions, and a decrease to evaluation period expenses to reflect the terms of a new power sales agreement. based on the august 2018 update, entergy louisiana recognized a total decrease in formula rate plan revenue of approximately $17.6 million. results of the updated 2017 evaluation report filing were implemented with the september 2018 billing month subject to refund and review by the lpsc staff and intervenors. in accordance with the terms of the formula rate plan, in september 2018 the lpsc staff and intervenors submitted their responses to entergy louisiana's original formula rate plan evaluation report and supplemental compliance updates. the lpsc staff asserted objections/reservations regarding 1) entergy louisiana's proposed rate adjustments associated with the return of excess accumulated deferred income taxes pursuant to the tax act and the treatment of accumulated deferred income taxes related to reductions of rate base; 2) entergy louisiana's reservation regarding treatment of a regulatory asset related to certain special orders by the lpsc; and 3) test year expenses billed from entergy services to entergy louisiana.
intervenors also objected to entergy louisiana's treatment of the regulatory asset related to certain special orders by the lpsc. a procedural schedule has not yet been established to resolve these issues.
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis entergy louisiana also included in its filing a presentation of an initial proposal to combine the legacy entergy louisiana and legacy entergy gulf states louisiana residential rates, which combination, if approved, would be accomplished on a revenue-neutral basis intended not to affect the rates of other customer classes.
waterford 3 replacement steam generator project following the completion of the waterford 3 replacement steam generator project, the lpsc undertook a prudence review in connection with a filing made by entergy louisiana in april 2013 with regard to the following aspects of the replacement project: 1) project management; 2) cost controls; 3) success in achieving stated objectives; 4) the costs of the replacement project; and 5) the outage length and replacement power costs. in july 2014 the lpsc staff filed testimony recommending potential project and replacement power cost disallowances of up to $71 million , citing a need for further explanation or documentation from entergy louisiana. an intervenor filed testimony recommending disallowance of $141 million of incremental project costs, claiming the steam generator fabricator was imprudent. entergy louisiana provided further documentation and explanation requested by the lpsc staff. an evidentiary hearing was held in december 2014. entergy louisiana believed that the replacement steam generator costs were prudently incurred and applicable legal principles supported their recovery in rates. nevertheless, entergy louisiana recorded a write-off of $16 million of waterford 3's plant balance in december 2014 because of the uncertainty at the time associated with the resolution of the prudence review. in december 2015 the alj issued a proposed recommendation, which was subsequently finalized, concluding that entergy louisiana prudently managed the waterford 3 replacement steam generator project, including the selection, use, and oversight of contractors, and could not reasonably have anticipated the damage to the steam generators. nevertheless, the alj concluded that entergy louisiana was liable for the conduct of its contractor and subcontractor and, therefore, recommended a disallowance of $67 million in capital costs. additionally, the alj concluded that entergy louisiana did not sufficiently justify the incurrence of $2 million in replacement power costs during the replacement outage.
although the alj's recommendation had not yet been considered by the lpsc, after considering the progress of the proceeding in light of the alj recommendation, entergy louisiana recorded in the fourth quarter 2015 approximately
$77 million in charges, including a $45 million asset write-off and a $32 million regulatory charge, to reflect that a portion of the assets associated with the waterford 3 replacement steam generator project was no longer probable of recovery. entergy louisiana maintained that the alj's recommendation contained significant factual and legal errors.
in october 2016 the parties reached a settlement in this matter. the settlement was approved by the lpsc in december 2016. the settlement effectively provided for an agreed-upon disallowance of $67 million of plant, which had been previously written off by entergy louisiana, as discussed above. the refund to customers of approximately
$71 million as a result of the settlement approved by the lpsc was made to customers in january 2017. of the $71
million of refunds, $68 million was credited to customers through entergy louisiana's formula rate plan, outside of sharing, and $3 million through its fuel adjustment clause. entergy louisiana had previously recorded a provision of $48 million for this refund. the previously-recorded provision included the cumulative revenues recorded through december 2016 related to the $67 million of disallowed plant. an additional regulatory charge of $23 million was recorded in fourth quarter 2016 to reflect the effects of the settlement. the settlement also provided that entergy louisiana could retain the value associated with potential service credits agreed to by the project contractor, to the extent they are realized in the future. following a review by the parties, an unopposed joint report of proceedings was filed by the lpsc staff and entergy louisiana in may 2017 and the lpsc accepted the joint report of proceedings resolving the matter.
union power station and deactivation or retirement decisions for entergy louisiana plants in january 2015, entergy gulf states louisiana filed its application with the lpsc for approval of the acquisition and cost recovery of two power blocks of the union power station for an expected base purchase price of approximately $237 million per power block, subject to adjustments. in september 2015, entergy gulf states louisiana agreed to settlement terms with all parties for entergy gulf states louisiana's purchase of the two power blocks. in october 2015 the lpsc voted unanimously to approve the uncontested settlement which finds, among other things, that
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis acquisition of power blocks 3 and 4 is in the public interest and, therefore, prudent. the business combination of entergy gulf states louisiana and entergy louisiana received regulatory approval and closed in october 2015 making entergy louisiana the named purchaser of power blocks 3 and 4 of the union power station. in march 2016, entergy louisiana acquired power blocks 3 and 4 of union power station for an aggregate purchase price of approximately
$475 million and implemented rates to collect the estimated first-year revenue requirement with the first billing cycle of march 2016.
as a term of the lpsc-approved settlement authorizing the purchase of power blocks 3 and 4 of the union power station, entergy louisiana agreed to make a filing with the lpsc to review its decisions to deactivate ninemile 3
and willow glen 2 and 4 and its decision to retire little gypsy 1. in january 2016, entergy louisiana made its compliance filing with the lpsc. entergy louisiana, lpsc staff, and intervenors participated in a technical conference in march 2016 where entergy louisiana presented information on its deactivation/retirement decisions for these four units in addition to information on the current deactivation decisions for the ten-year planning horizon. parties requested further proceedings on the prudence of the decision to deactivate willow glen 2 and 4.
no party contested the prudence of the decision to deactivate willow glen 2 and 4 or suggested reactivation of these units; however, issues were raised related to entergy louisiana's decision to give up its transmission service rights in miso for willow glen 2 and 4 rather than placing the units into suspended status for the three-
year term permitted by miso. in march 2018 the lpsc adopted the alj's recommended order finding that entergy louisiana did not demonstrate that its decision to permanently surrender transmission rights for the mothballed
(not retired) willow glen 2 and 4 units was reasonable and that entergy louisiana should hold customers harmless from increased transmission expenses should those units be reactivated. because no party or the lpsc suggested that willow glen 2 and 4 should be reactivated and because the cost to return those units to service far exceeded the revenue the units were expected to generate in miso, entergy louisiana retired willow glen 2 and 4 in march 2018.
entergy louisiana submitted a compliance filing regarding retirement of willow glen 2 and 4, and the lpsc closed the proceeding.
2016 rate stabilization plan filing in january 2017, entergy louisiana filed with the lpsc its gas rate stabilization plan for the test year ended september 30, 2016. the filing of the evaluation report for test year 2016 reflected an earned return on common equity of 6.37% . in april 2017 the lpsc approved a joint report of proceedings and entergy louisiana submitted a revised evaluation report reflecting a $1.2 million annual increase in revenue with rates implemented with the first billing cycle of may 2017.
2017 rate stabilization plan filing in january 2018, entergy louisiana filed with the lpsc its gas rate stabilization plan for the test year ended september 30, 2017. the filing of the evaluation report for the test year 2017 reflected an earned return on common equity of 9.06%. this earned return is below the earnings sharing band of the rate stabilization plan and results in a rate increase of $0.1 million. due to the enactment in late-december 2017 of the tax cuts and jobs act, entergy louisiana did not have adequate time to reflect the effects of this tax legislation in the rate stabilization plan. in april 2018, entergy louisiana filed a supplemental evaluation report for the test year ended september 2017, reflecting the effects of the tax act, including a proposal to use the unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to offset approximately $1.4 million of storm restoration deferred operation and maintenance costs incurred by entergy louisiana in connection with the august 2016 flooding disaster in its gas service area. the supplemental filing reflects an earned return on common equity of 10.79%. as-filed rates from the supplemental filing were implemented, subject to refund, with customers receiving a cost reduction of approximately
$0.7 million effective with bills rendered on and after the first billing cycle of may 2018, as well as a $0.2
million reduction in the gas infrastructure rider effective with bills rendered on and after the first billing cycle of july 2018. the proceeding is currently in its discovery phase. a procedural schedule has not been established.
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis
2018 rate stabilization plan filing in january 2019, entergy louisiana filed with the lpsc its gas rate stabilization plan for the test year ended september 30, 2018. the filing of the evaluation report for the test year 2018 reflected an earned return on common equity of 2.69% . this earned return is below the earning sharing band of the gas rate stabilization plan and results in a rate increase of $2.8 million . entergy louisiana will make a compliance filing in april 2019 and rates will be implemented during the first billing cycle of may 2019.
fuel and purchased power recovery entergy louisiana recovers electric fuel and purchased power costs for the billing month based upon the level of such costs incurred two months prior to the billing month. entergy louisiana's purchased gas adjustments include estimates for the billing month adjusted by a surcharge or credit that arises from an annual reconciliation of fuel costs incurred with fuel cost revenues billed to customers, including carrying charges.
in december 2011 the lpsc authorized its staff to initiate a proceeding to audit the fuel adjustment clause filings of entergy gulf states louisiana and its affiliates. the audit included a review of the reasonableness of charges flowed by entergy gulf states louisiana through its fuel adjustment clause for the period 2005 through 2009. in march 2016 the lpsc staff consultant issued its audit report. in its report, the lpsc staff consultant recommended that entergy louisiana refund approximately $8.6 million , plus interest, to customers and realign the recovery of approximately $12.7 million from entergy gulf states louisiana's fuel adjustment clause to base rates. in september
2016 the lpsc staff filed testimony stating that it was no longer recommending a disallowance of $3.4 million of the $8.6 million discussed above, but otherwise maintained the positions from its report. subsequently, the parties entered into a settlement, which was approved by the lpsc in november 2016. the settlement recognized the dry cask storage recovery method issue, which was addressed in the separate proceeding approved by the lpsc in october 2017, provided for a refund of $5 million , which was made to legacy entergy gulf states louisiana customers in december
in july 2014 the lpsc authorized its staff to initiate an audit of the fuel adjustment clause filings by entergy gulf states louisiana, whose business was combined with entergy louisiana in 2015. the audit includes a review of the reasonableness of charges flowed through entergy gulf states louisiana's fuel adjustment clause for the period from 2010 through 2013. in january 2019, the lpsc staff consultant issued its audit report. in its report, the lpsc staff consultant recommended that entergy louisiana refund approximately $900,000, plus interest, to customers based upon the imputation of a claim of vendor fault in servicing its nuclear plant. entergy louisiana is evaluating the staff's recommended disallowance.
in july 2014 the lpsc authorized its staff to initiate an audit of entergy louisiana's fuel adjustment clause filings. the audit includes a review of the reasonableness of charges flowed by entergy louisiana through its fuel adjustment clause for the period from 2010 through 2013. in january 2019, the lpsc staff consultant issued its audit report. in its report, the lpsc staff consultant recommended that entergy louisiana refund approximately $7.3
million, plus interest, to customers based upon the imputation of a claim of vendor fault in servicing its nuclear plant. entergy louisiana is evaluating the staff's recommended disallowance.
in june 2016 the lpsc staff provided notice of audits of entergy louisiana's fuel adjustment clause filings and purchased gas adjustment clause filings. in recognition of the business combination that occurred in 2015, the audit notice was issued to entergy louisiana and will also include a review of charges to legacy entergy gulf states louisiana customers prior to the business combination. the audit includes a review of the reasonableness of charges flowed through entergy louisiana's fuel adjustment clause for the period from 2014 through 2015 and charges flowed through entergy louisiana's purchased gas adjustment clause for the period from 2012 through 2015. discovery commenced in march 2017. no report of audit has been issued.
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis in may 2018 the lpsc staff provided notice of audits of entergy louisiana's purchased gas adjustment clause filings. the audit includes a review of the reasonableness of charges flowed through entergy louisiana's purchased gas adjustment clause for the period from 2016 through 2017. discovery commenced in september 2018. no report of audit has been issued.
industrial and commercial customers entergy louisiana's large industrial and commercial customers continually explore ways to reduce their energy costs. in particular, cogeneration is an option available to a portion of entergy louisiana's industrial customer base. entergy louisiana responds by working with industrial and commercial customers and negotiating electric service contracts to provide competitive rates that match specific customer needs and load profiles. entergy louisiana actively participates in economic development, customer retention, and reclamation activities to increase industrial and commercial demand, from both new and existing customers.
rate, cost-recovery, and other regulation
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis and note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of federal regulation.
entergy louisiana is, therefore, subject to the risks related to owning and operating nuclear plants. these include risks related to: the use, storage, and handling and disposal of high-level and low-level radioactive materials;
the substantial financial requirements, both for capital investments and operational needs, to position entergy's nuclear fleet to meet its operational goals, including the financial requirements to address emerging issues like stress corrosion cracking of certain materials within the plant systems and the fukushima event; regulatory requirements and potential future regulatory changes, including changes affecting the regulations governing nuclear plant ownership, operations, license renewal and amendments, and decommissioning; the performance and capacity factors of these nuclear plants; the availability of interim or permanent sites for the disposal of spent nuclear fuel and nuclear waste, including the fees charged for such disposal; the sufficiency of nuclear decommissioning trust fund assets and earnings to complete decommissioning of each site when required; and limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available for losses in connection with nuclear plant operations and catastrophic events such as a nuclear accident. in the event of an unanticipated early shutdown of river bend or waterford 3, entergy louisiana may be required to provide additional funds or credit support to satisfy regulatory requirements for decommissioning.
in december 2018 the nrc renewed waterford 3's operating license until 2044 and river bend's operating license until 2045.
environmental risks entergy louisiana's facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous and solid wastes, and other environmental matters. management believes that entergy louisiana is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations, with reference to possible exceptions noted in "
regulation of entergy's business
environmental regulation
" in part i, item 1. because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated.
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis critical accounting estimates the preparation of entergy louisiana's financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material effect on the presentation of entergy louisiana's financial position or results of operations.
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates inherent in accounting for nuclear decommissioning costs.
in the first quarter 2018, entergy louisiana recorded a revision to its estimated decommissioning cost liability for river bend as a result of a revised decommissioning cost study. the revised estimate resulted in an $85.4
million increase in its decommissioning cost liability, along with a corresponding increase in the related asset retirement cost asset that will be depreciated over the remaining life of the unit.
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of accounting for the effects of rate regulation.
impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments see " impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates associated with the impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments.
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion.
qualified pension and other postretirement benefits entergy louisiana's qualified pension and other postretirement reported costs, as described in note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. see the " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion. because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate.
cost sensitivity the following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension cost and qualified projected benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis impact on 2019 qualified      impact on 2018 projected actuarial assumption          change in assumption                   pension cost             qualified benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
rate of return on plan        -0.25%                                       $3,124                            $-
assets rate of increase in           0.25%                                        $1,712                        $8,597
compensation the following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost and accumulated postretirement benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2019       impact on 2018 accumulated actuarial assumption      change in assumption     postretirement benefit cost           postretirement benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
health care cost trend    0.25%                                         $1,087                           $6,610
each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant.
total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs for entergy louisiana in 2018 were $11.2 million.
entergy louisiana expects 2019 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit costs of approximately $7.2
federal healthcare legislation see " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits -
federal healthcare legislation
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of federal healthcare legislation.
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of the estimates associated with environmental, litigation, and other risks.
" section of note 1 to the financial statements for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements.
table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the members and board of directors of entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries opinion on the financial statements we have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries (the
"company") as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, cash flows, and changes in equity (pages 353 through 358 and applicable items in pages 53 through 237), for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2018, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the
"financial statements"). in our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the company as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2018, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america.
basis for opinion these financial statements are the responsibility of the company's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's financial statements based on our audits. we are a public accounting firm registered with the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob) and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. the company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. as part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting. accordingly, we express no such opinion.
our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries consolidated income statements for the years ended december 31,
-in thousands operating revenues electric                                                        $4,232,541       $4,246,020       $4,126,343
operating expenses operation and maintenance:
maintenance decommissioning                                                     53,736           49,457           46,944
operating income                                                   675,771          874,637          825,505
see notes to financial statements.
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the years ended december 31,
(net of tax expense of
see notes to financial statements.
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended december 31,
-in thousands operating activities net income                                                        $675,614         $316,347         $622,047
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:
non-current taxes accrued changes in working capital:
other working capital                                               (5,809  )       (30,911  )         6,462
accounts changes in provisions for estimated                                                        8,307           (8,324  )           490
losses changes in other                                                    40,765          492,696           57,579
regulatory assets changes in other                                                  (125,185  )       605,453           62,351
regulatory liabilities deferred tax rate change recognized as                                                     -       (1,207,808  )             -
regulatory liability/asset changes in pension and other                                                             (106,269  )       (32,309  )       (52,559  )
net cash flow provided by operating                                                     1,395,204        1,337,545        1,037,912
of nuclear fuel payment for purchase                                                     -                -         (474,670  )
of plant payments to storm                                                   (4,770  )        (2,110  )        (1,063  )
account changes in                                                          (1,655  )           880              351
trust fund sales investment in nuclear decommissioning                                                 (1,097,204  )      (266,592  )      (257,209  )
trust funds changes in money pool                                              (35,672  )        11,330          (16,349  )
receivable - net proceeds from sale of                                               11,987                -                -
of assets litigation proceeds for reimbursement of                                                     -                -           57,934
activities financing activities proceeds from the issuance of long-term                                            2,319,799          733,344        2,450,063
debt retirement of                                                   (1,664,354  )      (407,736  )    (1,488,870  )
long-term debt changes in short-term                                              (43,540  )        39,746          (56,562  )
beginning of period cash and cash equivalents at end of                                              $43,364          $35,907         $213,850
period supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
interest - net of                                                 $272,335         $266,871         $324,456
amount capitalized income taxes                                                     ($105,157  )     ($234,199  )      $156,605
see notes to financial statements.
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets assets december 31,
customer                                                                           199,903           254,308
membership interests decommissioning trust funds                                                      1,284,996         1,312,073
other regulatory assets (includes securitization property of $49,753
as of                                                                            1,105,077         1,145,842
december 31, 2018 and $71,367 as of december 31, 2017)
see notes to financial statements.
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets liabilities and equity december 31,
customer deposits                                                                  155,314           150,623
current portion of unprotected excess                                                                              31,457                 -
liabilities long-term debt (includes securitization bonds of $55,682 as of december 31,                                              6,805,766         5,469,069
and $77,736 as of december 31,
see notes to financial statements.
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries consolidated statements of changes in equity for the years ended december
see notes to financial statements.
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries selected financial data -
-in thousands operating                                $4,296,320     $4,300,550     $4,177,048     $4,417,146     $4,740,504
-dollars in millions electric operating revenues:
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis internal restructuring in march 2018, entergy mississippi filed an application with the mpsc seeking authorization to undertake a restructuring that would result in the transfer of substantially all of the assets and operations of entergy mississippi to a new entity, which would ultimately be held by an existing entergy subsidiary holding company. in september 2018, entergy mississippi and the mississippi public utilities staff entered into and filed a joint stipulation regarding the restructuring filing. in september 2018 the mpsc issued an order accepting the stipulation in its entirety and approving the restructuring and credits of $27 million to retail customers over six years, consisting of annual payments of $4.5 million for the years 2019-2024. entergy mississippi also received the required ferc approval.
in november 2018, entergy mississippi undertook a multi-step restructuring, including the following:
•  entergy mississippi, inc. redeemed its outstanding preferred stock, at the aggregate redemption price of approximately$21.2 million.
under the texas business organizations code (txboc), entergy mississippi, inc. allocated substantially all of its assets to a new subsidiary, entergy mississippi power and light, llc, a texas limited liability
•  company (entergy mississippi power and light), and entergy mississippi power and light assumed substantially all of the liabilities of entergy mississippi, inc., in a transaction regarded as a merger under the txboc.
•  affiliate (entergy utility holding company, llc, a texas limited liability company and subsidiary of entergy corporation).  as a result of the contribution, entergy mississippi power and light is a wholly-owned subsidiary of entergy utility holding company, llc.
in december 2018, entergy mississippi, inc. changed its name to entergy utility enterprises, inc., and entergy mississippi power and light then changed its name to entergy mississippi, llc. entergy mississippi, llc holds substantially all of the assets, and assumed substantially all of the liabilities, of entergy mississippi, inc. the restructuring was accounted for as a transaction between entities under common control.
results of operations net income
net income increased $16 million primarily due to a lower effective income tax rate and higher net revenue, after excluding the effect of the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers which is offset in income taxes. the increase is partially offset by higher other operation and maintenance expenses, higher depreciation and amortization expenses, and higher taxes other than income taxes.
net income increased $0.8 million primarily due to higher other income, lower other operation and maintenance expenses, and lower interest expense, substantially offset by higher depreciation and amortization expenses and a higher effective income tax rate.
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis net revenue
net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2)
purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges (credits). following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2018 to 2017.
return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred          (153.0  )
income taxes to customers provision for formula rate plan look-back                    (9.3  )
the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers is due to a regulatory charge recorded in june 2018 that resulted in a $127.2 million reduction in net utility plant and the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes through customer bill credits over a three-month period from july 2018 through september 2018, each per an agreement approved by the mpsc in june 2018, resulting from the stipulation related to the effects of the tax cuts and jobs act. there is no effect on net income as the reductions in net revenue are offset by a reduction in income tax expense. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of regulatory activity regarding the tax cuts and jobs act.
2019. the provision reflects the estimate of the difference between the 2018 earned rate of return on rate base and an established performance-adjusted benchmark rate of return under the formula rate plan performance-adjusted bandwidth mechanism.
the retail electric price variance is primarily due to higher storm damage rider revenues. entergy mississippi resumed billing the storm damage rider effective with the september 2017 billing cycle and ceased billing the storm damage rider effective with the august 2018 billing cycle. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the storm damage rider.
the volume/weather variance is primarily due to an increase of 643 gwh, or 5%, in billed electricity usage, including the effect of more favorable weather on residential sales.
net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2)
purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory credits. following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2017 to 2016.
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis amount
the volume/weather variance is primarily due to the effect of less favorable weather on residential and commercial sales.
the retail electric price variance is primarily due to a $19.4 million net annual increase in rates, effective with the first billing cycle of july 2016, and an increase in the energy efficiency rider, effective with the first billing cycle of february 2017, each as approved by the mpsc. the increase was partially offset by decreased storm damage rider revenues due to resetting the storm damage provision to zero beginning with the november 2016 billing cycle. entergy mississippi resumed billing the storm damage rider effective with the september 2017 billing cycle.
see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the formula rate plan and the storm damage rider.
other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to:
a $5.8 million loss on the sale of fuel oil inventory per an agreement approved by the mpsc in june 2018
•  resulting from the stipulation related to the effects of the tax act.  there is no effect on net income as the loss on the sale of fuel oil inventory is offset by a reduction in income tax expense.  see note 2 to the financial statements for discussion of the agreement;
•  an increaseof $5.2 million in storm damage provisions.  see note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of storm cost recovery;
•  an increase of $3.1 million in fossil-fueled generation expenses primarily due to an overall higher scope of work done during plant outages;
•  an increase of $2.7 million in customer service costs primarily due to write-offs of customer accounts and higher contract costs; and
•  an increase of $2.1 million in vegetation maintenance costs.
the increase was partially offset by a decrease of $2.4 million in compensation and benefits costs primarily due to lower incentive-based compensation accruals in 2018 as compared to 2017.
taxes other than income taxes increased primarily due to an increase in ad valorem taxes and an increase in local franchise taxes. ad valorem taxes increased primarily due to higher assessments and higher millage rates. local franchise taxes increased primarily due to higher residential and commercial revenues in 2018 as compared to 2017.
depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to additions to plant in service.
interest expense increased primarily due to the issuance of $150 million of 3.25% series first mortgage bonds in november 2017.
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis
other operation and maintenance expenses decreased primarily due to:
a decrease of $12 million in fossil-fueled generation expenses primarily due to lower long-term service
•  agreement costs and a lower scope of work done during plant outages in 2017 as compared to the same period in 2016; and
•  a decrease of $3.6 million in storm damage provisions.  see note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of storm cost recovery.
the decrease was partially offset by an increase of $4.8 million in energy efficiency costs and an increase of $2.7
million in compensation and benefits costs primarily due to higher incentive-based compensation accruals in 2017 as compared to the prior year.
depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to additions to plant in service.
to the financial statements for further discussion of the opportunity sales proceeding.
interest expense decreased primarily due to the refinancing at lower interest rates of certain first mortgage bonds in 2016 and the retirement, at maturity, of $125 million of 3.25% series first mortgage bonds in june 2016. see note 5 to the financial statements for details of long-term debt.
income taxes the effective income tax rates for 2018, 2017, and 2016 were (41,237%) , 40.2%, and 36.9%, respectively. the difference in the effective income tax rate of (41,237%) versus the federal statutory rate of 21% for 2018 was primarily due to the flow through of excess accumulated deferred income taxes. see note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rates of 21% for 2018 and 35% for 2017 and 2016 to the effective income tax rates.
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the tax cuts and jobs act, the federal income tax legislation enacted in december 2017. note 3 to the financial statements contains additional discussion of the effect of the act on 2017 and 2018 results of operations and financial position, the provisions of the act, and the uncertainties associated with accounting for the act, and note 2 to the financial statements discusses the regulatory proceedings that have considered the effects of the act.
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis liquidity and capital resources cash flow cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2018 , 2017 , and 2016 were as follows:
of period net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                              418,382        226,585        212,280
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at end of               $36,954         $6,096        $76,834
period operating activities net cash flow provided by operating activities increased $191.8 million in 2018 primarily due to:
the receipt of $36.2 million from entergy arkansas as a result of a compliance filing made in response to
•  the ferc's october 2018 order in the entergy arkansas opportunity sales proceeding.  see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the opportunity sales proceeding;
•  the timing of collection of receivables from customers;
•  the timing of recovery of fuel and purchased power costs;
•  $26.2 million in proceeds from the sale of fuel oil inventory in 2018;
•  the effect of favorable weather on billed sales; and
•  the timing of collection of storm damage rider revenues.  see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the storm damage rider.
the increase was partially offset by the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of regulatory activity regarding the tax cuts and jobs act.
net cash flow provided by operating activities increased $14.3 million in 2017 primarily due to the timing of recovery of fuel and purchased power costs in 2017 as compared to 2016 and an increase of $12.6 million in income tax refunds in 2017 as compared to 2016. entergy mississippi had income tax refunds in 2017 and 2016 in accordance with an intercompany income tax allocation agreement. the 2017 income tax refunds were primarily due to the utilization of entergy mississippi's federal net operating losses and state income tax refunds resulting from the carryback of net operating losses. the increase was partially offset by the timing of payments to vendors.
•  an increase of $9 million in information technology construction expenditures primarily due to increased spending on various technology projects;
•  an increase of $8.4 million in distribution construction expenditures primarily due to increased spending on advanced metering infrastructure; and
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis
the increase was partially offset by:
•  a decrease of $35.7 million in transmission construction expenditures primarily due to a lower scope of work performed in 2018;
•  a decrease of $17.1 million in fossil-fueled generation construction expenditures primarily due to a lower scope of work performed in 2018; and
•  a decrease of $15.2 million in storm spending in 2018.
increases in entergy mississippi's receivable from the money pool are a use of cash flow, and entergy mississippi's receivable from the money pool increased by $39.7 million in 2018 compared to decreasing by $9 million in 2017. the money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the utility subsidiaries' need for external short-term borrowings.
•  an increase of $48.4 million in transmission construction expenditures primarily due to a higher scope of work performed in 2017 as compared to 2016;
•  an increase of $39.2 million in fossil-fueled generation construction expenditures primarily due to a higher scope of work performed in 2017 as compared to 2016; and an increase of $30.2 million in distribution construction expenditures primarily due to an increase in storm
•  spending in 2017 as compared to 2016 and increased spending on digital technology improvements within the customer contact centers.
•  the issuance of $150 million of 3.25% series first mortgage bonds in november 2017; and the redemption of $20 million of preferred stock in 2018 in connection with the internal restructuring.  see
•  note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the internal restructuring and note 6 to the financial statements for details of preferred stock activity.
the decrease was partially offset by:
•  the issuance of $55 million of 4.52% series first mortgage bonds in december 2018;
•  a decrease of $16 million in common equity distributions paid in 2018 resulting from entergy mississippi's historical and planned capital investments; and
•  an increase in advances received from customers for transmission projects.
net cash flow provided by financing activities increased $111.5 million in 2017 primarily due to the issuance of
$150 million of 3.25% series first mortgage bonds in november 2017 and the redemption of $30 million of preferred stock in 2016, partially offset by the net issuance of $61.4 million of long-term debt in 2016.
see note 5 to the financial statements for details on long-term debt.
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis capital structure entergy mississippi's debt to capital ratio is balanced between equity and debt, as shown in the following table.
debt to capital             50.6  %                   51.5  %
effect of subtracting cash  (0.7  %)                  (0.2  %)
net debt to net capital     49.9  %                   51.3  %
net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. debt consists of short-term borrowings and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion. capital consists of debt, preferred stock without sinking fund, and common equity. net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. entergy mississippi uses the debt to capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy mississippi's financial condition. entergy mississippi uses the net debt to net capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy mississippi's financial condition because net debt indicates entergy mississippi's outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand.
entergy mississippi seeks to optimize its capital structure in accordance with its regulatory requirements and to control its cost of capital while also maintaining equity capitalization at a level consistent with investment-
grade debt ratings. to the extent that operating cash flows are in excess of planned investments, cash may be used to reduce outstanding debt or may be paid as a distribution, or both, in appropriate amounts to maintain the targeted capital structure. to the extent that operating cash flows are insufficient to support planned investments, entergy mississippi may issue incremental debt or reduce distributions, or both, to maintain its targeted capital structure. in addition, in certain infrequent circumstances, such as large transactions that would materially alter the capital structure if financed entirely with debt and reducing distributions, entergy mississippi may receive equity contributions to maintain the targeted capital structure.
uses of capital entergy mississippi requires capital resources for:
•  construction and other capital investments;
•  working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel and purchased power costs; and
following are the amounts of entergy mississippi's planned construction and other capital investments.
-in millions planned construction and capital investment:
generation                                  $405     $50    $225
utility support                               75      55      35
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis following are the amounts of entergy mississippi's existing debt obligations and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments) and other purchase obligations.
operating leases                      $9          $16           $9            $4       $38
(a)  includes estimated interest payments.  long-term debt is discussed in note 5 to the financial statements.
(b)  obligations to purchase goods or services.  for entergy mississippi, almost all of the total consists of unconditional fuel and purchased power obligations, including its obligations under the unit power sales agreement, which is discussed in note 8 to the financial statements.
in addition to the contractual obligations given above, entergy mississippi currently expects to contribute approximately $7.7 million to its qualified pension plans and approximately $123 thousand to other postretirement health care and life insurance plans in 2019, although the 2019 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2019 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2019. see "
- qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " below for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.
also, in addition to the contractual obligations, entergy mississippi has $30.5 million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest net of unused tax attributes for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. see note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits.
in addition to routine capital spending to maintain operations, the planned capital investment estimate for entergy mississippi includes amounts associated with specific investments such as the choctaw generating station and the sunflower solar facility, each discussed below; transmission projects to enhance reliability, reduce congestion, and enable economic growth; distribution spending to enhance reliability and improve service to customers, including advanced meters and related investments; resource planning, including potential generation projects;
system improvements; software and security; and other investments. estimated capital expenditures are subject to periodic review and modification and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory constraints and requirements, environmental compliance, business opportunities, market volatility, economic trends, business restructuring, changes in project plans, and the ability to access capital.
as a wholly-owned subsidiary of entergy utility holding company, llc, entergy mississippi pays distributions from its earnings at a percentage determined monthly.
choctaw generating station in august 2018, entergy mississippi announced that it signed an asset purchase agreement to acquire from a subsidiary of genon energy inc. the choctaw generating station, an 810 mw natural gas fired combined-cycle turbine plant located near french camp, mississippi. the purchase price is expected to be approximately $314 million.
entergy mississippi also expects to invest in various plant upgrades at the facility after closing and expects the total cost of the acquisition to be approximately $401 million. the purchase is contingent upon, among other things, obtaining necessary approvals, including full cost recovery, from applicable federal and state regulatory and permitting agencies. these include regulatory approvals from the mpsc and the ferc. clearance under the hart-
scott-rodino antitrust improvements act has occurred. in october 2018, entergy mississippi filed an application with the mpsc seeking approval of the acquisition and cost recovery. in a separate filing in october 2018, entergy mississippi proposed revisions to its formula rate plan that would provide for a mechanism, the interim capacity rate adjustment mechanism,
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis in the formula rate plan to recover the non-fuel related costs of additional owned capacity acquired by entergy mississippi, including the non-fuel annual ownership costs of the choctaw generating station, as well as to allow similar cost recovery treatment for other future capacity additions approved by the mpsc. closing is expected to occur by the end of 2019.
sunflower solar facility in november 2018, entergy mississippi announced that it signed an agreement for the purchase of an approximately
100 mw to-be-constructed solar photovoltaic facility that will be sited on approximately 1,000 acres in sunflower county, mississippi. the estimated base purchase price is approximately $138.4 million. the estimated total investment, including the base purchase price and other related costs, for entergy mississippi to acquire the sunflower solar facility is approximately $153.2 million. the purchase is contingent upon, among other things, obtaining necessary approvals, including full cost recovery, from applicable federal and state regulatory and permitting agencies. the project will be built by sunflower county solar project, llc, a sub-subsidiary of recurrent energy, llc. entergy mississippi will purchase the facility upon mechanical completion and after the other purchase contingencies have been met. in december 2018, entergy mississippi filed a joint petition with sunflower solar project at the mpsc for sunflower solar project to construct and for entergy mississippi to acquire and thereafter own, operate, improve, and maintain the solar facility. entergy mississippi has proposed revisions to its formula rate plan that would provide for a mechanism, the interim capacity rate adjustment mechanism, in the formula rate plan to recover the non-fuel related costs of additional owned capacity acquired by entergy mississippi, including the annual ownership costs of the sunflower solar facility. closing is expected to occur by the end of 2021.
in november 2016, entergy mississippi filed an application seeking an order from the mpsc granting a certificate of public convenience and necessity and finding that entergy mississippi's deployment of ami is in the public interest. entergy mississippi proposed to replace existing meters with advanced meters that enable two-way data communication; to design and build a secure and reliable network to support such communications; and to implement support systems. ami is intended to serve as the foundation of entergy mississippi's modernized power grid. the filing included an estimate of implementation costs for ami of $132 million. the filing identified a number of quantified and unquantified benefits, and entergy mississippi provided a cost benefit analysis showing that its ami deployment is expected to produce a nominal benefit to customers of $496 million over a 15-year period, which when netted against the costs of ami results in $183 million of net customer benefits. entergy mississippi also sought to continue to include in rate base the remaining book value, approximately $56 million at december 31, 2015, of existing meters that will be retired as part of the ami deployment and also to depreciate those assets using current depreciation rates. entergy mississippi proposed a 15-year depreciable life for the new advanced meters, the three-year deployment of which is expected to begin in 2019, subject to approval by the mpsc. deployment of the communications network began in 2018. entergy mississippi proposed to include the ami deployment costs and the quantified benefits in existing rate mechanisms, primarily through future formula rate plan filings and/or future energy cost recovery rider schedule re-determinations, as applicable. in may 2017 the mississippi public utilities staff and entergy mississippi entered into and filed a joint stipulation supporting entergy mississippi's filing, and the mpsc issued an order approving the filing without material changes, finding that entergy mississippi's deployment of ami is in the public interest and granting a certificate of public convenience and necessity. the mpsc order also confirmed that entergy mississippi shall continue to include in rate base the remaining book value of existing meters that will be retired as part of the ami deployment and also to depreciate those assets using current depreciation rates. in june 2018, as part of the order approving the joint stipulation between the mississippi public utilities staff and entergy mississippi addressing entergy mississippi's 2018 formula rate plan evaluation report and the ratemaking effects of the tax act, the mpsc approved the acceleration of the recovery of substantially all of entergy mississippi's existing customer meters in anticipation of ami deployment.
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis sources of capital entergy mississippi's sources to meet its capital requirements include:
•  internally generated funds;
•  capital contributions; and
•  bank financing under new or existing facilities.
entergy mississippi may refinance, redeem, or otherwise retire debt prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest rates are favorable.
all debt and preferred membership interest issuances by entergy mississippi require prior regulatory approval. debt issuances are also subject to issuance tests set forth in its bond indenture and other agreements. entergy mississippi has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs.
entergy mississippi's receivables from the money pool were as follows as of december 31 for each of the following years.
see note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool.
entergy mississippi has three separate credit facilities in the aggregate amount of $82.5 million scheduled to expire in may 2019. no borrowings were outstanding under the credit facilities as of december 31, 2018. in addition, entergy mississippi is a party to an uncommitted letter of credit facility as a means to post collateral to support its obligations to miso. as of december 31, 2018, $16.7 million of letters of credit were outstanding under entergy mississippi's uncommitted letter of credit facility. see note 4 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the credit facilities.
entergy mississippi obtained authorization from the ferc through november 2020 for short-term borrowings not to exceed an aggregate amount of $175 million at any time outstanding and long-term borrowings and security issuances.
see note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of entergy mississippi's short-term borrowing limits.
state and local rate regulation and fuel-cost recovery the rates that entergy mississippi charges for electricity significantly influence its financial position, results of operations, and liquidity. entergy mississippi is regulated and the rates charged to its customers are determined in regulatory proceedings. a governmental agency, the mpsc, is primarily responsible for approval of the rates charged to customers.
formula rate plan filings in march 2016, entergy mississippi submitted its formula rate plan 2016 test year filing showing entergy mississippi's projected earned return for the 2016 calendar year to be below the formula rate plan bandwidth. the filing showed a $32.6 million rate increase was necessary to reset entergy mississippi's earned return on common equity to the specified point of adjustment of 9.96% , within the formula rate plan bandwidth. in june 2016 the mpsc approved entergy mississippi's joint stipulation with the mississippi public utilities staff. the joint stipulation
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis provided for a total revenue increase of $23.7 million . the revenue increase included a $19.4 million increase through the formula rate plan, resulting in a return on common equity point of adjustment of 10.07% . the revenue increase also included $4.3 million in incremental ad valorem tax expenses to be collected through an updated ad valorem tax adjustment rider. the revenue increase and ad valorem tax adjustment rider were effective with the july
in march 2017, entergy mississippi submitted its formula rate plan 2017 test year filing and 2016 look-back filing showing entergy mississippi's earned return for the historical 2016 calendar year and projected earned return for the 2017 calendar year to be within the formula rate plan bandwidth, resulting in no change in rates. in june 2017, entergy mississippi and the mississippi public utilities staff entered into a stipulation that confirmed that entergy mississippi's earned returns for both the 2016 look-back filing and 2017 test year were within the respective formula rate plan bandwidths. in june 2017 the mpsc approved the stipulation, which resulted in no change in rates.
in march 2018, entergy mississippi submitted its formula rate plan 2018 test year filing and 2017 look-back filing showing entergy mississippi's earned return for the historical 2017 calendar year and projected earned return for the 2018 calendar year, in large part as a result of the lower federal corporate income tax rate effective in 2018, to be within the formula rate plan bandwidth, resulting in no change in rates. in june 2018, entergy mississippi and the mississippi public utilities staff entered into a stipulation that confirmed that entergy mississippi's earned returns for both the 2017 look-back filing and 2018 test year were within the respective formula rate plan bandwidths. in june 2018 the mpsc approved the stipulation, which resulted in no change in rates. see note 2 to the financial statements for additional discussion regarding the treatment of the effects of the lower federal corporate income tax rate.
entergy mississippi's formula rate plan includes a look-back evaluation report filing in march 2019 that will compare actual 2018 results to the performance-adjusted allowed return on rate base. in fourth quarter 2018, entergy mississippi recorded a provision of $9.3 million that reflects the estimate of the difference between the
2018 earned rate of return on rate base and an established performance-adjusted benchmark rate of return under the formula rate plan performance-adjusted bandwidth mechanism.
in october 2018, entergy mississippi proposed revisions to its formula rate plan that would provide for a mechanism, the interim capacity rate adjustment mechanism, in the formula rate plan to recover the non-fuel related costs of additional owned capacity acquired by entergy mississippi, including the non-fuel annual ownership costs of the choctaw generating station, as well as to allow similar cost recovery treatment for other future capacity additions, such as the sunflower solar facility, that are approved by the mpsc.
internal restructuring see "
internal restructuring
" above for additional discussion of entergy mississippi's internal restructuring. in december 2018, entergy mississippi filed its notice of intent to implement the restructuring credit rider to allow entergy mississippi to return credits of $27 million to retail customers over six years. in january 2019 the mpsc approved the proposed restructuring credit adjustment factor, which is effective for bills rendered beginning february 2019.
fuel and purchased power cost recovery entergy mississippi's rate schedules include an energy cost recovery rider that is adjusted annually to reflect accumulated over- or under-recoveries. entergy mississippi's fuel cost recoveries are subject to annual audits conducted pursuant to the authority of the mpsc.
in november 2015, entergy mississippi filed its annual redetermination of the annual factor to be applied under the energy cost recovery rider. the calculation of the annual factor included a projected over-recovery balance of $48
million projected through january 31, 2016. in january 2016 the mpsc approved the redetermined annual factor effective february 1, 2016. the mpsc further ordered, however, that due to the significant change in natural gas price forecasts since entergy mississippi's filing in november 2015 entergy mississippi should file a revised fuel
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis factor with the mpsc no later than february 1, 2016. pursuant to that order, entergy mississippi submitted a revised fuel factor. additionally, because entergy mississippi's projected over-recovery balance for the period ending january 31, 2016 was $68 million, in february 2016, entergy mississippi filed for another interim adjustment to the energy cost factor effective april 2016 to flow through to customers the projected over-recovery balance over a six-month period. that interim adjustment was approved by the mpsc in february 2016 effective for april 2016
in november 2016, entergy mississippi filed its annual redetermination of the annual factor to be applied under the energy cost recovery rider. the calculation of the annual factor included an over-recovery of less than $2 million as of september 30, 2016. also, in january 2017 the mpsc approved the annual factor effective with february 2017
bills. also in january 2017 the mpsc certified to the mississippi legislature the audit reports of its independent auditors for the fuel year ending september 30, 2016. in its order, the mpsc expressly reserved the right to review and determine the recoverability of any and all purchased power expenditures made during fiscal year 2016. the mpsc hired independent auditors to conduct an annual operations audit and a financial audit. the independent auditors issued their audit reports in december 2017. the audit reports included several recommendations for action by entergy mississippi but did not recommend any cost disallowances. in january 2018 the mpsc certified the audit reports to the mississippi legislature. in november 2017 the public utilities staff separately engaged a consultant to review the outage at the grand gulf nuclear station that began in 2016. the review is currently in progress.
in november 2017, entergy mississippi filed its annual redetermination of the annual factor to be applied under the energy cost recovery rider. the calculation of the annual factor included an under-recovery of approximately $61.5
million as of september 30, 2017. entergy mississippi proposed a two-tiered energy cost factor designed to promote overall rate stability throughout 2018 particularly during the summer months. in january 2018 the mpsc approved the proposed energy cost factors effective for february 2018 bills.
in november 2018, entergy mississippi filed its annual redetermination of the annual factor to be applied under the energy cost recovery rider. the calculation of the annual factor included an under-recovery of approximately $57
million as of september 30, 2018. in january 2019 the mpsc approved the proposed energy cost factor effective for february 2019 bills.
mississippi attorney general complaint the mississippi attorney general filed a complaint in state court in december 2008 against entergy corporation, entergy mississippi, entergy services, and entergy power alleging, among other things, violations of mississippi statutes, fraud, and breach of good faith and fair dealing, and requesting an accounting and restitution. the complaint is wide ranging and relates to tariffs and procedures under which entergy mississippi purchases power not generated in mississippi to meet electricity demand. entergy believes the complaint is unfounded. in december 2008
the defendant entergy companies removed the attorney general's lawsuit to u.s. district court in jackson, mississippi. in june 2010 the mpsc authorized the deferral of certain legal expenses associated with this litigation until it is resolved. as of december 31, 2018, entergy mississippi has a regulatory asset of $23.6
storm cost recovery filings with retail regulators entergy mississippi has approval from the mpsc to collect a storm damage provision of $1.75 million per month. if entergy mississippi's accumulated storm damage provision balance exceeds $15 million , the collection of the storm damage provision ceases until such time that the accumulated storm damage provision becomes less than $10 million .
as of april 30, 2016, entergy mississippi's storm damage provision balance was less than $10 million , therefore entergy mississippi resumed billing the monthly storm damage provision effective with june 2016 bills. as of september 30, 2016, however, entergy mississippi's storm damage provision balance exceeded $15 million .
accordingly the storm damage provision was reset to zero beginning with november 2016 bills. as of july 31, 2017, the balance in entergy mississippi's accumulated storm damage provision was again less than $10 million , therefore
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis entergy mississippi resumed billing the monthly storm damage provision effective with september 2017 bills. as of june 30, 2018, entergy mississippi's storm damage provision balance exceeded $15 million . accordingly the storm damage provision was reset to zero beginning with august 2018 bills.
rate, cost-recovery, and other regulation
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis and note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of federal regulation.
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of nuclear matters.
environmental risks entergy mississippi's facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous and solid wastes, and other environmental matters. management believes that entergy mississippi is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations, with reference to possible exceptions noted in "
regulation of entergy's business
environmental regulation
" in part i, item 1. because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of entergy mississippi's financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and there is the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material impact on the presentation of entergy mississippi's financial position or results of operations.
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of accounting for the effects of rate regulation.
impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments see " impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates associated with the impairment of long-lived assets.
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion.
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis qualified pension and other postretirement benefits entergy mississippi's qualified pension and other postretirement reported costs, as described in note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. see the " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion. because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate.
cost sensitivity the following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension cost and qualified projected benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2019 qualified      impact on 2018 projected actuarial assumption          change in assumption                   pension cost             qualified benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
rate of return on plan        -0.25%                                         $823                            $-
assets rate of increase in           0.25%                                          $392                        $1,940
compensation the following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost and accumulated postretirement benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2019       impact on 2018 accumulated actuarial assumption      change in assumption     postretirement benefit cost           postretirement benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
health care cost trend    0.25%                                           $248                           $1,617
each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant.
total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income for entergy mississippi in 2018 was $1.5
million. entergy mississippi expects 2019 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income of approximately $425 thousand. entergy mississippi contributed $87 thousand to its other postretirement plans in 2018
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc management's financial discussion and analysis federal healthcare legislation see " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits -
federal healthcare legislation
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of federal healthcare legislation.
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of the estimates associated with environmental, litigation, and other risks.
" section of note 1 to the financial statements for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements.
table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the members and board of directors of entergy mississippi, llc opinion on the financial statements we have audited the accompanying balance sheets of entergy mississippi, llc (the "company") as of december 31, 2018
and 2017, the related statements of income, cash flows and changes in member's equity (pages 376 through 380 and applicable items in pages 53 through 237), for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2018, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). in our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the company as of december 31, 2018
and 2017, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2018, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america.
basis for opinion these financial statements are the responsibility of the company's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's financial statements based on our audits. we are a public accounting firm registered with the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob) and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. the company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. as part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting. accordingly, we express no such opinion.
our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc income statements for the years ended december 31,
-in thousands operating revenues electric                                                        $1,335,112       $1,198,229       $1,094,649
operating expenses operation and maintenance:
maintenance taxes other than                                                   101,999           95,051           94,482
operating income                                                    46,446          223,816          226,663
common equity see notes to financial statements.
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc statements of cash flows for the years ended december 31,
-in thousands operating activities net income                                                            $126,078       $110,032       $109,184
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:
non-current taxes accrued changes in assets and liabilities:
other working capital                                                   (9,902  )       5,115         (5,222  )
liabilities deferred tax rate change recognized as                                                         -       (452,429  )           -
liabilities net cash flow provided by operating                                                           418,382        226,585        212,280
construction changes in money pool                                                  (39,747  )       8,962         15,335
receivable - net payment for purchase of                                                      -         (6,958  )           -
activities financing activities proceeds from the issuance of long-term                                                   54,449        148,185        623,812
debt retirement of long-term                                                      -              -       (562,400  )
debt redemption of preferred                                                (21,208  )           -        (30,000  )
beginning of period cash and cash equivalents at end of                                                  $36,954         $6,096        $76,834
period supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
interest - net of                                                      $56,037        $47,631        $53,693
amount capitalized income taxes                                                          ($19,118  )    ($25,043  )    ($12,487  )
see notes to financial statements.
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc balance sheets assets december 31,
customer                                                                     73,205           72,039
property under capital lease                                                      -              125
see notes to financial statements.
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc balance sheets liabilities and equity december 31,
customer deposits                                                           85,085        83,654
see notes to financial statements.
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc statements of changes in member's equity for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016
see notes to financial statements.
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc selected financial data - five-year comparison
-in thousands operating                                    $1,335,112    $1,198,229    $1,094,649    $1,396,985    $1,524,193
(excluding currently maturing debt), non-current capital lease obligations, and preferred stock without sinking fund.
-dollars in millions electric operating revenues:
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management
s financial discussion and analysis results of operations net income
net income increased $8.6 million primarily due to a lower effective income tax rate and higher net revenue, after excluding the effect of the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers which is offset in income taxes, partially offset by higher other operation and maintenance expenses, lower other income, and higher depreciation and amortization expenses.
net income decreased $4.3 million primarily due to higher taxes other than income taxes, lower net revenue, and a higher effective income tax rate, partially offset by lower other operation and maintenance expenses and higher other income.
net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2)
purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges. following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2018 to 2017.
return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred           (13.4  )
income taxes to customers net gas revenue                                               2.9
the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers is primarily due to the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes through the fuel adjustment clause beginning in july 2018.
there is no effect on net income as the reduction in net revenue is offset by a reduction in income tax expense.
see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of regulatory activity regarding the tax cuts and jobs act.
the net gas revenue variance is primarily due to the effect of more favorable weather on residential and commercial sales.
the volume/weather variance is primarily due to an increase of 292 gwh, or 5%, in billed electricity usage, including the effect of more favorable weather on residential and commercial sales and a 1% increase in the average number of electric customers.
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis
net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2)
purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges. following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2017 to 2016.
the retail electric price variance is primarily due to a net decrease in the purchased power and capacity acquisition cost recovery rider. there was a decrease in the rider primarily due to credits to customers as part of the entergy new orleans internal restructuring agreement in principle, effective with the first billing cycle of june 2017, partially offset by lower credits to customers in 2017 related to the retirement of michoud units 2 and
3. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the credits associated with entergy new orleans's internal restructuring and the michoud retirement.
the volume/weather variance is primarily due to the effect of less favorable weather on residential and commercial sales, partially offset by an increase in residential and commercial usage resulting from a 1% increase in the average number of residential and commercial electric customers.
other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to:
•  an increase of $2.9 million in distribution expenses primarily due to higher contract labor costs;
•  an increase of $2.8 million in energy efficiency costs;
•  an increase of $2.2 million in gas operation expenses primarily due to higher labor costs, including contract labor;
•  an increase of $2.1 million in loss provisions;
•  an increase of $2.1 million in information technology costs primarily due to higher software maintenance costs and higher contract costs; and
•  an increase of $1.9 million in customer service costs primarily due to higher write-offs of customer accounts in 2018.
depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to additions to plant in service.
other income decreased primarily due to the accrual in fourth quarter 2018 of a $5 million settlement offer in the new orleans power station show cause proceeding. see "
liquidity and capital resources
- uses of capital
- new orleans power station " below for discussion of the new orleans power station proceedings.
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis
other operation and maintenance expenses decreased primarily due to:
a decrease of $7.9 million in fossil-fueled generation expenses primarily due to lower outage costs at power
•  block 1 of the union power station in 2017 as compared to 2016, the deactivation of michoud units 2 and 3
•  a decrease of $4.5 million in other loss provisions; and
•  a decrease of $2.8 million due to lower write-offs of uncollectible customer accounts.
the decrease was partially offset by:
•  an increase of $4 million in distribution expenses primarily due to higher labor costs, including contract labor, and higher vegetation maintenance costs; and
•  an increase of $1.3 million in energy efficiency costs.
taxes other than income taxes increased primarily due to an increase in ad valorem taxes and higher local franchise taxes. ad valorem taxes increased primarily due to higher assessments, including the assessment of arkansas ad valorem taxes on the union power station beginning in 2017. local franchise taxes increased primarily due to higher electric retail revenues in 2017 as compared to 2016.
income taxes the effective income tax rates for 2018, 2017, and 2016 were (4.8%), 42.8%, and 37.0%, respectively. the difference in the effective income tax rate of (4.8%) versus the federal statutory rate of 21% for 2018 was primarily due to the amortization of excess accumulated deferred income taxes. see note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rates of 21% for 2018 and 35% for 2017 and 2016 to the effective income tax rates.
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the tax cuts and jobs act, the federal income tax legislation enacted in december 2017. note 3 to the financial statements contains additional discussion of the effect of the act on 2017 and 2018 results of operations and financial position, the provisions of the act, and the uncertainties associated with accounting for the act, and note 2 to the financial statements discusses the regulatory proceedings that have considered the effects of the act.
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis liquidity and capital resources cash flow cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016 were as follows:
of period net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                              171,778        127,797        205,211
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at end of               $19,677        $32,741       $103,068
period operating activities net cash flow provided by operating activities increased $44 million in 2018 primarily due to:
an increase of $31.1 million in 2018 of income tax refunds.  entergy new orleans had income tax refunds in
•  2018 and 2017 in accordance with an intercompany income tax allocation agreement.  the income tax refunds in
2018 resulted from the utilization of entergy new orleans's net operating loss; and the receipt of $7 million from entergy arkansas as a result of a compliance filing made in response to the
•  ferc's october 2018 order in the entergy arkansas opportunity sales proceeding.  see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the opportunity sales proceeding.
the increase was partially offset by the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of regulatory activity regarding the tax cuts and jobs act.
net cash flow provided by operating activities decreased $77.4 million in 2017 primarily due to a decrease of $77.3
million in income tax refunds in 2017 compared to 2016 and the timing of collections of receivables from customers and payments to vendors. entergy new orleans had income tax refunds in 2017 and 2016 in accordance with an intercompany income tax allocation agreement. the 2016 income tax refunds resulted primarily from deductible temporary differences. the decrease was partially offset by an increase due to the timing of recovery of fuel and purchased power costs.
investing activities net cash flow used in investing activities increased $98.1 million in 2018 primarily due to an increase of $74.5
million in fossil-fueled generation construction expenditures due to higher spending on the new orleans power station project in 2018 as compared to 2017 and money pool activity.
increases in entergy new orleans's receivable from the money pool are a use of cash flow, and entergy new orleans's receivable from the money pool increased by $9.3 million in 2018 compared to decreasing by $1.5 million in 2017.
the money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the utility subsidiaries' need for external short-term borrowings.
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis net cash flow used in investing activities decreased $213.2 million in 2017 primarily due to the purchase of power block 1 of the union power station for approximately $237 million in march 2016. see note 14 to the financial statements for discussion of the union power station purchase. the decrease was partially offset by an increase of
$16.7 million in distribution construction expenditures primarily due to a higher scope of work performed in 2017
financing activities entergy new orleans's financing activities provided $22.8 million of cash in 2018 compared to using $88.6 million of cash in 2017 primarily due to the following activity:
•  the issuance of $60 million of 4.51% series first mortgage bonds in september 2018;
a decrease of $50.5 million in common equity distributions in 2018 as compared to 2017.  common equity distributions were lower in 2018 primarily as a result of the construction of the new orleans power station,
•  as discussed below, and the excess accumulated deferred income taxes being returned to customers as a result of the enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act in december 2017.  see note 2 to the financial statements for discussion of regulatory proceedings related to the enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act;
•  $20 million in capital contributions received from entergy corporation in 2017.  the 2017 contribution was made in consideration of entergy new orleans's upcoming capital requirements; and
•  the redemption of $19.8 million of preferred stock in 2017 in connection with the internal restructuring, as discussed below.
entergy new orleans's financing activities used $88.6 million of cash in 2017 compared to providing $131.7 million of cash in 2016 primarily due to the following activity:
•  the issuance of $110 million of 5.50% series first mortgage bonds in march 2016;
an increase of $55.5 million in common equity distributions in 2017 as compared to 2016.  common equity
•  distributions in 2017 increased primarily as a result of entergy new orleans's cash position in excess of its working capital requirements.  there were no common equity distributions in first quarter 2016 in anticipation of the purchase of power block 1 of the union power station in march 2016;
a decrease of $27.8 million in capital contributions received from entergy corporation in 2017 compared to
•  2016.  the 2017 contribution was made in consideration of entergy new orleans's upcoming capital requirements.  the 2016 contribution was made in anticipation of entergy new orleans's purchase of power block 1 of the union power station; and the redemptions of $7.8 million of 4.75% series preferred stock, $6 million of 5.56% series preferred stock,
•  and $6 million of 4.36% series preferred stock in 2017 in connection with the internal restructuring, as discussed below.
see note 14 to the financial statements for discussion of the union power station purchase.
capital structure entergy new orleans's debt to capital ratio is balanced between equity and debt as shown in the following table.
the increase in the debt to capital ratio is primarily due to the issuance of long-term debt in 2018.
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis december 31, 2018          december 31, 2017
debt to capital                           52.1  %                    51.3  %
effect of excluding securitization bonds  (3.5  %)                   (4.7  %)
debt to capital, excluding                48.6  %                    46.6  %
effect of subtracting cash                (1.2  %)                   (2.4  %)
net debt to net capital, excluding        47.4  %                    44.2  %
net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. debt consists of short-term borrowings, long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion, and the long-term payable due to an associated company. capital consists of debt and common equity. net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. entergy new orleans uses the debt to capital ratios excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes they provide useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy new orleans's financial condition because the securitization bonds are non-recourse to entergy new orleans, as more fully described in note 5 to the financial statements. entergy new orleans also uses the net debt to net capital ratio excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy new orleans's financial condition because net debt indicates entergy new orleans's outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand.
entergy new orleans seeks to optimize its capital structure in accordance with its regulatory requirements and to control its cost of capital while also maintaining equity capitalization at a level consistent with investment-
grade debt ratings. to the extent that operating cash flows are in excess of planned investments, cash may be used to reduce outstanding debt or may be paid as a distribution, or both, in appropriate amounts to maintain the targeted capital structure. to the extent that operating cash flows are insufficient to support planned investments, entergy new orleans may issue incremental debt or reduce distributions, or both, to maintain its targeted capital structure. in addition, in certain infrequent circumstances, such as large transactions that would materially alter the capital structure if financed entirely with debt and reducing distributions, entergy new orleans may receive equity contributions to maintain the targeted capital structure.
uses of capital entergy new orleans requires capital resources for:
•  construction and other capital investments;
•  working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel and purchased power costs;
following are the amounts of entergy new orleans's planned construction and other capital investments.
-in millions planned construction and capital investment:
generation                                  $110     $65    $100
utility support                               25      15      20
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis following are the amounts of entergy new orleans's existing debt and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments) and other purchase obligations.
operating leases                      $3           $4           $2            $2       $11
(a)  includes estimated interest payments.  long-term debt is discussed in note 5 to the financial statements.
(b)  obligations to purchase goods or services.  for entergy new orleans, almost all of the total consists of unconditional fuel and purchased power obligations, including its obligations under the unit power sales agreement, which is discussed in note 8 to the financial statements.
in addition to the contractual obligations given above, entergy new orleans currently expects to contribute approximately $1.8 million to its qualified pension plan and approximately $2.1 million to other postretirement health care and life insurance plans in 2019, although the 2019 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2019 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2019. see "
- qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " below for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.
also in addition to the contractual obligations, entergy new orleans has $265.9 million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest net of unused tax attributes and payments for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. see note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits.
in addition to routine capital spending to maintain operations, the planned capital investment estimate for entergy new orleans includes specific investments such as the new orleans power station discussed below; transmission projects to enhance reliability, reduce congestion, and enable economic growth; distribution spending to enhance reliability and improve service to customers, including advanced meters and related investments; system improvements; software and security; and other investments. estimated capital expenditures are subject to periodic review and modification and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory constraints and requirements, environmental compliance, business opportunities, market volatility, economic trends, business restructuring, changes in project plans, and the ability to access capital. management provides more information on long-term debt and preferred stock maturities in notes 5 and 6 to the financial statements.
as a wholly-owned subsidiary of entergy utility holding company, llc, entergy new orleans pays distributions from its earnings at a percentage determined monthly.
new orleans power station in june 2016, entergy new orleans filed an application with the city council seeking a public interest determination and authorization to construct the new orleans power station, a 226 mw advanced combustion turbine in new orleans, louisiana, at the site of the existing michoud generating facility, which was retired effective may
31, 2016. in january 2017 several intervenors filed testimony opposing the construction of the new orleans power station on various grounds. in july 2017, entergy new orleans submitted a supplemental and amending application to the city council seeking approval to construct either the originally proposed 226 mw advanced combustion turbine, or alternatively, a 128 mw unit composed of natural gas-fired reciprocating engines and a related cost recovery plan. the cost estimate for the alternative 128 mw unit is $210 million. in addition, the application renewed the commitment to pursue up to 100 mw of renewable resources to serve new orleans. in march 2018 the city council adopted a
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis resolution approving construction of the 128 mw unit. the targeted commercial operation date is mid-2020, subject to receipt of all necessary permits. in april 2018 intervenors opposing the construction of the new orleans power station filed with the city council a request for rehearing, which was subsequently denied, and a petition for judicial review of the city council's decision, and also filed a lawsuit challenging the city council's approval based on louisiana's open meeting law. in may 2018 the city council announced that it would initiate an investigation into allegations that entergy new orleans, entergy, or some other entity paid or participated in paying certain attendees and speakers in support of the new orleans power station to attend or speak at certain meetings organized by the city council. in june 2018, entergy new orleans produced documents in response to a city council resolution relating to this investigation. the city council issued a request for qualifications for an investigator and in june 2018 selected two investigators. in october 2018 the investigators for the city council released their report, concluding that individuals were paid to attend and/or speak in support of the new orleans power station and that entergy new orleans "knew or should have known that such conduct occurred or reasonably might occur." the city council held a special meeting on october 31, 2018 to allow the investigators to present the report and for the city council to consider next steps. at that meeting, the city council issued a resolution requiring entergy new orleans to show cause why it should not be fined $5 million as a result of the findings in the report. in november 2018, entergy new orleans submitted its response to the show cause resolution, disagreeing with certain characterizations and omissions of fact in the report and asserting that the city council could not legally impose the proposed fine. simultaneous with the filing of its response to the show cause resolution, entergy new orleans sent a letter to the city council re-asserting that the city council's imposition of the proposed fine would be unlawful, but acknowledging that the actions of a subcontractor, which was retained by an entergy new orleans contractor without the knowledge or contractually-required consent of entergy new orleans, were contrary to entergy's values. in that letter, entergy new orleans offered to donate $5 million to the city council to resolve the show cause proceeding. in january 2019, entergy new orleans submitted a new settlement proposal to the city council. the proposal retains the components of the first offer but adds to it a commitment to make reasonable efforts to limit the costs of the project to the $210 million cost estimate with advanced notification of anticipated cost overruns, additional reporting requirements for cost and environmental items, and a commitment regarding reliability investment and to work with the new orleans sewerage and water board to provide a reliable source of power. in february 2019 the city council approved a resolution approving the settlement proposal and allowing the construction of the new orleans power station to commence.
gas infrastructure rebuild plan in september 2016, entergy new orleans submitted to the city council a request for authorization for entergy new orleans to proceed with annual incremental capital funding of $12.5 million for its gas infrastructure rebuild plan, which would replace all of entergy new orleans's low pressure cast iron, steel, and vintage plastic pipe over a ten-year period commencing in 2017. entergy new orleans also proposed that recovery of the investment to fund its gas infrastructure replacement plan be determined in connection with its next base rate case. the city council authorized entergy new orleans to proceed with its replacement plans and established a schedule for proceedings in advance of the rate case intended to provide an opportunity for evaluation of the gas infrastructure plan that would best serve the public interest and the effect on customers of the approval of any such plan. in the course of that proceeding, the city council's advisors submitted pre-filed testimony recommending that entergy new orleans be allowed to continue with its conditioned-based approach to gas pipeline replacement to replace approximately 238
miles of low pressure pipe at a rate of approximately 25 miles per year. the city council's advisors also recommended that entergy new orleans be required to adhere to certain reporting requirements and recognized the need to address the sustained level of investment in gas infrastructure on customer bills. in september 2017, entergy new orleans filed rebuttal testimony suggesting that its recovery of future investment and customer effects would be addressed in the rate case that entergy new orleans was required to file in july 2018. the procedural schedule was suspended in order to allow for resolution of the proceeding.
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis renewables in july 2018, entergy new orleans filed an application with the city council requesting approval of three utility-
scale solar projects totaling 90 mw. if approved, the resource additions will allow entergy new orleans to make significant progress towards meeting its voluntary commitment to the city council to add up to 100 mw of renewable energy resources. the three projects include constructing a self-build solar plant in orleans parish with an output of 20 mw, acquiring a 50 mw solar facility in washington parish through a build-own-transfer acquisition, and procuring 20 mw of solar power from a project to be built in st. james parish through a power purchase agreement.
in august 2018 the city council approved a procedural schedule opening discovery that was designed to encourage settlement by december 2018. in december 2018 the city council advisors requested that entergy new orleans pursue alternative deal structures for the washington parish project and attempt to reduce costs for the 20 mw orleans parish project. the city council approved a motion to allow parties to continue settlement discussions until april
in october 2016, entergy new orleans filed an application seeking a finding from the city council that entergy new orleans's deployment of advanced electric and gas metering infrastructure is in the public interest. entergy new orleans proposed to deploy advanced meters that enable two-way data communication; design and build a secure and reliable network to support such communications; and implement support systems. ami is intended to serve as the foundation of entergy new orleans's modernized power grid. the filing included an estimate of implementation costs for ami of $75 million . the filing identified a number of quantified and unquantified benefits, and entergy new orleans provided a cost/benefit analysis showing that its combined electric and gas ami deployment is expected to produce a nominal net benefit to customers of $101 million. entergy new orleans also sought to continue to include in rate base the remaining book value, approximately $21 million at december 31, 2015, of the existing electric meters and also to depreciate those assets using current depreciation rates. entergy new orleans proposed a 15-year depreciable life for the new advanced meters, the three-year deployment of which began in 2019. deployment of the information technology infrastructure began in 2017 and deployment of the communications network began in 2018.
entergy new orleans proposed to recover the cost of ami through the implementation of a customer charge, net of certain benefits, phased in over the period 2019 through 2022. the city council's advisors filed testimony in may
2017 recommending the adoption of ami subject to certain modifications, including the denial of entergy new orleans's proposed customer charge as a cost recovery mechanism. in january 2018 a settlement was reached between the city council's advisors and entergy new orleans. in february 2018 the city council approved the settlement, which deferred cost recovery to the 2018 entergy new orleans rate case, but also stated that an adjustment for
2018-2019 ami costs can be filed in the rate case and that, for all subsequent ami costs, the mechanism to be approved in the 2018 rate case will allow for the timely recovery of such costs. in april 2018 the city council adopted a resolution directing entergy new orleans to explore the options for accelerating the deployment of ami.
in june 2018 the city council approved a one-year acceleration of ami in its service area for an incremental $4.4
sources of capital entergy new orleans's sources to meet its capital requirements include:
•  internally generated funds;
•  capital contributions; and
•  bank financing under new or existing facilities.
entergy new orleans may refinance, redeem, or otherwise retire debt prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest rates are favorable.
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis all debt and common and preferred membership interest issuances by entergy new orleans require prior regulatory approval. debt issuances are also subject to issuance tests set forth in its bond indentures and other agreements.
entergy new orleans has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs.
entergy new orleans's receivables from the money pool were as follows as of december 31 for each of the following years.
see note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool.
entergy new orleans has a credit facility in the amount of $25 million scheduled to expire in november 2021. the credit facility includes fronting commitments for the issuance of letters of credit against $10 million of the borrowing capacity of the facility. as of december 31, 2018, there were no cash borrowings and a $0.8 million letter of credit was outstanding under the facility. in addition, entergy new orleans is a party to an uncommitted letter of credit facility as a means to post collateral to support its obligations to miso. as of december 31,
2018, a $2 million letter of credit was outstanding under entergy new orleans's letter of credit facility. see note
4 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the credit facilities.
entergy new orleans obtained authorization from the ferc through october 2019 for short-term borrowings not to exceed an aggregate amount of $150 million at any time outstanding and long-term borrowings and securities issuances. see note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of entergy new orleans's short-term borrowing limits. the long-term securities issuances of entergy new orleans are limited to amounts authorized not only by the ferc, but also by the city council, and the current city council authorization extends through october
state and local rate regulation the rates that entergy new orleans charges for electricity and natural gas significantly influence its financial position, results of operations, and liquidity. entergy new orleans is regulated and the rates charged to its customers are determined in regulatory proceedings. a governmental agency, the city council, is primarily responsible for approval of the rates charged to customers.
retail rates as a provision of the settlement agreement approved by the city council in may 2015 providing for the transfer from entergy louisiana to entergy new orleans of certain assets that supported the provision of service to entergy louisiana's customers in algiers, it was agreed that, with limited exceptions, no action may be taken with respect to entergy new orleans's base rates until rates are implemented from a base rate case that must be filed for its electric and gas operations in 2018. this provision eliminated the formula rate plan applicable to algiers operations. the limited exceptions included continued implementation of the then-remaining two years of the four-
year phased-in rate increase for the algiers area and certain exceptional cost increases or decreases in the base revenue requirement. an additional provision of the settlement agreement allowed for continued recovery of the revenue requirement associated with the capacity and energy from ninemile 6 received by entergy new orleans under a power purchase agreement with entergy louisiana (algiers ppa). the settlement authorized entergy new orleans to recover the remaining revenue requirement related to the algiers ppa through base rates charged to algiers customers. the settlement also provided for continued implementation of the algiers miso recovery rider.
in addition to the algiers ppa, entergy new orleans has a separate power purchase agreement with entergy louisiana for 20% of the capacity and energy from ninemile 6 (ninemile ppa), which commenced operation in
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis december 2014. initially, recovery of the non-fuel costs associated with the ninemile ppa was authorized through a special ninemile 6 rider billed only to entergy new orleans customers outside of algiers.
in august 2015, entergy new orleans filed an application with the city council seeking authorization to proceed with the purchase of union power block 1, with an expected base purchase price of approximately $237 million , subject to adjustments, and seeking approval of the recovery of the associated costs. in november 2015 the city council issued written resolutions and an order approving an agreement in principle between entergy new orleans and city council advisors providing that the purchase of union power block 1 and related assets by entergy new orleans is prudent and in the public interest. the city council authorized expansion of the terms of the purchased power and capacity acquisition cost recovery rider to recover the non-fuel purchased power expense from ninemile 6, the revenue requirement associated with the purchase of power block 1 of the union power station, and a credit to customers of $400 thousand monthly beginning june 2016 in recognition of the decrease in other operation and maintenance expenses that would result with the deactivation of michoud units 2 and 3. in march 2016, entergy new orleans purchased power block 1 of the union power station for approximately $237 million and initiated recovery of these costs with march 2016 bills. in july 2016, entergy new orleans and the city council utility committee agreed to a temporary increase in the michoud credit to customers to a total of $1.4 million monthly for august 2016
using the remainder of the approximately $12.8 million of 2014 rough production cost equalization funds, with any remaining costs being recovered through the fuel adjustment clause. this funding methodology was modified in november 2015 when the city council directed entergy new orleans to use a combination of guaranteed customer savings related to a prior agreement with the city council and rough production cost equalization funds to cover program costs prior to recovering any costs through the fuel adjustment clause. in april 2017 the city council approved an implementation plan for the energy smart program from april 2017 through december 2019. the city council directed that the $11.8 million balance reported for energy smart funds be used to continue funding the program for entergy new orleans's legacy customers and that the energy smart algiers program continue to be funded through the algiers fuel adjustment clause, until additional customer funding is required for the legacy customers.
in september 2017, entergy new orleans filed a supplemental plan and proposed several options for an interim cost recovery mechanism necessary to recover program costs during the period between when existing funds directed to energy smart programs are depleted and when new rates from the 2018 combined rate case, which includes a cost recovery mechanism for energy smart funding, take effect (estimated to be august 2019). in december 2017 the city council approved an energy efficiency cost recovery rider as an interim funding mechanism for energy smart, subject to verification that no additional funding sources exist. in june 2018 the city council also approved a resolution recommending that entergy new orleans allocate approximately $13.5 million of benefits resulting from the tax act to energy smart. entergy new orleans is seeking approval of a permanent and stable source of funding for energy smart as part of its base rate case filed in september 2018.
in september 2018, entergy new orleans filed an electric and gas base rate case with the city council. the filing requests a 10.5% return on equity for electric operations with opportunity to earn a 10.75% return on equity through a performance adder provision of the electric formula rate plan in subsequent years under a formula rate plan, and requests a 10.75% return on equity for gas operations. the proposed electric rates in the revised filing reflect a net reduction of $20.3 million. the reduction in electric rates includes a base rate increase of $135.2
million, of which $131.5 million is associated with moving costs currently collected through fuel and other riders into base rates, plus a request for an advanced metering surcharge to recover $7.1 million associated with advanced metering infrastructure, offset by a net decrease of $31.1 million related to fuel and other riders. the filing also includes a proposed gas rate decrease of $142 thousand. entergy new orleans's rates reflect the inclusion of federal income tax reductions due to the tax act and the provisions of a previously-approved agreement in principle determining how the benefits of the
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis tax act would flow. entergy new orleans included cost of service studies for electric and gas operations for the twelve months ending december 31, 2017 and the projected twelve months ending december 31, 2018. in addition, entergy new orleans included capital additions expected to be placed into service for the period through december
31, 2019. entergy new orleans's request for a change in rates is based on the projected twelve months ending december 31, 2018.
the filing's major provisions include: (1) a new electric rate structure, which realigns the revenue requirement associated with capacity and long-term service agreement expense from certain existing riders to base revenue, provides for the recovery of the cost of advanced metering infrastructure, and partially blends rates for entergy new orleans's customers residing in algiers with customers residing in the remainder of orleans parish through a three-year phase-in; (2) contemporaneous cost recovery riders for investments in energy efficiency/demand response, incremental changes in capacity/long-term service agreement costs, grid modernization investment, and gas infrastructure replacement investment; and (3) formula rate plans for both electric and gas operations. in february
2019 the city council's advisors and several intervenors filed testimony in response to entergy new orleans's application. the city council's advisors have recommended, among other things, overall rate reductions of approximately $33 million in electric rates and $3.8 million in gas rates. certain intervenors have recommended overall rate reductions of up to approximately $49 million in electric rates and $5 million in gas rates. the procedural schedule calls for an evidentiary hearing to be held in june 2019.
internal restructuring in july 2016, entergy new orleans filed an application with the city council seeking authorization to undertake a restructuring that would result in the transfer of substantially all of the assets and operations of entergy new orleans, inc. to a new entity, which would ultimately be owned by an existing entergy subsidiary holding company.
in may 2017 the city council adopted a resolution approving the proposed internal restructuring pursuant to an agreement in principle with the city council advisors and certain intervenors. pursuant to the agreement in principle, entergy new orleans would credit retail customers $10 million in 2017, $1.4 million in the first quarter of the year after the transaction closes, and $117,500 each month in the second year after the transaction closes until such time as new base rates go into effect as a result of the then-anticipated 2018 base rate case (which has subsequently been filed). entergy new orleans began crediting retail customers in june 2017. in june 2017 the ferc approved the transaction and, pursuant to the agreement in principle, entergy new orleans will provide additional credits to retail customers of $5 million in each of the years 2018, 2019, and 2020.
in november 2017, entergy new orleans undertook a multi-step restructuring, including the following:
•  entergy new orleans, inc. redeemed its outstanding preferred stock at a price of approximately$21 million, which included a call premium of approximately$819,000, plus any accumulated and unpaid dividends.
under the texas business organizations code (txboc), entergy new orleans, inc. allocated substantially all of its assets to a new subsidiary, entergy new orleans power, llc, a texas limited liability company
•  (entergy new orleans power), and entergy new orleans power assumed substantially all of the liabilities of entergy new orleans, inc. in a transaction regarded as a merger under the txboc.  entergy new orleans, inc.
•  (entergy utility holding company, llc, a texas limited liability company and subsidiary of entergy corporation).  as a result of the contribution, entergy new orleans power is a wholly-owned subsidiary of entergy utility holding company, llc.
in december 2017, entergy new orleans, inc. changed its name to entergy utility group, inc., and entergy new orleans power then changed its name to entergy new orleans, llc. entergy new orleans, llc holds substantially all of the assets, and has assumed substantially all of the liabilities, of entergy new orleans, inc. the restructuring was accounted for as a transaction between entities under common control.
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis fuel and purchased power cost recovery entergy new orleans's electric rate schedules include a fuel adjustment tariff designed to reflect no more than targeted fuel and purchased power costs, adjusted by a surcharge or credit for deferred fuel expense arising from the monthly reconciliation of actual fuel and purchased power costs incurred with fuel cost revenues billed to customers, including carrying charges.
entergy new orleans's gas rate schedules include a purchased gas adjustment to reflect estimated gas costs for the billing month, adjusted by a surcharge or credit similar to that included in the electric fuel adjustment clause, including carrying charges.
show cause order in july 2016 the city council approved the issuance of a show cause order, which directed entergy new orleans to make a filing on or before september 29, 2016 to demonstrate the reasonableness of its actions or positions with regard to certain issues in four existing dockets that relate to entergy new orleans's: (i) storm hardening proposal; (ii) 2015 integrated resource plan; (iii) gas infrastructure rebuild proposal; and (iv) proposed sizing of the new orleans power station and its community outreach prior to the filing. in september 2016, entergy new orleans filed its response to the city council's show cause order. the city council has not established any further procedural schedule with regard to this proceeding.
reliability investigation in august 2017 the city council established a docket to investigate the reliability of the entergy new orleans distribution system and to consider implementing certain reliability standards and possible financial penalties for not meeting any such standards. in april 2018 the city council adopted a resolution directing entergy new orleans to demonstrate that it has been prudent in the management and maintenance of the reliability of its distribution system. the resolution also called for entergy new orleans to file a revised reliability plan addressing the current state of its distribution system and proposing remedial measures for increasing reliability. in june 2018, entergy new orleans filed its response to the city council's resolution regarding the prudence of its management and maintenance of the reliability of its distribution system. in july 2018, entergy new orleans filed its revised reliability plan discussing the various reliability programs that it uses to improve distribution system reliability and discussing generally the positive effect that advanced meter deployment and grid modernization can have on future reliability. entergy new orleans has retained a national consulting firm with expertise in distribution system reliability to conduct a review of entergy new orleans's distribution system reliability-
related practices and procedures and to provide recommendations for improving distribution system reliability. the report was filed with the city council in october 2018. the city council also approved a resolution that opens a prudence investigation into whether entergy new orleans was imprudent for not acting sooner to address outages in new orleans and whether fines should be imposed. in january 2019, entergy new orleans filed testimony in response to the prudence investigation and asserting that it had been prudent in managing system reliability.
rate, cost-recovery, and other regulation
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis and note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of federal regulation.
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of nuclear matters.
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis environmental risks entergy new orleans's facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous solid wastes, and other environmental matters. management believes that entergy new orleans is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations, with reference to possible exceptions noted in "
regulation of entergy's business
environmental regulation
" in part i, item 1. because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of entergy new orleans's financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and there is the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material impact on the presentation of entergy new orleans's financial position or results of operations.
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of accounting for the effects of rate regulation.
impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments see " impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates associated with the impairment of long-lived assets.
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion.
qualified pension and other postretirement benefits entergy new orleans's qualified pension and other postretirement reported costs, as described in note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. see the " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion. because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate.
cost sensitivity the following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension cost and qualified projected benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis impact on 2019 qualified      impact on 2018 projected actuarial assumption          change in assumption                   pension cost             qualified benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
rate of return on plan        -0.25%                                         $372                            $-
assets rate of increase in           0.25%                                          $162                          $746
compensation the following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost and accumulated postretirement benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2019       impact on 2018 accumulated actuarial assumption      change in assumption     postretirement benefit cost           postretirement benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
health care cost trend    0.25%                                            $44                             $788
each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant.
total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income for entergy new orleans in 2018 was $3.7
million. entergy new orleans expects 2019 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income of approximately $3.6 million. entergy new orleans contributed $3.8 million to its other postretirement plans in 2018
federal healthcare legislation see " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits -
federal healthcare legislation
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of federal healthcare legislation.
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of the estimates associated with environmental, litigation, and other risks.
" section of note 1 to the financial statements for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements.
table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the members and board of directors of entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries opinion on the financial statements we have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries (the
"company") as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, the related consolidated statements of income, cash flows, and changes in member's equity (pages 398 through 402 and applicable items in pages 53 through 237), for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2018, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). in our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the company as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2018, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america.
basis for opinion these financial statements are the responsibility of the company's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's financial statements based on our audits. we are a public accounting firm registered with the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob) and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. the company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. as part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting. accordingly, we express no such opinion.
our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries consolidated income statements for the years ended december 31,
-in thousands operating revenues electric                                                              $624,733       $631,744       $586,820
operating expenses operation and maintenance:
maintenance taxes other than income                                                 56,141         54,590         48,078
operating income                                                        74,192         96,409        100,893
common equity see notes to financial statements.
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended december 31,
-in thousands operating activities net income                                                             $53,152        $44,553        $48,849
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:
non-current taxes accrued changes in assets and liabilities:
other working capital                                                    4,146         (2,711  )       4,165
liabilities deferred tax rate change recognized as                                                         -       (111,170  )           -
liabilities net cash flow provided by operating                                                           171,778        127,797        205,211
construction payment for purchase of                                                      -              -       (237,335  )
affiliates changes in money pool                                                   (9,293  )       1,492          1,579
account changes in                                                                (770  )         283          2,882
activities financing activities proceeds from the issuance of long-term                                                   59,234              -        240,604
debt retirement of long-term                                                (11,042  )     (10,600  )    (132,526  )
debt repayment of long-term payable due to                                                          (2,077  )      (2,104  )      (4,973  )
associated company redemption of preferred                                                      -        (20,599  )           -
stock capital contributions                                                        -         20,000         47,750
beginning of period cash and cash equivalents at end of                                                  $19,677        $32,741       $103,068
period supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
interest - net of                                                      $19,840        $20,180        $19,317
amount capitalized income taxes                                                          ($39,781  )     ($8,660  )    ($85,962  )
see notes to financial statements.
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets assets december 31,
securitization recovery trust                                                         2,224            1,455
customer                                                                             43,890           51,006
other regulatory assets (includes securitization property of $60,453
as of                                                                               229,796          251,433
december 31, 2018 and $72,095 as of december 31, 2017)
see notes to financial statements.
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets liabilities and equity december 31,
customer deposits                                                                          28,667        28,442
current portion of unprotected excess                                                      25,301             -
liabilities long-term debt (includes securitization bonds of $63,620 as of december 31,                                                       467,358       418,447
and $74,419 as of december 31, 2017)
see notes to financial statements.
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries consolidated statements of changes in member's equity for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016
capital contributions from parent                                                                   47,750
capital contributions from parent                                                                   20,000
see notes to financial statements.
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries selected financial data - five-year comparison
-in thousands operating                                      $717,390      $716,070      $665,463      $671,446      $735,192
-dollars in millions electric operating revenues:
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis results of operations net income
net income increased $86.1 million primarily due to a lower effective income tax rate and higher net revenue, partially offset by higher depreciation and amortization expenses and higher other operation and maintenance expenses.
net income decreased $31.4 million primarily due to lower net revenue, higher depreciation and amortization expenses, higher other operation and maintenance expenses, and higher taxes other than income taxes.
net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2)
purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges. following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2018 to 2017.
purchased power capacity                                     17.9
return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred           (14.6  )
income taxes to customers other                                                        (1.0  )
the volume/weather variance is primarily due to an increase of 1,162 gwh, or 6%, in billed electricity usage, including the effect of more favorable weather on residential sales and an increase in industrial usage. the increase in industrial usage is primarily due to new customers in the chemicals and wood products industries and an increase in demand from cogeneration customers and mid-size to small customers.
the purchased power capacity variance is primarily due to decreased purchased power capacity costs under entergy texas's purchased power agreements with entergy louisiana.
the retail electric price variance is primarily due to a regulatory charge of $25.4 million recorded in the fourth quarter 2018 to reflect the effects of a provision in the settlement reached in the 2018 rate case proceeding, as approved by the puct, to return the benefits of the lower federal income tax rate in 2018 to customers. partially offsetting the decrease was an annual base rate increase of $53.2 million effective october 2018 and an increase in the distribution cost recovery factor rider rate in september 2017, each as approved by the puct. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the rate case and the distribution cost recovery factor rider filings.
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers resulted from the return in the fourth quarter 2018 of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes through a rider effective october 2018.
there is no effect on net income as the reduction in net revenue was offset by a reduction in income tax expense.
see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of regulatory activity regarding the tax cuts and jobs act.
net revenue consists of operating revenues net of: 1) fuel, fuel-related expenses, and gas purchased for resale, 2)
purchased power expenses, and 3) other regulatory charges. following is an analysis of the change in net revenue comparing 2017 to 2016.
purchased power capacity            (5.9  )
the net wholesale revenue variance is primarily due to lower net capacity revenues resulting from the termination of the purchased power agreements between entergy louisiana and entergy texas in august 2016.
the purchased power capacity variance is primarily due to increased expenses due to capacity cost changes for ongoing purchased power capacity contracts.
the transmission revenue variance is primarily due to a decrease in the amount of transmission revenues allocated by miso.
the reserve equalization variance is due to the absence of reserve equalization expenses in 2017 as a result of entergy texas's exit from the system agreement in august 2016. see note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of the system agreement.
the retail electric price variance is primarily due to the implementation of the transmission cost recovery factor rider in september 2016 and an increase in the transmission cost recovery factor rider rate in march 2017, each as approved by the puct. see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the transmission cost recovery factor rider filing.
other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to:
the write-off of $6 million in capitalized skylining tree hazard costs as a result of the settlement of the
•  rate case proceeding.  see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the rate case proceeding;
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis
•  an increase of $3.5 million in energy efficiency costs primarily due to the timing of recovery from customers; and
•  an increase of $1.4 million in transmission expenses primarily due to higher labor and contract costs to support industrial customers.
the increase was partially offset by a decrease of $2.8 million in compensation and benefits costs primarily due to lower incentive-based compensation accruals in 2018 as compared to 2017 and a gain of $2.1 million on the sale of assets in 2018.
depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to additions to plant in service.
other operation and maintenance expenses increased primarily due to:
•  an increase of $5.1 million in transmission and distribution expenses primarily due to higher vegetation maintenance costs;
•  an increase of $4.3 million in fossil-fueled generation expenses primarily due to a higher scope of work performed during plant outages in 2017 as compared to 2016; and
•  an increase of $2.8 million in compensation and benefits costs primarily due to higher incentive-based compensation accruals in 2017 as compared to 2016.
the increase was partially offset by a decrease of $4.5 million due to the absence of transmission equalization expenses, as allocated under the system agreement, as a result of entergy texas's exit from the system agreement in august 2016.
taxes other than income taxes increased primarily due to an increase in ad valorem taxes resulting from higher assessments and a true-up to the sales and use tax accruals recorded in 2016 resulting from an audit settlement.
depreciation and amortization expenses increased primarily due to additions to plant in service.
income taxes the effective income tax rates for 2018, 2017, and 2016 were (19.3%), 38.9%, and 37.0%, respectively. the difference in the effective income tax rate of (19.3%) versus the federal statutory rate of 21% for 2018 was primarily due to the flow through and amortization of excess accumulated deferred income taxes, along with the effect on income tax expense of the resolution of entergy texas's 2018 base rate proceeding. see note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rates of 21% for 2018 and 35% for 2017 and 2016
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the tax cuts and jobs act, the federal income tax legislation enacted in december 2017. note 3 to the financial statements contains additional discussion of the effect of the act on 2017 and 2018 results of operations and financial position, the provisions of the act, and the uncertainties associated with accounting for the act, and note 2 to the financial statements discusses the regulatory proceedings that have considered the effects of the act.
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis liquidity and capital resources cash flow cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016 were as follows:
of period net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                              331,753        301,396        306,601
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at end of                   $56       $115,513         $6,181
period operating activities net cash flow provided by operating activities increased $30.4 million in 2018 primarily due to:
the receipt of $33.2 million from entergy arkansas as a result of a compliance filing made in response to
•  the ferc's october 2018 order in the entergy arkansas opportunity sales proceeding.  see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of the entergy arkansas opportunity sales proceeding;
•  the effect of favorable weather on billed sales;
•  a decrease of $18.4 million in storm spending in 2018 as compared to 2017 primarily as a result of hurricane harvey in 2017; and a decrease of $6.1 million in pension contributions in 2018 as compared to 2017.  see "critical accounting
•  estimates" below and in note 11 to the financial statements for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.
the increase was partially offset by:
income tax payments of $20.8 million in 2018 compared to income tax refunds of $21.1 million in 2017.  the income tax payments in 2018 and the income tax refunds in 2017 were in accordance with an intercompany
•  income tax allocation agreement.  the income tax payments in 2018 primarily resulted from the settlement of the 2012-2013 irs audit.  the income tax refunds in 2017 primarily resulted from deductible temporary differences;
•  the timing of recovery of fuel and purchased power costs; and
•  the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes to customers.  see note 2 to the financial statements for further discussion of regulatory activity regarding the tax cuts and jobs act.
net cash flow provided by operating activities decreased $5.2 million in 2017 primarily due to lower net income, the timing of recovery of fuel and purchased power costs, and an increase of $13.7 million in storm spending primarily as a result of hurricane harvey. the decrease was partially offset by income tax refunds of $21.1 million in 2017 compared to income tax payments of $28.5 million in 2016. entergy texas had income tax refunds in 2017 and income tax payments in 2016 in accordance with an intercompany income tax allocation agreement. the income tax refunds in 2017 primarily resulted from deductible temporary differences. the income tax payments in 2016 resulted primarily from adjustments associated with the settlement of the 2010-2011 irs audit. see note 3 to the financial statements for a discussion of the income tax audit.
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis investing activities net cash flow used in investing activities increased $12.8 million in 2018 primarily due to an increase of $110.1
million in fossil-fueled generation construction expenditures primarily due to the increase in spending on the montgomery county power station and an increase of $13.7 million in transmission construction expenditures primarily due to a higher scope of work performed in 2018 as compared to 2017. the increase was partially offset by a decrease of $24.6 million in distribution construction expenditures primarily due to the decreased storm spending in 2018 as compared to 2017 primarily as a result of hurricane harvey and money pool activity.
decreases in entergy texas's receivable from the money pool are a source of cash flow, and entergy texas's receivable from the money pool decreased by $44.9 million in 2018 compared to increasing by $44.2 million in 2017.
the money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the utility subsidiaries' need for external short-term borrowings.
an increase of $34.9 million in distribution construction expenditures primarily due to increased storm
•  spending primarily as a result of hurricane harvey and spending on digital technology improvements within the customer contact centers;
•  an increase of $24.4 million in fossil-fueled generation construction expenditures primarily due to a higher scope of work performed in 2017 as compared to 2016; and
•  an increase of $8.5 million in spending on advanced metering infrastructure.
the increase was partially offset by a decrease of $51.7 million in transmission construction expenditures primarily due to a lower scope of work performed in 2017 as compared to 2016.
increases in entergy texas's receivable from the money pool are a use of cash flow, and entergy texas's receivable from the money pool increased by $44.2 million in 2017 compared to increasing by $0.7 million in 2016.
financing activities entergy texas's financing activities used $51.2 million of cash in 2018 compared to providing $191.1 million of cash in 2017 primarily due to the issuance of $150 million of 3.45% series first mortgage bonds in november 2017
and a $115 million capital contribution received from entergy corporation in december 2017 in anticipation of upcoming construction expenditures, partially offset by money pool activity.
increases in entergy texas's payable to the money pool are a source of cash flow, and entergy texas's payable to the money pool increased by $22.4 million in 2018.
•  a $115 million capital contribution received from entergy corporation in december 2017 in anticipation of upcoming construction expenditures;
•  the issuance of $150 million of 3.45% series first mortgage bonds in november 2017 compared to the issuance of $125 million of 2.55% series first mortgage bonds in march 2016; and
decreases in entergy texas's payable to the money pool are a use of cash flow, and entergy texas's payable to the money pool decreased by $22.1 million in 2016.
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis capital structure entergy texas's debt to capital ratio is balanced between equity and debt, as shown in the following table. the decrease in the debt to capital ratio for entergy texas is primarily due to the increase in retained earnings.
debt to capital                         51.6  %                   55.7  %
effect of excluding the securitization  (5.2  %)                  (6.3  %)
bonds debt to capital, excluding              46.4  %                   49.4  %
effect of subtracting cash                 -  %                   (2.5  %)
net debt to net capital, excluding      46.4  %                   46.9  %
net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. debt consists of long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion. capital consists of debt and common equity. net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. entergy texas uses the debt to capital ratios excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes they provide useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy texas's financial condition because the securitization bonds are non-recourse to entergy texas, as more fully described in note 5 to the financial statements. entergy texas also uses the net debt to net capital ratio excluding securitization bonds in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating entergy texas's financial condition because net debt indicates entergy texas's outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand.
entergy texas seeks to optimize its capital structure in accordance with its regulatory requirements and to control its cost of capital while also maintaining equity capitalization at a level consistent with investment-grade debt ratings. to the extent that operating cash flows are in excess of planned investments, cash may be used to reduce outstanding debt or may be paid as a dividend, or both, in appropriate amounts to maintain the targeted capital structure. to the extent that operating cash flows are insufficient to support planned investments, entergy texas may issue incremental debt or reduce dividends, or both, to maintain its targeted capital structure. in addition, entergy texas may receive equity contributions to maintain the targeted capital structure for certain circumstances such as large transactions that would materially alter the capital structure if financed entirely with debt and reduced dividends.
uses of capital entergy texas requires capital resources for:
•  construction and other capital investments;
•  working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel and purchased power costs; and
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis following are the amounts of entergy texas's planned construction and other capital investments.
-in millions planned construction and capital investment:
generation                                  $435    $260    $115
utility support                               60      35      25
following are the amounts of entergy texas's existing debt and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments) and other purchase obligations.
operating leases (b)                  $5           $8           $4            $3       $20
(a)  includes estimated interest payments.  long-term debt is discussed in note 5 to the financial statements.
(c)  obligations to purchase goods or services.  for entergy texas, it primarily includes unconditional fuel and purchased power obligations.
million to its qualified pension plans and approximately $56 thousand to other postretirement health care and life insurance plans in 2019, although the 2019 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2019 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2019. see "
- qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " below for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.
also in addition to the contractual obligations, entergy texas has $14.6 million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest net of unused tax attributes and payments for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. see note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits.
in addition to routine capital spending to maintain operations, the planned capital investment estimate for entergy texas includes specific investments such as the montgomery county power station; transmission projects to enhance reliability, reduce congestion, and enable economic growth; distribution spending to enhance reliability and improve service to customers, including advanced meters and related investments; system improvements; software and security; and other investments. estimated capital expenditures are subject to periodic review and modification and may vary based on the ongoing effects of regulatory constraints and requirements, environmental compliance, business opportunities, market volatility, economic trends, business restructuring, changes in project plans, and the ability to access capital. management provides more information on long-term debt in note 5 to the financial statements.
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis montgomery county power station in october 2016, entergy texas filed an application with the puct seeking certification that the public convenience and necessity would be served by the construction of the montgomery county power station, a nominal 993 mw combined-cycle generating unit in montgomery county, texas on land adjacent to the existing lewis creek plant. the current estimated cost of the montgomery county power station is $937 million, including approximately $111 million of transmission interconnection and network upgrades and other related costs. the independent monitor, who oversaw the request for proposal process, filed testimony and a report affirming that the montgomery county power station was selected through an objective and fair request for proposal process that showed no undue preference to any proposal. in june 2017 parties to the proceeding filed an unopposed stipulation and settlement agreement. the stipulation contemplates that entergy texas's level of cost-recovery for generation construction costs for montgomery county power station is capped at $831 million, subject to certain exclusions such as force majeure events. transmission interconnection and network upgrades and other related costs are not subject to the $831
million cap. in july 2017 the puct approved the stipulation. subject to the timely receipt of other permits and approvals, commercial operation is estimated to occur by mid-2021.
in april 2017 the texas legislature enacted legislation that extends statutory support for ami deployment to entergy texas and directs that if entergy texas elects to deploy ami, it shall do so as rapidly as practicable. in july 2017, entergy texas filed an application seeking an order from the puct approving entergy texas's deployment of ami. entergy texas proposed to replace existing meters with advanced meters that enable two-way data communication; design and build a secure and reliable network to support such communications; and implement support systems. ami is intended to serve as the foundation of entergy texas's modernized power grid. the filing included an estimate of implementation costs for ami of $132 million. the filing identified a number of quantified and unquantified benefits, with entergy texas showing that its ami deployment is expected to produce nominal net operational cost savings to customers of $33 million. entergy texas also sought to continue to include in rate base the remaining book value, approximately $41 million at december 31, 2016, of existing meters that will be retired as part of the ami deployment and also to depreciate those assets using current depreciation rates. entergy texas proposed a seven-year depreciable life for the new advanced meters, the three-year deployment of which is expected to begin in 2019. entergy texas also proposed a surcharge tariff to recover the reasonable and necessary costs it has and will incur under the deployment plan for the full deployment of advanced meters. further, entergy texas sought approval of fees that would be charged to customers who choose to opt out of receiving service through an advanced meter and instead receive electric service with a non-standard meter. in october 2017, entergy texas and other parties entered into and filed an unopposed stipulation and settlement agreement, permitting deployment of ami with limited modifications. the puct approved the stipulation and settlement agreement in december 2017.
entergy texas implemented the ami surcharge tariff beginning with january 2018 bills. as of december 31, 2018, entergy texas has a regulatory liability related to the collection of the surcharge from customers. consistent with the approval, deployment of the communications network began in 2018 and deployment of the advanced meters will begin in march 2019. entergy texas expects to recover the remaining net book value of its existing meters through a regulatory asset to be amortized at current depreciation rates.
sources of capital entergy texas's sources to meet its capital requirements include:
•  internally generated funds;
•  capital contributions; and
•  bank financing under new or existing facilities.
entergy texas may refinance, redeem, or otherwise retire debt prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis and interest and dividend rates are favorable.
all debt and common and preferred stock issuances by entergy texas require prior regulatory approval. debt issuances are also subject to issuance tests set forth in its bond indenture and other agreements. entergy texas has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs.
entergy texas's receivables from or (payables to) the money pool were as follows as of december 31 for each of the following years.
see note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool.
entergy texas has a credit facility in the amount of $150 million scheduled to expire in september 2023. the credit facility includes fronting commitments for the issuance of letters of credit against $30 million of the borrowing capacity of the facility. as of december 31, 2018, there were no cash borrowings and $1.3 million of letters of credit outstanding under the credit facility. in addition, entergy texas is a party to an uncommitted letter of credit facility as a means to post collateral to support its obligations to miso. as of december 31, 2018, a $20.9
million letter of credit was outstanding under entergy texas's letter of credit facility. see note 4 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the credit facilities.
entergy texas obtained authorizations from the ferc through november 2020 for short-term borrowings, not to exceed an aggregate amount of $200 million at any time outstanding, and long-term borrowings and security issuances. see note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of entergy texas's short-term borrowing limits.
in january 2019, entergy texas issued $300 million of 4.0% series first mortgage bonds and $400 million of 4.5%
series first mortgage bonds due march 2029 and 2039, respectively. entergy texas used the proceeds to pay, at maturity, its $500 million of 7.125% series first mortgage bonds due february 2019 and for general corporate purposes.
state and local rate regulation and fuel-cost recovery the rates that entergy texas charges for its services significantly influence its financial position, results of operations, and liquidity. entergy texas is regulated and the rates charged to its customers are determined in regulatory proceedings. the puct, a governmental agency, is primarily responsible for approval of the rates charged to customers.
2018 rate case i n may 2018, entergy texas filed a base rate case with the puct seeking an increase in base rates and rider rates of approximately $166 million, of which $48 million is associated with moving costs currently being collected through riders into base rates such that the total incremental revenue requirement increase is approximately $118
million. the base rate case was based on a 12-month test year ending december 31, 2017. in addition, entergy texas included capital additions placed into service for the period of april 1, 2013 through december 31, 2017, as well as a post-test year adjustment to include capital additions placed in service by june 30, 2018.
in october 2018 the parties filed an unopposed settlement resolving all issues in the proceeding and a motion for interim rates effective for usage on and after october 17, 2018. the unopposed settlement reflects the following terms: a base rate increase of $53.2 million (net of costs realigned from riders), a $25 million refund to reflect the lower federal income tax rate applicable to entergy texas from january 25, 2018 through the date new rates are implemented, $6 million of capitalized skylining tree hazard costs will not be recovered from customers, $242.5
million of protected
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis excess accumulated deferred income taxes, which includes a tax gross-up, will be returned to customers through base rates under the average rate assumption method over the lives of the associated assets, and $185.2 million of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes, which includes a tax gross-up, will be returned to customers through a rider. the unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes rider will include carrying charges and will be in effect over a period of 12 months for large customers and over a period of four years for other customers. the settlement also provides for the deferral of $24.5 million of costs associated with the remaining book value of the neches and sabine 2 plants, previously taken out of service, to be recovered over a ten-year period and the deferral of $20.5 million of costs associated with hurricane harvey to be recovered over a 12-year period, each beginning in october 2018. the settlement provides final resolution of all issues in the matter, including those related to the tax act. in october 2018, the alj granted the unopposed motion for interim rates to be effective for service rendered on or after october 17, 2018. in december 2018 the puct issued an order approving the unopposed settlement.
distribution cost recovery factor (dcrf) rider in june 2017, entergy texas filed an application to amend its dcrf rider by increasing the total collection from
$8.65 million to approximately $19 million. in july 2017, entergy texas, the puct staff, and the two other parties in the proceeding entered into an unopposed stipulation and settlement agreement resulting in an amended dcrf annual revenue requirement of $18.3 million. in september 2017 the puct issued its final order approving the unopposed stipulation and settlement agreement. the amended dcrf rider rates became effective for usage on and after september 1, 2017. dcrf rates were set to zero upon implementation of new base rates on october 17, 2018, as described above in the 2018 base rate case discussion.
transmission cost recovery factor (tcrf) rider in september 2015, entergy texas filed for a tcrf rider requesting a $13 million increase, incremental to base rates. testimony was filed in november 2015, with the puct staff and other parties proposing various disallowances involving, among other things, miso charges, vegetation management costs, and bad debt expenses that would reduce the requested increase by approximately $2 million . in addition to those recommended disallowances, a number of parties recommended that entergy texas's request be reduced by an additional $3.4 million to account for load growth since base rates were last set. in february 2016 a state office of administrative hearings alj issued a proposal for decision recommending that the puct disallow approximately $2 million from entergy texas's $13 million request, but recommending that the puct not accept the load growth offset. in june 2016 the puct indicated that it would take up in a future rulemaking project the issue of whether a load growth adjustment should apply to a tcrf.
in july 2016 the puct issued an order generally accepting the proposal for decision but declining to adjust the tcrf baseline in two instances as recommended by the alj, which resulted in a total annual allowance of approximately $10.5 million . the puct also ordered its staff and entergy texas to track all spare autotransformer transfers going forward so that it could address the appropriate accounting treatment and prudence of such transfers in entergy texas's next base rate case. entergy texas implemented the tcrf rider beginning with september
in september 2016, entergy texas filed with the puct a request to amend its tcrf rider. the proposed amended tcrf rider was designed to collect approximately $29.5 million annually from entergy texas's retail customers. this amount included the approximately $10.5 million annually that entergy texas was previously authorized to collect through the tcrf rider, as discussed above. in december 2016, concurrent with the 2016 fuel reconciliation stipulation and settlement agreement discussed below, entergy texas and the puct staff reached a settlement agreeing to the amended tcrf annual revenue requirement of $29.5 million . as discussed below, the terms of the two settlements are interdependent. the puct approved the settlement and issued a final order in march 2017. entergy texas implemented the amended tcrf rider beginning with bills covering usage on and after march 20, 2017. tcrf rates were set to zero upon implementation of new base rates on october 17, 2018, as discussed above in the 2018
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis in december 2018, entergy texas filed with the puct a request to set a new tcrf rider. the proposed new tcrf rider is designed to collect approximately $2.7 million annually from entergy texas's retail customers. the proceeding is currently ongoing at the puct.
fuel and purchased power cost recovery entergy texas's rate schedules include a fixed fuel factor to recover fuel and purchased power costs, including interest, not recovered in base rates. semi-annual revisions of the fixed fuel factor are made in march and september based on the market price of natural gas and changes in fuel mix. the amounts collected under entergy texas's fixed fuel factor and any interim surcharge or refund are subject to fuel reconciliation proceedings before the puct.
in july 2015 certain parties filed briefs in the open proceeding asserting that entergy texas should refund to retail customers an additional $10.9 million in bandwidth remedy payments entergy texas received related to calendar year 2006 production costs. in october 2015 an alj issued a proposal for decision recommending that the additional $10.9 million in bandwidth remedy payments be refunded to retail customers. in january 2016 the puct issued its order affirming the alj's recommendation, and entergy texas filed a motion for rehearing of the puct's decision, which the puct denied. in march 2016, entergy texas filed a complaint in federal district court for the western district of texas and a petition in the travis county (state) district court appealing the puct's decision.
the pending appeals did not stay the puct's decision. in april 2016, entergy texas filed with the puct an application to refund to customers approximately $56.2 million . the refund resulted from (i) $41.8 million of fuel cost recovery over-collections through february 2016, (ii) the $10.9 million in bandwidth remedy payments, discussed above, that entergy texas received related to calendar year 2006 production costs, and (iii) $3.5 million in bandwidth remedy payments that entergy texas received related to 2006-2008 production costs. in june 2016, entergy texas filed an unopposed settlement agreement that added additional over-recovered fuel costs for the months of march and april 2016. the settlement resulted in a $68 million refund. the alj approved the refund on an interim basis and it was made to most customers over a four-month period beginning with the first billing cycle of july 2016. in july 2016 the puct issued an order approving the interim refund. the federal appeal of the puct's january 2016 decision was heard in december 2016, and the federal district court granted entergy texas's requested relief. in january 2017 the puct and an intervenor filed petitions for appeal to the u.s. court of appeals for the fifth circuit of the federal district court ruling. oral argument was held before the fifth circuit in february
2018. in april 2018 the fifth circuit reversed the decision of the federal district court, reinstating the original puct decision. in october 2018, entergy texas filed a notice of nonsuit in its appeal to the travis county district court regarding the puct's january 2016 decision.
in july 2016, entergy texas filed an application to reconcile its fuel and purchased power costs for the period april 1, 2013 through march 31, 2016. under a recent puct rule change, a fuel reconciliation is required to be filed at least once every three years and outside of a base rate case filing. during the reconciliation period, entergy texas incurred approximately $1.77 billion in texas jurisdictional eligible fuel and purchased power expenses, net of certain revenues credited to such expenses and other adjustments. entergy texas estimated an over-
recovery balance of approximately $19.3 million , including interest, which entergy texas requested authority to carry over as the beginning balance for the subsequent reconciliation period beginning april 2016. entergy texas also noted, however, that the estimated $19.3 million over collection was being refunded to customers as a portion of the interim fuel refund beginning with the first billing cycle of july 2016, discussed above. entergy texas also requested a prudence finding for each of the fuel-related contracts and arrangements entered into or modified during the reconciliation period that have not been reviewed by the puct in a prior proceeding. in december 2016, entergy texas entered into a stipulation and settlement agreement resulting in a $6 million disallowance not associated with any particular issue raised and a refund of the over-recovery balance of $21 million as of november
30, 2016, to most customers beginning april 2017 through june 2017. this settlement was developed concurrently with the stipulation and settlement agreement in the 2016 transmission cost recovery factor rider amendment discussed above, and the terms and conditions in both settlements are interdependent. the fuel reconciliation settlement was approved by the puct in march 2017 and the refunds were made.
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis in june 2017, entergy texas filed an application for a fuel refund of approximately $30.7 million for the months of december 2016 through april 2017. for most customers, the refunds flowed through bills for the months of july 2017
in december 2017, entergy texas filed an application for a fuel refund of approximately $30.5 million for the months of may 2017 through october 2017. also in december 2017, the puct's alj approved the refund on an interim basis. for most customers, the refunds flowed through bills january 2018 through march 2018. the fuel refund was approved by the puct in march 2018.
rate, cost-recovery, and other regulation
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis and note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of federal regulation.
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of nuclear matters.
industrial and commercial customers entergy texas's large industrial and commercial customers continually explore ways to reduce their energy costs. in particular, cogeneration is an option available to a portion of entergy texas's industrial customer base. entergy texas responds by working with industrial and commercial customers and negotiating electric service contracts to provide, under existing rate schedules, competitive rates that match specific customer needs and load profiles.
entergy texas actively participates in economic development, customer retention, and reclamation activities to increase industrial and commercial demand, from both new and existing customers.
environmental risks entergy texas's facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous and solid wastes, and other environmental matters. management believes that entergy texas is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations, with reference to possible exceptions noted in "
regulation of entergy's business
environmental regulation
" in part i, item 1. because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of entergy texas's financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material effect on the presentation of entergy texas's financial position or results of operations.
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis utility regulatory accounting see "
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of accounting for the effects of rate regulation.
impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments see " impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates associated with the impairment of long-lived assets.
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion.
qualified pension and other postretirement benefits entergy texas's qualified pension and other postretirement reported costs, as described in note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. see the " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries' management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion. because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate.
cost sensitivity the following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension and qualified projected benefit obligation cost to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2019 qualified      impact on 2018 qualified actuarial assumption          change in assumption                   pension cost             projected benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
rate of return on plan        -0.25%                                         $807                            $-
assets rate of increase in           0.25%                                          $308                        $1,513
compensation the following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost and accumulated postretirement benefit obligation changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2019       impact on 2018 accumulated actuarial assumption      change in assumption     postretirement benefit cost           postretirement benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
health care cost trend    0.25%                                           $117                           $2,074
each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant.
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis costs and funding total qualified pension cost for entergy texas in 2018 was $4.2 million. entergy texas anticipates 2019 qualified pension cost to be $5.7 million. entergy texas contributed $10.9 million to its qualified pension plans in 2018 and estimates 2019 pension contributions will be approximately $1.6 million, although the 2019 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2019 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2019.
total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income for entergy texas in 2018 was $6.2 million.
entergy texas expects 2019 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income to approximate $6.9
federal healthcare legislation see " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits -
federal healthcare legislation
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of federal healthcare legislation.
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of the estimates associated with environmental, litigation, and other risks.
" section of note 1 to the financial statements for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements.
table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the shareholder and board of directors of entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries opinion on the financial statements we have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries (the
"company") as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, the related consolidated statements of income, cash flows, and changes in common equity (pages 419 through 424 and applicable items in pages 53 through 237), for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2018, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). in our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the company as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2018, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america.
basis for opinion these financial statements are the responsibility of the company's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's financial statements based on our audits. we are a public accounting firm registered with the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob) and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. the company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. as part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting. accordingly, we express no such opinion.
our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries consolidated income statements for the years ended december 31,
-in thousands operating revenues electric                                                        $1,605,902       $1,544,893       $1,615,619
operating expenses operation and maintenance:
maintenance taxes other than                                                    82,033           79,254           70,973
operating income                                                   206,426          199,558          244,556
see notes to financial statements.
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries consolidated statements of cash flows for the years ended december 31,
-in thousands operating activities net income                                                            $162,235        $76,173       $107,538
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:
non-current taxes accrued changes in assets and liabilities:
other working capital                                                    1,328         (7,852  )      (3,354  )
liabilities deferred tax rate change recognized as                                                         -       (520,547  )           -
liabilities net cash flow provided by operating                                                           331,753        301,396        306,601
construction proceeds from sale of                                                    3,753              -              -
changes in money pool                                                   44,903        (44,222  )        (681  )
receivable - net changes in                                                              (2,502  )        (232  )         710
activities financing activities proceeds from the issuance of long-term                                                        -        148,277        123,502
debt retirement of long-term                                                (74,950  )     (71,683  )     (68,593  )
debt capital contributions                                                        -        115,000              -
from parent change in money pool                                                    22,389              -        (22,068  )
beginning of period cash and cash equivalents at end of                                                      $56       $115,513         $6,181
period supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
interest - net of                                                      $85,719        $84,556        $88,489
amount capitalized income taxes                                                           $20,787       ($21,107  )     $28,523
see notes to financial statements.
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets assets december 31,
securitization recovery trust                                                        40,185           37,683
customer                                                                             69,714           74,382
other regulatory assets (includes securitization property of $236,336
of december 31, 2018 and $313,123 as of december 31, 2017)
see notes to financial statements.
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets liabilities and equity december 31,
customer deposits                                                                       43,387        40,925
current portion of unprotected excess                                                   87,627             -
liabilities long-term debt (includes securitization bonds of $283,659 as of december 31,                                                 1,013,735     1,587,150
2018 and $358,104 as of december 31,
paid-in capital                                                                        596,994       596,994
see notes to financial statements.
table of contents entergy texas, inc.
and subsidiaries consolidated statements of changes in common equity for the years ended december 31, 2018,
common equity common stock    paid-in capital    retained earnings         total
capital contributions from                                      -            115,000                    -       115,000
see notes to financial statements.
table of contents entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries selected financial data - five-year comparison
-in thousands operating                                    $1,605,902    $1,544,893    $1,615,619    $1,707,203    $1,851,982
-dollars in millions electric operating revenues:
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis system energy's principal asset currently consists of an ownership interest and a leasehold interest in grand gulf.
the capacity and energy from its 90% interest is sold under the unit power sales agreement to its only four customers, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, and entergy new orleans. system energy's operating revenues are derived from the allocation of the capacity, energy, and related costs associated with its
90% interest in grand gulf pursuant to the unit power sales agreement. payments under the unit power sales agreement are system energy's only source of operating revenues.
results of operations net income
net income increased $15.5 million primarily due to the increase in operating revenues resulting from changes in rate base, as compared to prior year, and a lower effective income tax rate.
net income decreased $18.1 million primarily due to provisions against revenue recorded in 2017 in connection with the complaint against system energy's return on equity and a higher effective income tax rate in 2017. see "
complaints against system energy
" below for further discussion of the complaint against system energy.
income taxes the effective income tax rates for 2018, 2017, and 2016 were (102.7%), 47.1%, and 42.3%, respectively. the difference in the effective income tax rate of (102.7%) versus the federal statutory rate of 21% for 2018 was primarily due to the amortization of excess accumulated deferred income taxes. the difference in the effective income tax rate of 47.1% versus the federal statutory rate of 35% for 2017 was primarily due to certain book and tax differences related to utility plant items and state income taxes. see note 3 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the federal statutory rates of 21% for 2018 and 35% for 2017 and 2016 to the effective income tax rates.
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the tax cuts and jobs act, the federal income tax legislation enacted in december 2017. note 3 to the financial statements contains additional discussion of the effect of the act on 2017 and 2018 results of operations and financial position, the provisions of the act, and the uncertainties associated with accounting for the act, and note 2 to the financial statements discusses the regulatory proceedings that have considered the effects of the act.
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis liquidity and capital resources cash flow cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2018 , 2017 , and 2016 were as follows:
of period net cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                              101,328        371,278        341,939
equivalents cash and cash equivalents at end of               $95,685       $287,187       $245,863
period operating activities net cash flow provided by operating activities decreased $270 million in 2018 primarily due to:
•  the return of unprotected excess accumulated deferred income taxes;
income tax payments of $54 million in 2018 compared to income tax refunds of $2.2 million in 2017.  system
•  energy made income tax payments in 2018 and received income tax refunds in 2017 in accordance with an intercompany income tax allocation agreement. the income tax payments in 2018 were from the results of operations and the inclusion of taxable temporary differences in the computation of taxable income; and
•  an increase in spending of $51.5 million on nuclear refueling outages in 2018 as compared to the prior year.
net cash flow provided by operating activities increased $29.3 million in 2017 primarily due to:
•  a decrease in spending of $35.7 million on nuclear refueling outages in 2017 as compared to the prior year;
•  the timing of collection of receivables; and
•  a decrease of $9.9 million in interest paid in 2017.
the increase was partially offset by:
proceeds of $28.4 million received in august 2016 from the doe resulting from litigation regarding spent
•  nuclear fuel storage costs that were previously expensed.  see note 8 to the financial statements for a discussion of the spent nuclear fuel litigation; and a decrease of $21.3 million in income tax refunds in 2017.  system energy received income tax refunds in
2017 and 2016 in accordance with an intercompany income tax allocation agreement.  the income tax refunds in
•  2017 and 2016 resulted primarily from the adoption of a new accounting method for income tax purposes in which system energy will treat its nuclear decommissioning costs as production costs of electricity includable in cost of goods sold.  see note 3 to the financial statements for further discussion of the adoption of the new accounting method.
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis investing activities net cash flow used in investing activities increased $111.9 million in 2018 primarily due to:
an increase of $114.4 million as a result of fluctuations in nuclear fuel activity because of variations
•  from year to year in the timing and pricing of fuel reload requirements in the utility business, material and services deliveries, and the timing of cash payments during the nuclear fuel cycle; and
•  an increase of $110.4 million in nuclear construction expenditures primarily as a result of a higher scope of work performed during the grand gulf outage in 2018.
the increase was partially offset by money pool activity and changes in the decommissioning trust fund investments including portfolio rebalancing of the grand gulf decommissioning trust fund in 2018.
decreases in system energy's receivable from the money pool are a source of cash flow and system energy's receivable from the money pool decreased by $4.5 million in 2018 compared to increasing by $77.9 million in 2017.
the money pool is an inter-company borrowing arrangement designed to reduce the utility subsidiaries' need for external short-term borrowings.
net cash flow used in investing activities decreased $58.4 million in 2017 primarily due to a decrease of $159.4
million as a result of fluctuations in nuclear fuel activity because of variations from year to year in the timing and pricing of fuel reload requirements in the utility business, material and services deliveries, and the timing of cash payments during the nuclear fuel cycle. the decrease was partially offset by money pool activity and proceeds of $15.8 million received in august 2016 from the doe resulting from litigation regarding spent nuclear fuel storage costs that were previously capitalized. see note 8 to the financial statements for discussion of the spent nuclear fuel litigation.
increases in system energy's receivable from the money pool are a use of cash flow and system energy's receivable from the money pool increased by $77.9 million in 2017 compared to decreasing by $6.1 million in 2016.
•  the issuance in march 2018 of $100 million of 3.42% series j notes by the system energy nuclear fuel company variable interest entity;
•  an increase of net long-term borrowings of $63.9 million in 2018 on the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity's credit facility;
•  the payment in february 2017, at maturity, of $50 million of the system energy nuclear fuel company variable interest entity's 4.02% series h notes;
•  a decrease of $38.9 million in common stock dividends and distributions in 2018 in order to maintain the targeted capital structure; and net repayments of short-term borrowings of $17.8 million on the nuclear fuel company variable interest
•  entity's credit facility in 2018 compared to net repayments of short-term borrowings of $49.1 million on the nuclear fuel variable interest entity's credit facility in 2017.
the decrease was offset by:
•  the payment in october 2018, at maturity, of $85 million of the system energy nuclear fuel company variable interest entity's 3.78% series i notes; and
•  net long-term borrowings of $50 million in 2017 on the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity's credit facility.
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis net cash flow used in financing activities increased $61.6 million in 2017 primarily due to:
net repayments of short-term borrowings of $49.1 million on the nuclear fuel company variable interest
•  entity's credit facility in 2017 as compared to net short-term borrowings of $66.9 million on the nuclear fuel variable interest entity's credit facility in 2016; and
•  the payment in february 2017, at maturity, of $50 million of the system energy nuclear fuel company variable interest entity's 4.02% series h notes.
the increase was partially offset by:
•  net long-term borrowings of $50 million in 2017 on the nuclear fuel company variable interest entity's credit facility;
•  a decrease of $32.4 million in common stock dividends and distributions in 2017 in order to maintain system energy's targeted capital structure; and
•  the repayment in may 2016 of $22 million of 5.875% pollution control revenue bonds due 2022 issued on behalf of system energy.
see note 5 to the financial statements for details of long-term debt.
capital structure system energy's debt to capital ratio is shown in the following table. the increase in the debt to capital ratio for system energy is primarily due to the issuance in march 2018 of $100 million of 3.42% series j notes by the system energy nuclear fuel company variable interest entity.
debt to capital             46.1  %                    44.5  %
effect of subtracting cash  (4.0  %)                  (16.0  %)
net debt to net capital     42.1  %                    28.5  %
net debt consists of debt less cash and cash equivalents. debt consists of short-term borrowings and long-term debt, including the currently maturing portion. capital consists of debt and common equity. net capital consists of capital less cash and cash equivalents. system energy uses the debt to capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating system energy's financial condition. system energy uses the net debt to net capital ratio in analyzing its financial condition and believes it provides useful information to its investors and creditors in evaluating system energy's financial condition because net debt indicates system energy's outstanding debt position that could not be readily satisfied by cash and cash equivalents on hand.
system energy seeks to optimize its capital structure in accordance with its regulatory requirements and to control its cost of capital while also maintaining equity capitalization at a level consistent with investment-grade debt ratings. to the extent that operating cash flows are in excess of planned investments, cash may be used to reduce outstanding debt or may be paid as a dividend, or both, in appropriate amounts to maintain the targeted capital structure. to the extent that operating cash flows are insufficient to support planned investments, system energy may issue incremental debt or reduce dividends, or both, to maintain its targeted capital structure.
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis uses of capital system energy requires capital resources for:
•  construction and other capital investments;
•  working capital purposes, including the financing of fuel costs; and
following are the amounts of system energy's planned construction and other capital investments.
-in millions planned construction and capital investment:
generation                                  $145    $170     $65
utility support                               10      10      10
following are the amounts of system energy's existing debt and lease obligations (includes estimated interest payments) and other purchase obligations.
(a)  includes estimated interest payments.  long-term debt is discussed in note 5 to the financial statements.
(b)  obligations to purchase goods or services.  for system energy, it includes nuclear fuel purchase obligations.
in addition to the contractual obligations given above, system energy expects to contribute approximately $8.3
million to its qualified pension plans and approximately $20 thousand to other postretirement health care and life insurance plans in 2019, although the 2019 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2019 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2019. see "
- qualified pension and other postretirement benefits " below for a discussion of qualified pension and other postretirement benefits funding.
also in addition to the contractual obligations, system energy has $425.3 million of unrecognized tax benefits and interest net of unused tax attributes and payments for which the timing of payments beyond 12 months cannot be reasonably estimated due to uncertainties in the timing of effective settlement of tax positions. see note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding unrecognized tax benefits.
in addition to routine spending to maintain operations, the planned capital investment estimate includes specific grand gulf investments and initiatives.
as a wholly-owned subsidiary, system energy dividends its earnings to entergy corporation at a percentage determined monthly.
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis sources of capital system energy's sources to meet its capital requirements include:
•  internally generated funds;
•  bank financing under new or existing facilities.
system energy may refinance, redeem, or otherwise retire debt prior to maturity, to the extent market conditions and interest rates are favorable.
all debt issuances by system energy require prior regulatory approval. debt issuances are also subject to issuance tests set forth in its bond indenture and other agreements. system energy has sufficient capacity under these tests to meet its foreseeable capital needs.
system energy's receivables from the money pool were as follows as of december 31 for each of the following years.
see note 4 to the financial statements for a description of the money pool.
the system energy nuclear fuel company variable interest entity has a credit facility in the amount of $120 million scheduled to expire in september 2021. as of december 31, 2018, $113.9 million in letters of credit to support a like amount of commercial paper issued were outstanding under the system energy nuclear fuel company variable interest entity credit facility. see note 4 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the variable interest entity credit facility.
system energy obtained authorizations from the ferc through november 2020 for the following:
•  short-term borrowings not to exceed an aggregate amount of $200 million at any time outstanding;
see note 4 to the financial statements for further discussion of system energy's short-term borrowing limits.
rate, cost-recovery, and other regulation
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis and note 2 to the financial statements for a discussion of federal regulation.
complaints against system energy return on equity complaints in january 2017 the apsc and mpsc filed a complaint with the ferc against system energy. the complaint seeks a reduction in the return on equity component of the unit power sales agreement pursuant to which system energy sells its grand gulf capacity and energy to entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, and
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis entergy new orleans. entergy arkansas also sells some of its grand gulf capacity and energy to entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, and entergy new orleans under separate agreements. the current return on equity under the unit power sales agreement is 10.94% , which was established in a rate proceeding that became final in july 2001.
the apsc and mpsc complaint alleges that the return on equity is unjust and unreasonable because current capital market and other considerations indicate that it is excessive. the complaint requests the ferc to institute proceedings to investigate the return on equity and establish a lower return on equity, and also requests that the ferc establish january 23, 2017 as a refund effective date. the complaint includes return on equity analysis that purports to establish that the range of reasonable return on equity for system energy is between 8.37% and 8.67% .
system energy answered the complaint in february 2017 and disputes that a return on equity of 8.37% to 8.67% is just and reasonable. the lpsc and the city council intervened in the proceeding expressing support for the complaint. system energy is recording a provision against revenue for the potential outcome of this proceeding. in september 2017 the ferc established a refund effective date of january 23, 2017, consolidated the return on equity complaint with the proceeding described in unit power sales agreement below, and directed the parties to engage in settlement proceedings before an alj. the parties have been unable to settle the return on equity issue and a ferc hearing judge was assigned in july 2018. the 15-month refund effective date in connection with the apsc/mpsc complaint expired on april 23, 2018.
in april 2018 the lpsc filed a complaint with the ferc against system energy seeking an additional 15-month refund period. the lpsc complaint requests similar relief from the ferc with respect to system energy's return on equity and also requests the ferc to investigate system energy's capital structure. the apsc, mpsc, and city council intervened in the proceeding, filed an answer expressing support for the complaint, and asked the ferc to consolidate this proceeding with the proceeding initiated by the complaint of the apsc and mpsc in january 2017.
system energy answered the lpsc complaint in may 2018 and also filed a motion to dismiss the complaint. in july
2018 the lpsc answered system energy's motion to dismiss.
in august 2018 the ferc issued an order dismissing the lpsc's request to investigate system energy's capital structure and setting for hearing system energy's return on equity, with a refund effective date of april 2018. the portion of the lpsc's complaint dealing with return on equity was subsequently consolidated with the apsc and mpsc complaint for hearing. the consolidated hearing has been scheduled for september 2019, and the parties are required to address an order (issued in a separate proceeding for new england transmission owners) that proposed modifying the ferc's standard methodology for determining return on equity. in september 2018, system energy filed a request for rehearing and the lpsc filed a request for rehearing or reconsideration of the ferc's august 2018 order. the lpsc's request referenced an amended complaint that it filed on the same day raising the same capital structure claim the ferc had earlier dismissed. the ferc initiated a new proceeding for the amended complaint, and system energy submitted a response to the amended complaint in october 2018. in january 2019 the ferc set the amended complaint for settlement and hearing proceedings.
grand gulf sale-leaseback renewal complaint in may 2018 the lpsc filed a complaint against system energy and entergy services related to system energy's renewal in 2015 of a sale-leaseback transaction originally entered into in december 1988 for an 11.5% undivided interest in grand gulf unit 1. the complaint alleges that system energy violated the filed rate and the ferc's ratemaking and accounting requirements when it included in unit power sales agreement billings the cost of capital additions associated with the sale-leaseback interest, and that system energy is double-recovering costs by including both the lease payments and the capital additions in unit power sales agreement billings. the complaint also claims that system energy was imprudent in entering into the sale-leaseback renewal because the utility operating companies that purchase grand gulf's output from system energy could have obtained cheaper capacity and energy in the miso markets. the complaint further alleges that system energy violated various other reporting and accounting requirements and should have sought prior ferc approval of the lease renewal. the complaint seeks various forms of relief from the ferc. the complaint seeks refunds for capital addition costs for all years in which they were recorded in allegedly non-formula accounts or, alternatively, the disallowance of the return on equity for the capital
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis additions in those years plus interest. the complaint also asks that the ferc disallow and refund the lease costs of the sale-leaseback renewal on grounds of imprudence, investigate system energy's treatment of a doe litigation payment, and impose certain forward-looking procedural protections, including audit rights for retail regulators of the unit power sales agreement formula rates. the apsc, mpsc, and city council intervened in the proceeding.
in june 2018, system energy and entergy services filed a motion to dismiss and an answer to the lpsc complaint denying that system energy's treatment of the sale-leaseback renewal and capital additions violated the terms of the filed rate or any other ferc ratemaking, accounting, or legal requirements or otherwise constituted double recovery. the response also argued that the complaint is inconsistent with a ferc-approved settlement to which the lpsc is a party and that explicitly authorizes system energy to recover its lease payments. finally, the response argued that both the capital additions and the sale-leaseback renewal were prudent investments and the lpsc complaint fails to justify any disallowance or refunds. the response also offered to submit formula rate protocols for the unit power sales agreement similar to the procedures used for reviewing transmission rates under the miso tariff. in september 2018 the ferc issued an order setting the complaint for hearing and settlement proceedings.
the ferc established a refund effective date of may 2018. the hearing has been scheduled for november 2019.
unit power sales agreement in august 2017, system energy submitted to the ferc proposed amendments to the unit power sales agreement pursuant to which system energy sells its grand gulf capacity and energy to entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, and entergy new orleans. the filing proposes limited amendments to the unit power sales agreement to adopt (1) updated rates for use in calculating grand gulf plant depreciation and amortization expenses and (2)
updated nuclear decommissioning cost annual revenue requirements, both of which are recovered through the unit power sales agreement rate formula. the proposed amendments would result in lower charges to the utility operating companies that buy capacity and energy from system energy under the unit power sales agreement. the proposed changes are based on updated depreciation and nuclear decommissioning studies that take into account the renewal of grand gulf's operating license for a term through november 1, 2044. system energy requested that the ferc accept the amendments effective october 1, 2017.
in september 2017 the ferc accepted system energy's proposed unit power sales agreement amendments, subject to further proceedings to consider the justness and reasonableness of the amendments. because the amendments propose a rate decrease, the ferc also initiated an investigation under section 206 of the federal power act to determine if the rate decrease should be lower than proposed. the ferc accepted the proposed amendments effective october 1,
2017, subject to refund pending the outcome of the further settlement and/or hearing proceedings, and established a refund effective date of october 11, 2017 with respect to the rate decrease. the ferc also consolidated the unit power sales agreement amendment proceeding with the proceeding described in "
" above, and directed the parties to engage in settlement proceedings before an alj. in june 2018, system energy filed with the ferc an uncontested settlement relating to the updated depreciation rates and nuclear decommissioning cost annual revenue requirements. in august 2018 the ferc issued an order accepting the settlement.
in the third quarter 2018, system energy recorded a reduction in depreciation expense of approximately $26 million , representing the cumulative difference in depreciation expense resulting from the depreciation rates used from october 11, 2017 through september 30, 2018 and the depreciation rates included in the settlement filing accepted by the ferc.
nuclear matters system energy owns and, through an affiliate, operates grand gulf. system energy is, therefore, subject to the risks related to owning and operating a nuclear plant. these include risks related to: the use, storage, and handling and disposal of high-level and low-level radioactive materials; the substantial financial requirements, both for capital investments and operational needs, to position entergy's nuclear fleet to meet its operational goals, including the financial requirements to address emerging issues like stress corrosion cracking of certain materials within the plant systems and the fukushima event; regulatory requirements and potential future regulatory changes, including changes affecting the regulations governing nuclear plant ownership, operations, license renewal and amendments, and
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis decommissioning; the performance and capacity factors of these nuclear plants; the availability of interim or permanent sites for the disposal of spent nuclear fuel and nuclear waste, including the fees charged for such disposal; the sufficiency of nuclear decommissioning trust fund assets and earnings to complete decommissioning of each site when required; and limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available for losses in connection with nuclear plant operations and catastrophic events such as a nuclear accident. in the event of an unanticipated early shutdown of grand gulf, system energy may be required to provide additional funds or credit support to satisfy regulatory requirements for decommissioning. grand gulf's operating license expires in 2044.
based on the plant's performance indicators, in november 2016 the nrc placed grand gulf in the "regulatory response column," or column 2, of its reactor oversight process action matrix. in august 2018 the nrc moved grand gulf into the "licensee response column," or column 1, of the nrc's reactor oversight process action matrix. this action followed nrc inspections to review grand gulf's performance in addressing issues that had previously resulted in classification in column 2. based on performance indicator data for the third quarter 2018, grand gulf moved back to column 2 due to a reduction in power to address an operational issue with a plant system that resulted in the threshold for one of the nrc's performance indicators being exceeded.
environmental risks system energy's facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various governmental authorities having jurisdiction over air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous and solid wastes, and other environmental matters. management believes that system energy is in substantial compliance with environmental regulations currently applicable to its facilities and operations, with reference to possible exceptions noted in "
regulation of entergy's business
environmental regulation
" in part i, item 1. because environmental regulations are subject to change, future compliance costs cannot be precisely estimated.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of system energy's financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to apply appropriate accounting policies and to make estimates and judgments that can have a significant effect on reported financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. management has identified the following accounting policies and estimates as critical because they are based on assumptions and measurements that involve a high degree of uncertainty, and there is the potential for future changes in the assumptions and measurements that could produce estimates that would have a material impact on the presentation of system energy's financial position or results of operations.
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates inherent in accounting for nuclear decommissioning costs.
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of accounting for the effects of rate regulation.
impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments see " impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for discussion of the estimates associated with the impairment of long-lived assets and trust fund investments.
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis taxation and uncertain tax positions see "
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion.
qualified pension and other postretirement benefits system energy's qualified pension and other postretirement reported costs, as described in note 11 to the financial statements, are impacted by numerous factors including the provisions of the plans, changing employee demographics, and various actuarial calculations, assumptions, and accounting mechanisms. see the " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for further discussion. because of the complexity of these calculations, the long-term nature of these obligations, and the importance of the assumptions utilized, entergy's estimate of these costs is a critical accounting estimate.
cost sensitivity the following chart reflects the sensitivity of qualified pension cost and qualified projected benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2019 qualified      impact on 2018 projected actuarial assumption          change in assumption                   pension cost             qualified benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
rate of return on plan        -0.25%                                         $646                            $-
assets rate of increase in           0.25%                                          $331                        $1,472
compensation the following chart reflects the sensitivity of postretirement benefit cost and accumulated postretirement benefit obligation to changes in certain actuarial assumptions (dollars in thousands).
impact on 2019       impact on 2018 accumulated actuarial assumption      change in assumption     postretirement benefit cost           postretirement benefit obligation increase/(decrease)
health care cost trend    0.25%                                           $195                           $1,318
each fluctuation above assumes that the other components of the calculation are held constant.
costs and funding total qualified pension cost for system energy in 2018 was $14.9 million. system energy anticipates 2019 qualified pension cost to be $12.3 million. system energy contributed $13.8 million to its pension plans in 2018 and estimates 2019 pension contributions will approximate $8.3 million, although the 2019 required pension contributions will be known with more certainty when the january 1, 2019 valuations are completed, which is expected by april 1, 2019.
total postretirement health care and life insurance benefit income for system energy in 2018 was $490 thousand.
system energy expects 2019 postretirement health care and life insurance benefit cost to approximate $1.7
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
management's financial discussion and analysis million. system energy contributed $569 thousand to its other postretirement plans in 2018 and expects 2019
federal healthcare legislation see " qualified pension and other postretirement benefits -
federal healthcare legislation
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of federal healthcare legislation.
" section of entergy corporation and subsidiaries management's financial discussion and analysis for a discussion of the estimates associated with environmental, litigation, and other risks.
" section of note 1 to the financial statements for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements.
table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the shareholder and board of directors of system energy resources, inc.
opinion on the financial statements we have audited the accompanying balance sheets of system energy resources, inc. (the "company") as of december 31,
2018 and 2017, the related statements of income, cash flows, and changes in common equity (pages 438 through 442
and applicable items in pages 53 through 237), for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2018, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). in our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the company as of december 31, 2018
and 2017, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2018, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america.
basis for opinion these financial statements are the responsibility of the company's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's financial statements based on our audits. we are a public accounting firm registered with the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob) and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. the company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. as part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the company's internal control over financial reporting. accordingly, we express no such opinion.
our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
-in thousands operating revenues electric                                                              $456,707       $633,458       $548,291
operating expenses operation and maintenance:
maintenance decommissioning                                                         34,336         43,347         50,797
operating income                                                        43,680        166,983        186,241
see notes to financial statements.
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
statements of cash flows for the years ended december 31,
-in thousands operating activities net income                                                             $94,109        $78,596        $96,744
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash flow provided by operating activities:
non-current taxes accrued changes in assets and liabilities:
other working capital                                                  (45,415  )      12,083        (15,470  )
liabilities deferred tax rate change recognized as                                                         -       (325,707  )           -
liabilities net cash flow provided by operating                                                           101,328        371,278        341,939
of nuclear fuel proceeds from nuclear decommissioning                                                        573,561        565,416        499,252
trust fund sales investment in nuclear decommissioning                                                       (583,683  )    (596,236  )    (534,083  )
trust funds changes in money pool                                                    4,545        (77,858  )       6,117
receivable - net litigation proceeds for reimbursement of                                                             -              -         15,806
activities financing activities proceeds from the issuance of long-term                                                  741,785        150,100              -
debt retirement of long-term                                               (662,904  )    (150,103  )     (22,002  )
debt changes in short-term credit borrowings                                                      (17,830  )     (49,063  )      66,893
beginning of period cash and cash equivalents at end of                                                  $95,685       $287,187       $245,863
period supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
interest - net of                                                      $17,183        $26,251        $36,152
amount capitalized income taxes                                                           $53,956        ($2,227  )    ($23,565  )
see notes to financial statements.
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
other property and investments decommissioning trust funds                                                      869,543       905,686
property under capital lease                                                     602,770       588,281
see notes to financial statements.
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
current portion of unprotected excess                                              4,426             -
see notes to financial statements.
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
statements of changes in common equity for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016
see notes to financial statements.
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
selected financial data -
-dollars in thousands operating                                      $456,707      $633,458      $548,291      $632,405      $664,364
properties information regarding the registrant's properties is included in part i. item 1. - entergy's business under the sections titled "
- property and other generation resources
legal proceedings details of the registrant's material environmental regulation and proceedings and other regulatory proceedings and litigation that are pending or those terminated in the fourth quarter of 2018 are discussed in part i. item 1. -
entergy's business under the sections titled "
environmental regulation ," and "
impairment of long-lived assets
" in note 14 to the financial statements.
executive officers of entergy corporation executive officers name                              age    position                                                  period leo p. denault (a)                 59    chairman of the board and chief executive officer of      2013-present entergy corporation executive vice president and chief nuclear officer of a. christopher bakken, iii (a)     57    entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy            2016-present louisiana, and system energy project director, hinkley point c of edf energy           2009-2016
executive vice president and general counsel of marcus v. brown (a)                57    entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy            2013-present louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy andrew s. marsh (a)                47    executive vice president and chief financial officer      2013-present of entergy corporation director of entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy         2013-present texas, and system energy chief financial officer of entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans,      2014-present entergy texas, and system energy
table of contents name                         age    position                                                             period group president utility operations of entergy corporation, roderick k. west (a)          50    entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi,      2017-present entergy new orleans, and entergy texas president, chief executive officer, and director of system     2017-present energy director of entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system    2017-present energy president and chief executive officer of entergy new                   2018
orleans executive vice president of entergy corporation                   2010-2017
chief administrative officer of entergy corporation               2010-2016
paul d. hinnenkamp (a)        57    executive vice president and chief operating officer of        2017-present entergy corporation director of entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy       2015-present mississippi, entergy new orleans, and entergy texas senior vice president and chief operating officer of              2015-2017
entergy corporation senior vice president, capital project management and                  2015
technology of entergy services, inc.
vice president, capital project management and technology         2013-2015
of entergy services, inc.
senior vice president and chief accounting officer of alyson m. mount (a)           48    entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana,      2012-present entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy peter s. norgeot, jr. (a)     53    senior vice president, transformation of entergy               2018-present corporation senior vice president, power generation of entergy services       2017-2018
vice president, fossil generation of entergy services             2015-2017
vice president, power plant operations, steam of entergy          2014-2015
services donald w. vinci (a)           60    executive vice president and chief administrative officer      2016-present of entergy corporation senior vice president, human resources and chief diversity        2013-2016
officer of entergy corporation
(a)  in addition, this officer is an executive officer and/or director of various other wholly owned subsidiaries of entergy corporation and its operating companies.
each officer of entergy corporation is elected yearly by the board of directors. each officer's age and title is provided as of december 31, 2018.
market for registrants' common equity and related stockholder matters entergy corporation the shares of entergy corporation's common stock are listed on the new york stock and chicago stock exchanges under the ticker symbol etr. as of january 31, 2019, there were 24,919 stockholders of record of entergy corporation.
unregistered sales of equity securities and use of proceeds issuer purchases of equity securities (1)
total number of      maximum $ amount total number of      average price          shares purchased       of shares that period                 shares purchased     paid per share         as part of a               may yet be publicly              purchased under announced plan             a plan (2)
in accordance with entergy's stock-based compensation plans, entergy periodically grants stock options to key employees, which may be exercised to obtain shares of entergy's common stock. according to the plans, these shares can be newly issued shares, treasury stock, or shares purchased on the open market. entergy's management has been authorized by the board to repurchase on the open market shares up to an amount sufficient to fund the exercise of grants under the plans. in addition to this authority, the board has authorized share repurchase programs to enable opportunistic purchases in response to market conditions. in october 2010 the board granted authority for a $500
million share repurchase program. the amount of share repurchases under these programs may vary as a result of material changes in business results or capital spending or new investment opportunities. in addition, in the first quarter 2018, entergy withheld 70,517 shares of its common stock at $76.83 per share, 43,342 shares of its common stock at $78.29 per share, and 16,660 shares of its common stock at $78.51 per share to pay income taxes due upon vesting of restricted stock granted and payout of performance units as part of its long-term incentive program.
(1)  see note 12 to the financial statements for additional discussion of the stock-based compensation plans.
maximum amount of shares that may yet be repurchased relates only to the $500 million plan does not
(2)  include an estimate of the amount of shares that may be purchased to fund the exercise of grants under the stock-based compensation plans.
entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy there is no market for the common equity of the registrant subsidiaries. information with respect to restrictions that limit the ability of the registrant subsidiaries to pay dividends or distributions is presented in note 7 to the financial statements.
selected financial data refer to
"selected financial data
- five-year comparison of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries, entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries, entergy mississippi, llc, entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries, entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries, and system energy resources, inc." which follow each company's financial statements in this report, for information with respect to selected financial data and certain operating statistics.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations refer to "management's financial discussion and analysis of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries, entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries, entergy mississippi, llc, entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries, entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries, and system energy resources, inc."
quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk refer to "management's financial discussion and analysis of entergy corporation and subsidiaries
market and credit risk sensitive instruments
financial statements and supplementary data refer to "table of contents - entergy corporation and subsidiaries, entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries, entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries, entergy mississippi, llc, entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries, entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries, and system energy resources, inc."
changes in and disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure no event that would be described in response to this item has occurred with respect to entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, or system energy.
controls and procedures disclosure controls and procedures as of december 31, 2018 , evaluations were performed under the supervision and with the participation of entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy (individually "registrant" and collectively the "registrants") management, including their respective principal executive officers (peo) and principal financial officers (pfo). the evaluations assessed the effectiveness of the registrants' disclosure controls and procedures. based on the evaluations, each peo and pfo has concluded that, as to the registrant or registrants for which they serve as peo or pfo, the registrant's or registrants' disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by each registrant in reports that it files or submits under the securities exchange act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in securities and exchange commission rules and forms; and that the registrant's or registrants' disclosure controls and procedures are also effective in reasonably assuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to the registrant's or registrants'
management, including their respective peos and pfos, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.
table of contents internal control over financial reporting
(entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy)
the managements of entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy (individually "registrant" and collectively the "registrants") are responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the registrants. each registrant's internal control system is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the preparation and fair presentation of each registrant's financial statements presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
all internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation.
each registrant's management assessed the effectiveness of each registrant's internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2018 . in making this assessment, each registrant's management used the criteria set forth by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission (coso) in internal control -
integrated framework. the 2013 coso framework was utilized for management's assessment.
based on each management's assessment and the criteria set forth by the 2013 coso framework, each registrant's management believes that each registrant maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2018 .
the report of deloitte & touche llp, entergy corporation's independent registered public accounting firm, regarding entergy corporation's internal control over financial reporting is included herein. the report of deloitte & touche llp is not applicable to entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy because these registrants are non-accelerated filers.
changes in internal controls over financial reporting under the supervision and with the participation of each registrant's management, including its respective peo and pfo, each registrant evaluated changes in internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended december 31, 2018 and found no change that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over financial reporting.
table of contents attestation report of registered public accounting firm report of independent registered public accounting firm to the shareholders and board of directors of entergy corporation and subsidiaries opinion on internal control over financial reporting we have audited the internal control over financial reporting of entergy corporation and subsidiaries (the
"corporation") as of december 31, 2018, based on criteria established in internal control -integrated framework
(2013) issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission (coso). in our opinion, the corporation maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2018, based on criteria established in internal control - integrated framework (2013) issued by coso.
we have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended december 31, 2018 of the corporation and our report dated february 26, 2019 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements.
basis for opinion the corporation's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in item 9a, internal control over financial reporting. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the corporation's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. we are a public accounting firm registered with the pcaob and are required to be independent with respect to the corporation in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. we believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting a company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. a company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
directors and executive officers of the registrants (entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and entergy texas)
information required by this item concerning directors of entergy corporation is set forth under the heading "item
1 - election of directors" contained in the proxy statement of entergy corporation, to be filed in connection with its annual meeting of stockholders to be held may 3, 2019, and is incorporated herein by reference.
all officers and directors listed below held the specified positions with their respective companies as of the date of filing this report, unless otherwise noted.
name                                               age    position                                 period entergy arkansas, llc directors laura r. landreaux                                  45    president and chief executive officer    2018-present of entergy arkansas director of entergy arkansas             2018-present operational finance director of          2017-2018
entergy arkansas vice president, regulatory affairs of    2014-2017
entergy arkansas see information under the entergy paul d. hinnenkamp                                        corporation officers section in part i.
see information under the entergy andrew s. marsh                                           corporation officers section in part i.
see information under the entergy roderick k. west                                          corporation officers section in part i.
officers see information under the entergy a. christopher bakken, iii                                corporation officers section in part i.
see information under the entergy marcus v. brown                                           corporation officers section in part i.
see information under the entergy leo p. denault                                            corporation officers section in part i.
see information under the entergy paul d. hinnenkamp                                        corporation officers section in part i.
laura r. landreaux                                        see information under the entergy arkansas directors section above.
see information under the entergy andrew s. marsh                                           corporation officers section in part i.
see information under the entergy alyson m. mount                                           corporation officers section in part i.
see information under the entergy donald w. vinci                                           corporation officers section in part i.
see information under the entergy roderick k. west                                          corporation officers section in part i.
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc directors phillip r. may, jr.                                 56    president and chief executive officer    2013-present of entergy louisiana director of entergy louisiana            2013-present see information under the entergy paul d. hinnenkamp                                        corporation officers section in part i.
see information under the entergy andrew s. marsh                                           corporation officers section in part i.
see information under the entergy roderick k. west                                          corporation officers section in part i.
officers see information under the entergy a. christopher bakken, iii                                corporation officers section in part i.
see information under the entergy marcus v. brown                                           corporation officers section in part i.
see information under the entergy leo p. denault                                            corporation officers section in part i.
see information under the entergy paul d. hinnenkamp                                        corporation officers section in part i.
see information under the entergy andrew s. marsh                                           corporation officers section in part i.
phillip r. may, jr.                                       see information under the entergy louisiana directors section above.
see information under the entergy alyson m. mount                                           corporation officers section in part i.
see information under the entergy donald w. vinci                                           corporation officers section in part i.
see information under the entergy roderick k. west                                          corporation officers section in part i.
entergy mississippi, llc directors haley r. fisackerly                            53    president and chief executive officer of      2008-present entergy mississippi director of entergy mississippi               2008-present paul d. hinnenkamp                                   see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
andrew s. marsh                                      see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
roderick k. west                                     see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
table of contents officers marcus v. brown        see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
leo p. denault         see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
haley r. fisackerly    see information under the entergy mississippi directors section above.
paul d. hinnenkamp     see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
andrew s. marsh        see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
alyson m. mount        see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
donald w. vinci        see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
roderick k. west       see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
entergy new orleans, llc directors david d. ellis                                51    president and chief executive officer of       2018-present entergy new orleans director of entergy new orleans                2018-present president and chief executive officer,                 2018
global power technologies managing director and chairman of comverge        2010-2017
paul d. hinnenkamp                                  see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
andrew s. marsh                                     see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
roderick k. west                                    see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
table of contents officers marcus v. brown       see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
leo p. denault        see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
david d. ellis        see information under the entergy new orleans directors section above.
paul d. hinnenkamp    see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
andrew s. marsh       see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
alyson m. mount       see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
donald w. vinci       see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
roderick k. west      see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
directors sallie t. rainer                         57    president and chief executive officer of entergy    2012-present texas director of entergy texas                           2012-present paul d. hinnenkamp                             see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
andrew s. marsh                                see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
roderick k. west                               see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
officers marcus v. brown       see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
leo p. denault        see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
paul d. hinnenkamp    see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
andrew s. marsh       see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
alyson m. mount       see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
sallie t. rainer      see information under the entergy texas directors section above.
donald w. vinci       see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
roderick k. west      see information under the entergy corporation officers section in part i.
the directors and officers of entergy texas are elected annually to serve by the unanimous consent of its sole common stockholder. the directors and officers of entergy louisiana, llc and entergy new orleans, llc are, and in the case of entergy arkansas, llc and entergy mississippi, llc will be, elected annually to serve by the unanimous
table of contents consent of the sole common membership owner, entergy utility holding company, llc. entergy corporation's directors are elected annually at the annual meeting of shareholders. entergy corporation's officers are elected at the annual organizational meeting of the board of directors, which immediately follows the annual meeting of shareholders. the age of each officer and director for whom information is presented above is as of december 31,
corporate governance guidelines and committee charters each of the audit, corporate governance, and personnel committees of entergy corporation's board of directors operates under a written charter. in addition, the board has adopted corporate governance guidelines. each charter and the guidelines are available through entergy's website (www.entergy.com) or upon written request.
audit committee of the entergy corporation board the following directors are members of the audit committee of entergy corporation's board of directors:
philip l. frederickson blanche l. lincoln karen a. puckett all audit committee members are independent. in addition to the general independence requirements of the nyse, all audit committee members must meet the heightened independence standards imposed by the sec and nyse. all audit committee members possess the level of financial literacy required by the nyse rules and the board has determined that messrs. condon and frederickson satisfy the financial expertise requirements of the nyse and have the requisite experience to be designated an audit committee financial expert as that term is defined by the rules of the sec.
code of ethics effective october 2018, the entergy corporation board of directors adopted a code of business conduct and ethics that applies to members of the entergy corporation board of directors and all entergy officers and employees. the code of business conduct and ethics combined two separate but similarly worded codes that applied to members of the entergy corporation board of directors and to officers and employees, respectively. the code of business conduct and ethics includes special provisions relating to principal executive officer and senior financial officers. it is to be read in conjunction with entergy's omnibus code of integrity under which entergy operates, called the code of entegrity, as well as system policies. all employees are expected to abide by the codes. non-bargaining employees are required to acknowledge annually that they understand and abide by the code of entegrity. the code of business conduct and ethics, including any amendments or any waivers thereto, and the code of entegrity are available through entergy's website (www.entergy.com) or upon written request.
nominations to the entergy corporation board of directors; nominating procedure the corporate governance committee will consider candidates identified by current directors, management, third-
party search firms engaged by the corporate governance committee and entergy corporation's shareholders.
•  the number of shares of entergy corporation stock held by the shareholder;
•  the name and address of the candidate;
table of contents a brief biographical description of the candidate, including his or her occupation for at least the last
•  five years, and a statement of the qualifications of the candidate, taking into account the qualification requirements discussed in the proxy statement under "board of directors - identifying director candidates";
•  the candidate's signed consent to be named in the proxy statement and a representation of such candidates'
once the corporate governance committee receives the recommendation, it may request additional information from the candidate about the candidate's independence, qualifications, and other information that would assist the corporate governance committee in evaluating the candidate, as well as certain information that must be disclosed about the candidate in the proxy statement, if nominated. the corporate governance committee will apply the same standards in considering director candidates recommended by shareholders as it applies to other candidates.
section 16(a) beneficial ownership reporting compliance information called for by this item concerning the directors and officers of entergy corporation is set forth in the proxy statement of entergy corporation to be filed in connection with its annual meeting of stockholders to be held on may 3, 2019, under the heading "section 16(a) beneficial ownership reporting compliance," which information is incorporated herein by reference.
executive compensation entergy corporation information concerning the directors and officers of entergy corporation is set forth in the proxy statement under the headings "compensation discussion and analysis," "executive compensation tables," "2019 director nominees,"
"personnel committee interlocks and insider participation," and "2018 non-employee director compensation," all of which information is incorporated herein by reference.
entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and entergy texas compensation discussion and analysis in this section, the compensation earned in 2018 by the following executive officers (referred to herein as "named executive officers") is discussed.
name(1)                     title a. christopher bakken, iii  executive vice president, nuclear operations/chief nuclear officer marcus v. brown             executive vice president and general counsel leo p. denault              chairman of the board and chief executive officer david d. ellis(2)           president and chief executive officer, entergy new orleans haley r. fisackerly         president and chief executive officer, entergy mississippi laura r. landreaux(3)       president and chief executive officer, entergy arkansas andrew s. marsh             executive vice president and chief financial officer entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and entergy texas phillip r. may, jr.         president and chief executive officer, entergy louisiana sallie t. rainer            president and chief executive officer, entergy texas charles l. rice, jr.(2)     former president and chief executive officer, entergy new orleans richard c. riley(3)         former president and chief executive officer, entergy arkansas roderick k. west(2)         group president utility operations messrs. bakken, brown, denault, marsh, and west hold the positions referenced above as executive officers
(1)  of entergy corporation and are members of entergy corporation's office of the chief executive.  no additional compensation was paid in 2018 to any of these officers for their service as named executive officers of the utility operating companies.
mr. rice is included in the executive compensation section of this form 10-k because he served as
(2)  president and chief executive officer, entergy new orleans for a portion of 2018. mr. ellis became president and chief executive officer, new orleans in december 2018, and for a portion of 2018, mr. west served as interim president and chief executive officer, entergy new orleans.
mr. riley is included in the executive compensation section of this form 10-k because he served as
(3)  president and chief executive officer, entergy arkansas for a portion of 2018. ms. landreaux succeeded mr.
riley as president and chief executive officer, entergy arkansas in july 2018.
table of contents entergy corporation's executive compensation programs and practices entergy corporation regularly reviews its executive compensation programs to align them with commonly viewed best practices in the market and to reflect feedback from discussions with investors on executive compensation.
executive compensation best practices
executive compensation programs are what entergy corporation does        *                                     highly correlated to performance and focused on long-term value creation double trigger for cash severance
*                                    payments and equity acceleration in the event of a change in control
*                                    clawback policy maximum payout capped at 200% of target under the annual incentive
*                                    plan and long-term performance unit program for members of the office of the chief executive
*                                    more toward performance units than service-based equity awards all long-term performance units
*                                    settled in shares of entergy corporation common stock
*                                    annual say on pay vote what entergy corporation doesn't do  *                                     no 280g tax "gross up" payments in the event of a change in control no tax "gross up" payments on any executive perquisites, other than
*                                    relocation benefits available to all eligible employees, and club dues for some of the named executive officers.
*                                    no option repricing or cash buy-outs for underwater options no agreements providing for severance payments to executive
*                                    officers that exceed 2.99 times annual base salary and annual incentive awards without shareholder approval
*                                    no hedging or pledging of entergy corporation common stock
*                                    no new officer participation in the system executive retirement plan no grants of supplemental service
*                                    credit to newly-hired officers under any of entergy corporation's non-qualified retirement plans entergy corporation's pay for performance philosophy entergy corporation's executive compensation programs are based on a philosophy of pay for performance that is embodied in the design of its annual and long-term incentive plans. it believes the executive pay programs described in this section and in the accompanying tables have played a significant role in the ability to drive strong financial and operational results and to attract and retain a highly experienced and successful management team.
annual incentive planincentivizes and rewards the achievement of financial metrics that are deemed by the
•  entergy corporation personnel committee to be consistent with the overall goals and strategic direction that the entergy corporation board has approved for entergy corporation.
long-term incentive programsfurther align the interests of the executives and entergy corporation's shareholders by directly tying the value of equity awards granted to executives under these programs to
•  entergy corporation's stock price performance, relative total shareholder return, and beginning in 2018, cumulative adjusted utility earnings growth. the long-term incentives consist of three components -
performance units, stock options and restricted stock.
table of contents by incentivizing officers to achieve important financial and operational objectives and create long-term shareholder value, entergy corporation believes these programs play a key role in creating sustainable value for the benefit of all of its stakeholders, including its owners, customers, employees, and communities.
2018 incentive pay outcomes entergy corporation believes the 2018 incentive pay outcomes for the named executive officers demonstrated the application of entergy corporation's pay for performance philosophy.
annual incentive plan awards under the executive annual incentive plan, or annual incentive plan, are tied to entergy corporation's financial and operational performance through the entergy achievement multiplier (eam), which is the performance metric used to determine the maximum funding available for awards under the plan. the 2018 eam was determined based in equal part on entergy corporation's success in achieving its consolidated operational earnings per share and consolidated operational operating cash flow goals set at the beginning of the year. these goals were approved by the personnel committee based on entergy corporation's financial plan and the board's overall goals for entergy corporation and were consistent with its published earnings guidance.
2018 annual incentive plan payout for 2018, the personnel committee, based on the recommendation of the finance committee, determined that management exceeded its consolidated operational earnings per share goal of $6.55 per share by $2.03 per share, but fell short of its consolidated operational operating cash flow goal of $3.000 billion by approximately $180 million. based on the targets and ranges previously established by the personnel committee, these results resulted in a calculated eam of 134%.
after considering individual performance, including not only the role played by each of the named executive officers who are members of the office of the chief executive in advancing entergy corporation's strategies and delivering the strong financial results achieved in 2018, but also each such individual's degree of accountability for certain operational and regulatory challenges entergy corporation experienced in 2018, the personnel committee approved payouts ranging from 115% to 122% of target for each of the named executive officers who are members of the office of the chief executive.
after the eam was established to determine overall funding for the annual incentive plan, entergy corporation's chief executive officer allocated incentive award funding to individual business units based on business unit results. individual awards were determined for the named executive officers who are not members of the office of the chief executive by their immediate supervisor based on the individual officer's key accountabilities, accomplishments, and performance. this resulted in payouts that ranged from 0% of target to 118% of target for the named executive officers who are not members of entergy corporation's office of the chief executive.
long-term incentives long term incentives consist of three components:
long-term performance unit program - units are granted with performance measured over a three-year period based on entergy corporation's total shareholder return in relation to the total shareholder return of the
•  companies included in the philadelphia utility index, and beginning with the 2018-2020 performance period, a cumulative utility earnings metric.  payouts, if any, are based on entergy corporation's performance on these measures against pre-established performance goals.
stock options - incentivizes executives to take actions that increase the market value of entergy
•  corporation's common stock and directly aligns with the value shareholders receive over the same period of time; and
long-term performance unit program payout for the three-year performance period ending in 2018, entergy corporation's total shareholder return was ninth out of the twenty companies in the philadelphia utility index, resulting in a payout of 111% of target for the executive officers. payouts were made in shares of entergy corporation stock which are required to be held by the executive officers until they satisfy the executive stock ownership guidelines.
use of competitive data to develop marketplace compensation levels for entergy corporation's executive officers, the personnel committee primarily uses the following types of data to compare the current compensation opportunities provided to each of the executive officers against the compensation opportunities provided to executives holding similar positions at companies with corporate revenues similar to entergy corporation's:
•  data from utility companies to determine total cash compensation for management roles that are utility-specific, such as group president, utility operations; and
•  utility market data to determine long-term incentives for all positions.
the personnel committee uses this survey data to develop compensation opportunities that are designed to deliver total target compensation within a targeted range of approximately the 50 th percentile of the surveyed companies in the aggregate. in most cases, the committee considers its objectives to have been met if entergy corporation's chief executive officer and the six other executive officers (including all of the named executive officers) who constitute the office of the chief executive each has a target compensation opportunity that falls within a targeted range of 85% - 115% of the 50 th percentile of the survey data. in general, compensation levels for an executive officer who is new to a position tend to be at the lower end of the competitive range, while seasoned executive officers with strong performance who are viewed as critical to retain would be positioned at the higher end of the competitive range. actual compensation received by an individual officer may be above or below the targeted range based on an individual officer's skills, performance, experience and responsibilities, corporate performance and internal pay equity.
proxy analysis although the survey data described above are the primary data used in benchmarking compensation, the committee reviews data derived from the proxy statements of companies included in the philadelphia utility index to evaluate the overall reasonableness of entergy corporation's compensation programs. the personnel committee identified the philadelphia utility index as the appropriate industry peer group because the companies included in this index, in the aggregate, are comparable to entergy corporation in terms of business and scale. companies included in the philadelphia utility index at the time the proxy data was compiled were as follows:
table of contents aes corporation                     el paso electric co.
consolidated edison inc.            pg&e corporation dominion energy                     public service enterprise group, inc.
edison international principal executive compensation elements the following table summarizes the elements of total direct compensation (tdc) granted or paid to the executive officers under the 2018 executive compensation programs. the programs use a mix of fixed and variable compensation elements and are designed to provide alignment with both short- and long-term business goals through annual and long-term incentives. an executive officer's tdc is based primarily on corporate performance, market-based compensation levels and individual performance with each of these elements reviewed annually for each named executive officer.
compensation       primary purpose      performance         key characteristic  cash/equity  performance period component                               measured provides a base      role, experience, level of             job scope, market base salary        competitive cash     data, and           fixed               cash         ongoing compensation for     individual executive talent.    performance motivates and        consolidated rewards executives   operational annual incentive   for performance on   earnings per share  variable            cash         1 year key financial        and operational measures during the  operating cash year.                flow focuses executives on growing earnings and building long-term          long-term            total shareholder performance        shareholder value    return and utility  variable            equity       3 years unit               and increases        earnings growth program            executives'
ownership of entergy corporation common stock.
align interests of executives with long-term shareholder value,   job scope, market provide competitive  data, individual stock              compensation, and    and entergy         variable            equity       3 years options            increase the         corporation executives'          performance.
aligns interests of executives with long-term shareholder value, provides competitive          job scope, market compensation,        data, and restricted stock   retains executive    individual          variable            equity       3 years talent and           performance increases the executives'
table of contents fixed compensation base salary the personnel committee determines the base salaries for all of the named executive officers who are members of the office of the chief executive based on competitive compensation data, performance considerations, and advice provided by the committee's independent compensation consultant. for the other named executive officers, their salaries are established by their immediate supervisors using the same criteria. in addition, in determining base salary adjustments, the personnel committee considered internal pay equity, although the personnel committee has not established any predetermined formula by which an individual's base salary is measured or evaluated in relation to other employees. in 2018, all of the named executive officers received merit increases in their base salaries ranging from approximately 2.4% to 4.2% other than mr. ellis. the increases in base salary were based on the market data previously discussed in this cd&a under "what entergy corporation pays and why - how entergy corporation sets target pay."
the following table sets forth the 2017 and 2018 base salaries for the named executive officers. except as indicated below, changes in base salaries for 2018 were effective in april.
named executive officer       2017 base salary    2018 base salary a. christopher bakken, iii            $620,125            $638,125
(1)  when mr. ellis joined entergy in december 2018, his base salary was set at $305,000 based on competitive market data discussed above, as well as internal pay equity considerations.
(2)  in july 2018, ms. landreaux's salary was increased when she became president and chief executive officer, entergy arkansas and assumed the increased responsibilities of that role.
(4)  mr. riley's salary was increased when he became senior vice president, distribution operations and asset management and assumed the increased responsibilities of that role.
variable compensation short-term incentive compensation annual incentive plan entergy corporation includes performance-based incentives in the named executive officers' compensation packages because it believes performance-based incentives encourage the named executive officers to pursue objectives consistent with the overall goals and strategic direction that the board has approved for entergy corporation. the eam is the performance metric used to determine the maximum percentage of target annual plan opportunities that will be paid each year to each named executive officer who is a member of the office of the chief executive
table of contents under the annual incentive plan. once the eam has been determined, individual awards for the office of the chief executive members may be adjusted downward, but not upward, from the eam at the personnel committee's discretion, based on individual performance and other factors deemed relevant by the personnel committee.
target award opportunities are set based on an executive officer's position and executive management level within the entergy organization. executive management levels at entergy corporation range from level 1 through level 5. at december 31, 2018, mr. denault held a level 1 position, messrs. bakken, brown, marsh, and west held positions in level 2, mr. may and mr. riley held level 3 positions, mr. ellis, mr. fisackerly, ms. landreaux and ms. rainer held level 4 positions and mr. rice held a level 5 position. accordingly, their respective incentive award opportunities differ from one another based on their management level and the external market data developed by the committee's independent compensation consultant.
setting targets annual review of performance measures to determine eam pool:
in december 2017, the personnel committee decided to retain consolidated operational earnings per share and consolidated operational operating cash flow, with each measure weighted equally, as the performance measures for determining the eam pool. other measures were considered, but the personnel committee determined that consolidated operational earnings per share and operational operating cash flow continued to be the best metrics to use for this purpose because:
•  they represent objective measures that entergy corporation and its investors consider to be important in evaluating its financial performance;
•  they align with entergy corporation's internal and external financial reporting; and
establishing target achievement levels the personnel committee annually engages in a rigorous process with a goal of establishing target achievement levels that are consistent with entergy corporation's strategy and business objectives for the upcoming year, as reflected in its financial plan and sufficient to drive results that represent a high level of achievement. these targets are approved based on a comprehensive review by the full board of entergy corporation's financial plan, conducted in december of the preceding year and updated in january to reflect the most current information concerning changes in commodity market conditions and other key drivers of anticipated changes in performance from the preceding year. the personnel committee also seeks to assure that the targets:
•  take into account changes in the business environment and specific challenges facing entergy corporation;
•  reflect an appropriate balancing of the various risks and opportunities recognized at the time the targets are set; and
•  are aligned with external expectations communicated to entergy corporation's shareholders.
2018 targets in january 2018, the personnel committee followed the process described above in setting 2018 performance targets.
consistent with its authority and past practice, the personnel committee determined that the effect of the following would be excluded from the reported results:
•  any major storms that may occur during the year;
•  certain impacts that may occur as a result of the implementation of the tax cuts and jobs act enacted in december 2017;
•  certain unresolved litigation initiated in the late 1990s and early 2000s relating to an agreement among the utility operating company subsidiaries that has since been terminated; and
the personnel committee viewed the exclusion of major storms as appropriate because although estimates for storm costs are included in entergy corporation's financial plan, it does not include estimates for a major storm event, such as a hurricane. the adjustment for unanticipated impacts of the tax cuts and jobs act was limited to the impact of any deviations from regulatory assumptions incorporated into the plan relating to (a) the timing of the adjustment of retail electric rates due to the change in the federal tax rate, and (b) the timing and amount of deferred income taxes that may be refunded to customers. however, the impacts of tax reform were only to be excluded to the extent that they cumulatively impacted consolidated operational earnings per share by more than
$0.10 per share in 2018. the personnel committee considered the exclusion of tax reform to be appropriate because of the substantial uncertainty around the outcomes of the applicable discussions and proceedings with regulators, which had not yet commenced, and because of the potential that there could be significant adverse impacts on 2018
results from such outcomes that would be in the long-term best interest of entergy corporation. the personnel committee approved the other exclusions from reported results, for the impact of the legacy system agreement litigation and unrealized gains and losses on securities held by entergy corporation's nuclear decommissioning trusts, primarily because of management's inability to influence either of the related outcomes.
in determining the targets to set for 2018, the personnel committee reviewed anticipated drivers for consolidated operational earnings per share and consolidated operational operating cash flow for 2018 as set forth in entergy corporation's financial plan, as well as factors driving the strong financial performance achieved in 2017. the personnel committee noted that a substantial portion of 2017 operational earnings per share was attributable to a major restructuring tax benefit at the entergy wholesale commodities business. the committee also noted that 2017
operational earnings per share had been adversely impacted by unusual weather. after adjusting to eliminate the impact on 2017 operational results of both the tax item and weather, the committee confirmed that the proposed plan target for operational earnings per share reflected substantial growth in core operational earnings.
the personnel committee also considered the potential impact of certain risks and opportunities, including differences from plan in wholesale energy prices and capacity factors at the entergy wholesale commodities business, utility sales, operations and maintenance costs, interest expense and certain tax and regulatory outcomes. this evaluation indicated that there was significantly more downside risk than upside opportunity in the targets and, as a result, that there was a reasonable degree of challenge embedded in the targets.
2018 performance assessment the following table shows the 2018 incentive plan targets established by the personnel committee and 2018 results:
annual incentive plan targets and results performance goals(1)
consolidated operational earnings per      $5.90                 $6.55    $7.20            $8.58
share consolidated operational operating cash   $2.580                $3.000   $3.420           $2.820
eam as % of target                           25%                  100%     200%             134%
payouts for performance between minimum and target achievement levels and between target and maximum
(1)  levels are calculated using straight-line interpolation.  there is no payout for performance below minimum.
in january 2019, the finance and personnel committees jointly reviewed entergy corporation's financial results against the performance objectives reflected in the table above. management discussed with the committees entergy corporation's consolidated operational earnings per share and consolidated operational operating cash flow
table of contents results for 2018, including primary factors explaining how those results compared to the 2018 business plan and annual incentive plan targets set in january. consolidated operational earnings per share, adjusted as determined by the committee when targets were set at the beginning of the year, exceeded entergy corporation's consolidated operational earnings per share goal of $6.55 per share by $2.03, due in large part to a favorable tax item and a pre-determined adjustment made for the impact of below-plan market performance by the investment securities in entergy corporation's nuclear decommissioning trusts, but management fell short of achieving its consolidated operational operating cash flow goal of $3.000 billion by approximately $180 million, on an adjusted basis, leading to a calculated eam of 134%.
operational results for 2018 excluded the impact of certain special items that were excluded from as-reported
(gaap) consolidated earnings per share and operating cash flow to determine operational earnings per share and operating cash flow, including items related to tax reform legislation, the shutdown and disposition of entergy wholesale commodities business nuclear plants, the accelerated return of unprotected accumulated deferred income taxes as a result of tax reform, entergy wholesale commodities business net revenue and nuclear decommissioning trust tax payments. these were not adjustments made by the committee in determining the eam, but were all considered special items and therefore excluded from the operational results reported to investors and from the financial measures used in the plan targets.
to determine individual executive officer awards under the annual incentive plan for the named executive officers who are members of the office of the chief executive, the personnel committee considered not only each executive's role in executing on entergy corporation's strategies and delivering the strong financial performance achieved in
2018, but also the individual's accountability for certain operational and regulatory challenges it experienced during the year. with these considerations in mind, the committee exercised negative discretion to determine individual awards that ranged from 115% to 122% of target for each of the named executive officers who are members of the office of the chief executive, with the extent of the negative discretion applied varying based on the executive's specific accountabilities and accomplishments.
after the eam was established to determine overall funding for the annual incentive plan, entergy corporation's chief executive officer allocated incentive award funding to individual business units based on business unit results. individual awards were determined for the remaining named executive officers who are not members of the office of the chief executive by their immediate supervisor based on the individual officer's key accountabilities, accomplishments, and performance. this resulted in payouts that ranged from 0% of target to 118% of target for the named executive officers who are not members of the office of the chief executive.
based on the foregoing evaluation of management performance, the named executive officers received the following annual incentive plan payouts for 2018:
named executive officer   base salary(1)  target as percentage of    payout as percentage of        2018 annual base salary                target(2)                  incentive award a. christopher bakken,          $638,125  70%                        122%                              $544,959
table of contents the target opportunities, as a percentage of salary, were determined based on the individual's position and salary at the end of 2018.  such target opportunities for the named executive officers did not change
(1)  from the levels set in 2017, except for ms. landreaux's and mr. riley's, whose target opportunities increased due to their promotions during the year, and mr. rice's whose target opportunities decreased, as he was no longer serving in an officer position at year-end.
(2)  the named executive officers, who are members of the office of the chief executive, may earn a maximum payout ranging from 0% to 200% of their target opportunity, not to exceed the eam.
nuclear retention plan mr. bakken participates in the nuclear retention plan, a retention plan for officers and other leaders with expertise in the nuclear industry. the personnel committee authorized this plan to attract and retain key management and employee talent in the nuclear power field, a field that requires unique technical and other expertise that is in great demand in the utility industry. the plan provides for bonuses to be paid annually over a three-year service period with the bonus opportunity dependent on the participant's management level and continued employment. each annual payment is equal to an amount ranging from 15% to 30% of the employee's base salary as of their date of enrollment in the plan. mr. bakken's participation in the plan commenced in may 2016, and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the plan, in may 2017 and 2018, mr. bakken received, and in may 2019, subject to his continued employment, mr. bakken will receive a cash bonus equal to $181,500 or 30% of his may 1,
2016 base salary. this plan does not provide for accelerated or prorated payout upon termination of any kind.
long-term incentive compensation entergy corporation's goal for its long-term incentive compensation is to focus the executive officers on building shareholder value and to increase the executive officers' ownership of entergy corporation's common stock in order to more closely align their interest with those of entergy corporation's shareholders. in general, entergy corporation seeks to allocate the total value of long-term incentive compensation 60% to performance units and 40%
to a combination of stock options and restricted stock, equally divided in value, based on the value the compensation model seeks to deliver. awards for individual named executive officers may vary from this target as a result of individual performance, promotions, and internal pay equity.
all of the outstanding performance units and all of the shares of restricted stock and stock options granted to the named executive officers in 2018 were granted pursuant to the 2015 equity ownership plan or 2015 equity plan. the
2015 equity plan requires both a change in control and an involuntary job loss or substantial diminution of duties
(a "double trigger") for the acceleration of these awards upon a change in control.
performance unit program the named executive officers are issued performance unit awards under the long-term performance unit program.
•  each performance unit represents one share of entergy corporation's common stock at the end of the three-year performance period, plus dividends accrued during the performance period.
•  the performance units and accrued dividends on any shares earned during the performance period are settled in shares of entergy corporation common stock.
•  the personnel committee sets payout opportunities for the program at the outset of each performance period, with payouts only occurring if the performance goals are met.
•  payouts under this program are not made if minimum performance goals are not achieved.
•  all shares paid out under the long-term performance unit program are required to be retained by entergy corporation's officers until applicable executive stock ownership requirements are met.
the long-term performance unit program specifies a minimum, target and maximum achievement level, the achievement of which will determine the number of performance units that may be earned by each participant. for the
2016-2018 and 2017-2019 performance periods, performance will be measured by assessing entergy corporation's total shareholder return relative to the total shareholder return of the companies in the philadelphia utility index. the personnel committee identified the philadelphia utility index as the appropriate industry peer group for this purpose because the companies included in this index, in the aggregate, are comparable to entergy corporation in terms of business and scale. the personnel committee chose relative total shareholder return as a performance measure because it reflects entergy corporation's creation of shareholder value relative to other electric utilities over the performance period. it also takes into account dividends paid by the companies in this index and normalizes certain events that affect the industry as a whole. minimum, target and maximum performance levels are determined by reference to the ranking of entergy corporation's total shareholder return against the total shareholder return of the companies in the philadelphia utility index.
for the 2018-2020 performance period, performance will be measured using two performance measures - total shareholder return and cumulative adjusted utility, parent & other earnings per share (up&o adjusted eps), with each performance measure weighted equally. up&o adjusted eps, which adjusts entergy corporation's operational utility, parent & other results to eliminate the impact of tax items and weather, was added as a performance measure since delivering steady, predictable growth at the utility is an integral component of executing entergy corporation's strategy, and it aligns with externally communicated utility guidance. similar to the way targets are established for the annual incentive plan, targets for the up&o adjusted eps performance measure were established by the personnel committee after the board's review of entergy corporation's financial plan. these targets also incorporate exclusions similar to those used with the annual incentive plan. given the economic and market conditions at the time the targets were set, the target payout levels for the up&o adjusted eps goal were designed to be challenging but achievable, while payouts at the maximum levels were designed to be stretch goals. payout is based on achieving the performance goals established for each performance measure by the committee at the beginning of the performance period.
performance unit program grants . at any given time, a participant in the long-term performance unit program may be participating in up to three performance periods. during 2018, eligible participants were participating in the
2016-2018, 2017-2019 and 2018-2020 performance periods. subject to achievement of the applicable performance levels as described below, the personnel committee established the following target performance unit payout opportunities for each of the 2016-2018, 2017-2019 and 2018-2020 performance periods.
named executive officer        2016-2018  2017-2019  2018-2020 target target     target a. christopher bakken, iii(1)      7,289      8,300             7,900
performance period.
(2)  as of december 31, 2018, mr. ellis was not a participant in the long-term performance unit program.
(3)  for the 2017-2019 and 2018-2020 performance periods.  as a new officer in 2018, ms. landreaux was not eligible to participate in the 2016-2018 performance period.
(4)  mr. rice and mr. riley's target opportunities were modified in connection with their change in positions in 2018.
the range of potential payouts for the 2016-2018 and 2017-2019 performance periods under the program is shown below.
performance level(1)      zero             minimum                          target             maximum total shareholder return  fourth quartile  bottom of third quartile         median percentile  top quartile payout                    no payout        minimum payout of 25% of target  100% of target     200% of target
(1)  payouts for performance between achievement levels are calculated using straight-line interpolation, with no payouts for performance below the minimum achievement level.
as noted above, for the 2018-2020 performance period, performance will be measured using two performance measures -
total shareholder return and up&o adjusted eps with each performance measure weighted equally. under the 2018-2020
performance period, the performance goals and the payout opportunities associated with the relative total shareholder return metric are consistent with the 2016-2018 and 2017-2019 performance periods, as described above.
based on performance, the performance units allocated to the up&o adjusted eps goal could range from 25% to 200% of the target opportunity, with no payment for performance below the minimum performance goal. the personnel committee established the performance goals and range of potential payouts for the 2018-2020 performance period to encourage strong, focused performance.
payout for the 2016-2018 performance period . in january 2019, the personnel committee reviewed entergy corporation's total shareholder return for the 2016-2018 performance period in order to determine the payout to participants. the committee compared entergy corporation's total shareholder return against the total shareholder return of the companies that comprise the philadelphia utility index, with the performance measures and range of potential payouts for the 2016-2018 performance period as discussed above. as recommended by the finance committee, the personnel committee concluded that entergy corporation's relative total shareholder return for the 2016-2018
performance period fell in the second quartile, yielding a payout of 111% of target for the named executive officers.
named executive officer    2016-2018  number of shares issued   value of shares actually  grant date fair value target                                           issued(1)
(1)  value determined based on the closing price of entergy corporation's common stock on january 17, 2019
($86.03), the date the personnel committee certified the 2016-2018 performance period results.
performance period.
(3)  as a new hire in 2018, mr. ellis was not eligible to participate in 2016-2018 performance period.
(4)  as a new officer in 2018, ms. landreaux was not a participant in the 2016-2018 performance period.
(5)  mr. rice and mr. riley experienced a change in officer status in 2018, and accordingly, each received a pro-rated award opportunity for the 2016-2018 performance period.
stock options and restricted stock factors used by the personnel committee to determine the number of stock options and shares of restricted stock it will grant to entergy corporation's named executive officers include entergy corporation and individual performance, internal pay equity, prevailing market practice, with the committee's assessment of individual performance of each named executive officer other than entergy corporation's chief executive officer being the most important factor in determining the number of shares of restricted stock and stock options awarded and comparative market data being the most important factor in determining entergy corporation's chief executive officer's award levels. the personnel committee, in consultation with entergy corporation's chief executive officer, reviews each other named executive officer's performance, role and responsibilities, strengths and developmental opportunities.
stock option and restricted stock awards for entergy corporation's chief executive officer are determined solely by the personnel committee on the basis of the same considerations.
the following table sets forth the number of stock options and shares of restricted stock granted to each named executive officer in 2018. the exercise price for each option was $78.08, which was the closing price of entergy corporation's common stock on the date of grant.
named executive officer     stock options  shares of restricted stock a. christopher bakken, iii         40,500                       5,000
stock options are awarded only to individuals who are officers at the time of grant.  ms. landreaux was
(2)  not eligible to receive stock options in 2018 because she was not an officer when the grants were made in
table of contents benefits and perquisites entergy corporation's named executive officers are eligible to participate in or receive the following benefits:
entergy retirement plan- a tax-qualified final average pay defined benefit pension plan that covers a broad group of employees hired before july 1, 2014.
cash balance plan- a tax-qualified cash balance defined benefit pension plan that covers a broad group of employees hired on or after july 1, 2014.
pension equalization plan- a non-qualified pension restoration plan for a select group of management or highly compensated employees who participate in the entergy retirement plan.
cash balance equalization plan- a non-qualified restoration plan for a select group of management or highly compensated employees who participate in the cash balance plan.
system executive retirement plan- a non-qualified supplemental retirement plan for individuals who became executive officers before july 1, 2014.
plan type                  see the 2018 pension benefits table for additional information regarding the retirement plans           operation of the plans described above.
savings plan               entergy corporation-sponsored 401(k) savings plan that covers a broad group of employees.
medical, dental, and vision coverage, life and accidental death and dismemberment insurance, business travel accident insurance, and long-term disability insurance.
health & welfare benefits  eligibility, coverage levels, potential employee contributions, and other plan design features are the same for the named executive officers as for the broad employee population.
corporate aircraft usage, annual mandatory physical exams, relocation assistance, and event tickets.  the named executive offices who are members of the office of the chief executive do not receive tax gross ups on any benefits, except for relocation
2018 perquisites           assistance.named executive officers who are not members of the office of the chief executive also were provided in 2018 with club dues and tax gross up payments on some perquisites.for additional information regarding perquisites, see the "all other compensation" column in the 2018 summary compensation table.
the named executive officers are eligible to defer up to 100% of their base salary deferred compensation      and annual incentive plan awards into the entergy corporation sponsored executive deferred compensation plan.
eligible individuals who become disabled under the terms of the plan are eligible executive disability plan  for 65% of the difference between their annual base salary and $276,923 (i.e. the annual base salary that produces the maximum $15,000 monthly disability payment under the general long-term disability plan).
entergy corporation provides these benefits to the named executive officers as part of providing a competitive executive compensation program and because it believes that these benefits are important retention and recruitment tools since many of the companies with which it competes for executive talent provide similar arrangements to their senior executive officers.
table of contents severance and other compensation arrangements the personnel committee believes that retention and transitional compensation arrangements are an important part of overall compensation as they help to secure the continued employment and dedication of the named executive officers, notwithstanding any concern that they might have at the time of a change in control regarding their own continued employment. in addition, the personnel committee believes that these arrangements are important as recruitment and retention devices, as many of the companies with which entergy corporation competes for executive talent have similar arrangements in place for their senior employees.
to achieve these objectives, entergy corporation has established a system executive continuity plan under which executive officers, defined as ml level 1 through 4 officers (ml 1-4 officers), are entitled to receive "change in control" payments and benefits if such officer's employment is involuntarily terminated in connection with a change in control of entergy corporation and its subsidiaries. severance payments under the system executive continuity plan generally are based on a multiple of the sum of an executive officer's annual base salary plus his or her average annual incentive plan award for the two calendar years immediately preceding the calendar year in which the termination of employment occurs. under the policy, under no circumstances can this multiple exceed 2.99 times the sum of the executive officer's annual base salary and his or her annual incentive, calculated in accordance with this policy. entergy corporation strives to ensure that the benefits and payment levels under the system executive continuity plan are consistent with market practices. entergy corporation's executive officers, including the named executive officers, are not entitled to any tax gross up payments on any severance benefits received under this plan. for more information regarding the system executive continuity plan, see "2018 potential payments upon termination or change in control."
in certain cases, the personnel committee may approve the execution of a retention agreement with an individual executive officer. these decisions are made on a case by case basis to reflect specific retention needs or other factors, including market practice. if a retention agreement is entered into with an individual officer, the committee considers the economic value associated with that agreement in making overall compensation decisions for that officer. entergy corporation has voluntarily adopted a policy that any employment or severance agreements providing severance benefits in excess of 2.99 times the sum of an officer's annual base salary and annual incentive award (other than the value of the vesting or payment of an outstanding equity-based award or the pro rata vesting or payment of an outstanding long-term incentive award) must be approved by entergy corporation's shareholders.
mr. denault entergy corporation currently has a retention agreement with mr. denault. in general, mr. denault's retention agreement provides for certain payments and benefits in the event of his termination of employment by his entergy employer other than for cause, by mr. denault for good reason or on account of his death or disability. see "2018
potential payments upon termination or change in control - mr. denault's 2006 retention agreement." because mr.
denault is not entitled to receive tax gross up payments on any payments or benefits he may receive under his agreement. mr. denault's retention agreement was entered into in 2006 when he was entergy corporation's chief financial officer and was designed to reflect the competition for chief financial officer talent in the marketplace at that time and the personnel committee's assessment of the critical role this position played in executing entergy corporation's long-term financial and other strategic objectives. based on the market data provided by its former independent compensation consultant, the committee, at the time the agreement was entered into, believed the benefits and payment levels under mr. denault's retention agreement were consistent with market practices.
mr. bakken in connection with the commencement of his employment, entergy corporation provided mr. bakken relocation assistance to facilitate his move to jackson, mississippi where entergy corporation's nuclear fleet corporate headquarters is located. as part of that relocation assistance, entergy corporation agreed to provide mr. bakken with certain relocation benefits, including the purchase of mr. bakken's house at a fixed price which the personnel committee
table of contents determined was necessary to facilitate mr. bakken's transition to entergy corporation and to mitigate the expenses associated with his relocation. the terms of mr. bakken's employment, including the relocation assistance, were reviewed by the personnel committee, were determined based on competitive market data, and were designed to reflect the competition for chief nuclear officer talent in the marketplace and the committee's assessment of the critical role this position plays in transforming the nuclear fleet and to encourage retention of his leadership in light of his marketability as a chief nuclear officer.
mr. ellis in connection with the commencement of his employment as president, entergy new orleans, mr. ellis is eligible for certain relocation benefits pursuant to our relocation assistance policy including assistance with moving expenses, transportation of household goods and assistance with the sale of his home. mr. ellis also received a sign-on bonus of $200,000 when he assumed this role. mr. ellis's sign-on bonus and certain of his relocation benefits are subject to forfeiture under certain circumstances if mr. ellis' employment is terminated within two years of the commencement of his employment.
mr. ellis is eligible to participate in our annual and long-term incentive plans at the same level as the other chief executive officers of the utility operating companies, except mr. may. mr. ellis was not eligible to participate in the 2016-2018 performance period, but received pro-rated target award opportunities for the 2017-
2019 and 2018-2020 performance periods in january 2019, in accordance with the terms of the program. mr. ellis also participates in our cash balance plan and our cash balance equalization plan, retirement plans that are available to all eligible executive officers hired on or after july 1, 2014. for more information about the cash balance plan and our cash balance equalization plan, see "2018 pension benefits." beginning in 2019, mr. ellis also is eligible to participate in our annual stock option and restricted stock programs.
mr. riley when mr. riley assumed the position of senior vice president, distribution operations and asset management, entergy services, llc, he was required to relocate from arkansas to entergy corporation's corporate office in new orleans.
to facilitate the transition to this new role, entergy corporation provided mr. riley relocation assistance pursuant to our relocation assistance policy, including assistance with moving expenses, transportation of household goods and assistance with the sale of his home.
compensation policies and practices entergy corporation strives to ensure that its compensation philosophy and practices are in line with the best practices of companies in its industry as well as other companies in the s&p 500. some of these practices include the following:
clawback provisions entergy corporation has adopted a clawback policy that covers all individuals subject to section 16 of the exchange act, including the members of the office of the chief executive, and the other named executive officers. under the policy, which goes beyond the requirements of sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 (sarbanes-oxley), the personnel committee will require reimbursement of incentives paid to these executive officers where:
(i) the payment was predicated upon the achievement of certain financial results with respect to the applicable performance period that were subsequently determined to be the subject of a material restatement
•  other than a restatement due to changes in accounting policy; or (ii) a material miscalculation of a performance award occurs, whether or not the financial statements were restated and, in either such case, a lower payment would have been made to the executive officer based upon the restated financial results or correct calculation; or in the board of directors' view, the executive officer engaged in fraud that caused or partially caused the
•  need for a restatement or caused a material miscalculation of a performance award, in each case, whether or not the financial statements were restated.
table of contents the amount the personnel committee requires to be reimbursed is equal to the excess of the gross incentive payment made over the gross payment that would have been made if the original payment had been determined based on the restated financial results or correct calculation. further, following a material restatement of entergy corporation's financial statements, entergy corporation will seek to recover any compensation received by entergy corporation's chief executive officer and chief financial officer that is required to be reimbursed under sarbanes-
stock ownership guidelines and share retention requirements for many years, entergy corporation has had stock ownership guidelines for executives, including the named executive officers. these guidelines are designed to align the executives' long-term financial interests with the interests of entergy corporation's shareholders. annually, the personnel committee monitors the executive officers'
role                       value of common stock to be owned chief executive officer    6 times base salary executive vice presidents  3 times base salary senior vice presidents     2 times base salary vice presidents            1 time base salary further, to facilitate compliance with the guidelines, until an executive officer satisfies the stock ownership guidelines, the officer must retain:
•  all net after-tax shares paid out under the long-term performance unit program;
•  all net after-tax shares of the restricted stock and restricted stock units received upon vesting; and
•  at least 75% of the after-tax net shares received upon the exercise of entergy corporation stock options.
trading controls and anti-pledging and anti-hedging policies executive officers, including the named executive officers, are required to receive the permission of entergy corporation's general counsel prior to entering into any transaction involving entergy corporation securities, including gifts, other than the exercise of employee stock options. trading is generally permitted only during specified open trading windows beginning immediately following the release of earnings. employees, who are subject to trading restrictions, including the named executive officers, may enter into trading plans under rule 10b5-1 of the exchange act, but these trading plans may be entered into only during an open trading window and must be approved by entergy corporation. the named executive officer bears full responsibility if he or she violates entergy corporation's policy by permitting shares to be bought or sold without pre-approval or when trading is restricted.
entergy corporation also prohibits directors and executive officers, including the named executive officers, from pledging any entergy corporation securities or entering into margin accounts involving entergy corporation securities. entergy corporation prohibits these transactions because of the potential that sales of entergy corporation securities could occur outside trading periods and without the required approval of the general counsel.
entergy corporation also has adopted an anti-hedging policy that prohibits officers, directors, and employees from entering into hedging or monetization transactions involving entergy corporation's common stock. prohibited transactions include, without limitation, zero-cost collars, forward sale contracts, purchase or sale of options, puts, calls, straddles or equity swaps or other derivatives that are directly linked to entergy corporation's stock or transactions involving "short-sales" of its common stock. the board adopted this policy to require officers, directors, and employees to continue to own entergy corporation stock with the full risks and rewards of ownership, thereby ensuring continued alignment of their objectives with those of entergy corporation's other shareholders.
table of contents how entergy corporation makes compensation decisions role of the personnel committee the personnel committee is responsible for overseeing the development and administration of the compensation and benefits policies and programs. the committee, which consists of three independent directors, is responsible for the review and approval of all aspects of the executive compensation programs. among its duties, the personnel committee is responsible for formulating the compensation recommendations for entergy corporation's chief executive officer and approving all compensation recommendations for all members of the office of chief executive, including:
•  annual review of the compensation elements and mix of elements for the following year;
•  annual review and approval of incentive program design, goals and objectives for alignment with entergy corporation's compensation and business strategies;
•  evaluation of company and individual performance results in light of these goals and objectives;
•  evaluation of the competitiveness of each executive officer's total compensation package;
•  approval of any changes to entergy corporation's officers' total compensation package, including but not limited to, base salary, annual and long-term incentive award opportunities, and retention programs;
•  evaluation of the performance of entergy corporation's chairman and chief executive officer; and
•  reporting, at least annually, to the board on succession planning.
the personnel committee is supported in its work by its independent compensation consultant and executive management to ensure that the compensation policies and practices are consistent with entergy corporation's values and support the successful recruitment, development and retention of executive talent so that entergy corporation can achieve its business objectives and optimize its long-term financial returns.
role of the chief executive officer within the framework of the compensation programs approved by the personnel committee and competitive data, each year entergy corporation's chief executive officer makes recommendations with respect to compensation decisions for the members of the office of the chief executive. entergy corporation's chief executive officer provides the personnel committee with an assessment of the performance of each of the other named executive officers and recommends compensation levels to be awarded to each of them. in addition, the committee may request that the chief executive officer provide management feedback and recommendations on changes in the design of the executive compensation programs, such as special retention plans or changes in incentive program structure. however, entergy corporation's chief executive officer does not play any role with respect to any matter affecting his own compensation, and is not present when the committee discusses and formulates his compensation. the personnel committee also relies on the recommendations of the most senior human resources' officer with respect to compensation decisions, policies and practices.
entergy corporation's chief executive officer may attend meetings of the personnel committee only at the invitation of the chair of the personnel committee and cannot call a meeting of the committee. since he is not a member of the committee, he has no vote on matters submitted to the committee. during 2018, mr. denault attended 6 meetings of the personnel committee.
role of the compensation consultant the personnel committee conducts an annual review of the compensation consultant, and in 2018, it retained pay governance llc as its independent compensation consultant to assist it in, among other things, evaluating different compensation practices and programs and developing market data to assess entergy corporation's compensation programs. also in 2018, the corporate governance committee retained pay governance to review and perform a competitive analysis of non-employee director compensation.
table of contents during 2018, pay governance assisted the personnel committee with its responsibilities related to entergy corporation's compensation programs for its executives. the committee directed pay governance to: (i) regularly attend meetings of the committee; (ii) conduct studies of competitive compensation practices; (iii) identify entergy corporation's market surveys and proxy peer group; (iv) review base salary, annual incentives, and long-
term incentive compensation opportunities relative to competitive practices; and (v) develop conclusions and recommendations related to the executive compensation programs for consideration by the committee. a senior consultant from pay governance attended all personnel committee meetings to which he was invited in 2018.
the personnel committee has the sole authority to hire the compensation consultant, approve its compensation, determine the nature and scope of its services evaluate its performance and terminate its engagement.
compensation consultant independence to maintain the independence of the personnel committee's compensation consultant, the board has adopted a policy that any consultant (including its affiliates) retained by the board of directors or any committee of the board of directors to provide advice or recommendations on the amount or form of executive or director compensation should not be retained by entergy corporation or any of its affiliates to provide other services in an aggregate amount that exceeds $120,000 in any year. pay governance did not provide any services to management in 2018.
annually, the personnel committee reviews the relationship with its compensation consultant, including services provided, quality of those services, and fees associated with services in its evaluation of the compensation consultant's independence. the committee also assesses pay governance's independence under nyse rules and has concluded that no conflicts of interest exist that would prevent pay governance from independently advising the personnel committee personnel committee report the personnel committee report included in the entergy corporation proxy statement is incorporated by reference, but will not be deemed to be "filed" in this annual report on form 10-k. none of the subsidiaries has a compensation committee or other board committee performing equivalent functions. the board of directors of each of the subsidiaries is comprised of individuals who are officers or employees of entergy corporation or one of the subsidiaries. these boards do not make determinations regarding the compensation paid to executive officers of the subsidiaries.
table of contents executive compensation tables
2018 summary compensation tables the following table summarizes the total compensation paid or earned by each of the named executive officers for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2018, and to the extent required by sec executive compensation disclosure rules, the fiscal years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016. for information on the principal positions held by each of the named executive officers, see item 10, "directors and executive officers of the registrants."
the compensation set forth in the table represents the aggregate compensation paid by all entergy system companies.
for additional information regarding the material terms of the awards reported in the following tables, including a general description of the formula or criteria to be applied in determining the amounts payable, see "compensation discussion and analysis."
(a)          -b          -c          -d          -e          -f          -g          -h          -i          -j change in name                                                               non-equ...     pension and                                           stock      option    incenti...       value princi...    year      salary       bonus      awards      awards        plan         and    allothe...       total positi...                 (2)         (3)         (4)         (5)    compen-...    non-qua...         (8)
and chief nuclear officer    2016    $426,990    $650,000    $3,292,...          $-    $529,375     $27,900    $140,601    $5,067,...
of entergy corp.
and general counsel of         2016    $563,208          $-    $1,144,...    $333,000    $550,550    $934,600     $34,381    $3,560,...
of the board and ceo    2016    $1,191,...          $-    $4,632,...    $1,235,...    $2,154,...    $4,166,...     $97,786    $13,478...
(a)          -b          -c    -d              -e          -f          -g           -h          -i           -j change in name                                                             non-equ...      pension and                                         stock      option    incenti...    value and princi...    year      salary    bonus       awards      awards        plan    non-qual...    allothe...        total positi...                 (2)    (3)            (4)         (5)    compen-...     deferred
of entergy corp.
mr. bakken was named executive vice president and chief nuclear officer in april 2016. mr. ellis was named
(1)  chief executive officer, entergy new orleans in december 2018, and ms. landreaux was named chief executive officer, entergy arkansas in july 2018.
the amounts in column (c) represent the actual base salary paid to the named executive officers in the
(2)  applicable year.  except as otherwise provided, the 2018 changes in base salaries noted in the compensation discussion and analysis were effective in april 2018.
(3)  amount in column (d) in 2016 for mr. bakken represents a cash sign-on bonus paid to mr. bakken in connection with his commencement of employment with entergy corporation.  the amount in column (d) in 2018
for mr. ellis represents a cash sign-on bonus paid in connection with his commencement of employment with entergy new orleans.
the amounts in column (e) represent the aggregate grant date fair value of restricted stock, performance
(4)  units, and restricted stock units granted under the 2015 equity plan, each calculated in accordance with fasb asc topic 718, without taking into account estimated forfeitures.  the grant date fair value of the restricted stock and
table of contents restricted stock units is based on the closing price of entergy corporation common stock on the date of grant. the grant date fair value of the portion of the performance units with vesting based on the total shareholder return was measured using a monte carlo simulation valuation model. the simulation model applies a risk-free interest rate and an expected volatility assumption. the risk-free interest rate is assumed to equal the yield on a three-year treasury bond on the grant date. volatility is based on historical volatility for the 36-month period preceding the grant date. the performance units in the table are also valued based on the probable outcome of the applicable performance condition at the time of grant. the maximum value of shares that will be received if the highest achievement level is attained with respect to both the total shareholder return and up&o adjusted eps, for performance units granted in 2018 are as follows: mr. bakken, $1,233,664; mr. brown, $1,233,664; mr. denault,
$257,664; mr. rice, $257,664; mr. riley, $505,072; and mr. west, $1,233,664. the amount in 2016 for mr. bakken includes restricted stock units granted to him in connection with his commencement of employment as chief nuclear officer.
the amounts in column (f) represent the aggregate grant date fair value of stock options granted under the
(5)  2015 equity plan calculated in accordance with fasb asc topic 718.  for a discussion of the relevant assumptions used in valuing these awards, see note 12 to the financial statements.
(6)  the amounts in column (g) represent cash payments made under the annual incentive plan.
for all named executive officers, the amounts in column (h) include the annual actuarial increase in the present value of these named executive officers' benefits under all pension plans established by entergy corporation using interest rate and mortality rate assumptions consistent with those used in entergy corporation's financial statements and include amounts which the named executive officers may not
(7)  currently be entitled to receive because such amounts are not vested (see "2018 pension benefits").  for
2018, the aggregate change in the actuarial present value was a decrease of pension benefits of $52,000
west.  none of the increases for any of the named executive officers is attributable to above-market or preferential earnings on non-qualified deferred compensation (see "2018 non-qualified deferred compensation").
the amounts in column (i) for 2018 include (a) matching contributions by entergy corporation under the savings plan to each of the named executive officers; (b) dividends paid on restricted stock when vested;
named                 company        dividends                                          perquisites executive        contribution          paid on    life insurance     tax gross up         and other       total officer             - savings       restricted           premium         payments      compensation plan            stock a.
table of contents perquisites and other compensation the amounts set forth in column (i) also include perquisites and other personal benefits that entergy corporation provides to its named executive officers as part of providing a competitive executive compensation programs and for employee retention. the following perquisites were provided to the named executive officers in 2018.
named executive         relocation  personal use of           club dues  executive physical       event tickets officer                             corporate aircraft                   exams a. christopher bakken,  x           x                                    x iii marcus v. brown                                                          x leo p. denault                      x                                    x                        x david d. ellis          x haley r. fisackerly                                           x          x laura r. landreaux                                            x andrew s. marsh                                                          x phillip r. may, jr.                                                                               x sallie t. rainer                                              x charles l. rice, jr.                                          x          x richard c. riley        x                                     x roderick k. west                    x                                    x for security and business reasons, entergy corporation's chief executive officer is permitted to use its corporate aircraft for personal use at the expense of entergy corporation. the other named executive officers may use the corporate aircraft for personal travel subject to the approval of entergy corporation's chief executive officer.
the personnel committee reviews the level of usage throughout the year. entergy corporation believes that its officers' ability to use its plane for limited personal use saves time and provides additional security for them, thereby benefiting entergy corporation. the amounts included in column (i) for the personal use of corporate aircraft, reflect the incremental cost to entergy corporation for use of the corporate aircraft, determined on the basis of the variable operational costs of each flight, including fuel, maintenance, flight crew travel expense, catering, communications, and fees, including flight planning, ground handling, and landing permits. in addition, entergy corporation offers its executives comprehensive annual physical exams at entergy corporation's expense.
tickets to cultural and sporting events are purchased for business purposes, and if not utilized for business purposes, the tickets are made available to the employees, including the named executive officers, for personal use.
entergy corporation also provides relocation benefits to a broad base of employees which include assistance with moving expenses, transportation of household goods and in certain circumstances, assistance with the sale of the employee's home. in connection with employment, and in accordance with its relocation policies, entergy corporation paid $27,230 and $114,928 in relocation expense for messrs. ellis and riley, respectively, in 2018. the relocation assistance amounts reported above represent the amount paid to entergy's relocation service provider or messrs.
ellis or riley, as applicable. certain of mr. ellis's relocation benefits are subject to forfeiture if mr. ellis terminates his service prior to the two year anniversary of his date of hire. in connection with his employment and as an inducement for mr. bakken to join entergy corporation and relocate to jackson, mississippi, and in accordance with its relocation policies and pursuant to certain additional relocation benefits, entergy corporation agreed to purchase mr. bakken's home at a fixed price. in 2018, entergy corporation sold the purchased property. the amount reported in this column above includes $400,074 from the loss on the sale of mr. bakken's home, which was calculated based on the agreed upon price entergy corporation paid for the home as compared to the price entergy corporation received upon disposition.
none of the other perquisites referenced above exceeded $25,000 for any of the other named executive officers.
2018 grants of plan-based awards the following table summarizes award grants during 2018 to the named executive officers.
na...    date    thr...  tar...  max...          thr...        tar...        max...          of            nu...    pri...     of sha...          of       of    st...
of            se...    opt...    and sto...          un...    awa...    op...
table of contents est...                est...
na...    date    thr...  tar...  max...          thr...        tar...        max...          of           num...    pr...      of sha...         of       of    sto...
of           sec...    op...     and sto...         und...    aw...    opt...
the amounts in columns (c), (d), and (e) represent minimum, target, and maximum payment levels under the
(1)  annual incentive plan.  the actual amounts awarded are reported in column (g) of the summary compensation table.
the amounts in columns (f), (g), and (h) represent the minimum, target, and maximum payment levels under the long-term performance unit program.  performance under the program is measured by entergy corporation's total shareholder return relative to the total shareholder returns of the companies included in the philadelphia utility index and up&o adjusted eps with each performance measure weighted equally.
(2)  there is no payout under the program if entergy corporation's total shareholder return falls within the lowest quartile of the peer companies in the philadelphia utility index and up&o adjusted eps is below the minimum performance goal.  subject to the achievement of performance targets, each unit will be converted into one share of entergy corporation's common stock on the last day of the performance period (december
the amounts in column (i) represent shares of restricted stock granted under the 2015 equity plan.  shares
(3)  of restricted stock vest one-third on each of the first through third anniversaries of the grant date, have voting rights, and accrue dividends during the vesting period.
the amounts in column (j) represent options to purchase shares of entergy corporation's common stock.  the
(4)  options vest one-third on each of the first through third anniversaries of the grant date and have a ten-year term from the date of grant.  the options were granted under the 2015 equity plan.
table of contents the amounts in column (l) are valued based on the aggregate grant date fair value of the award calculated
(5)  in accordance with fasb asc topic 718 and, in the case of the performance units, are based on the probable outcome of the applicable performance conditions.  see notes 4 and 5 to the 2018 summary compensation table for a discussion of the relevant assumptions used in calculating the grant date fair value.
(6)  ms. landreaux's and messrs. rice's and riley's awards were modified in connection with their changes in position.
2018 outstanding equity awards at fiscal year-end the following table summarizes, for each named executive officer, unexercised options, restricted stock that has not vested, and equity incentive plan awards outstanding as of december 31, 2018.
incen...                       of                of    number       or numb...            numb...    plan                         shar...          shar...    of        payo...
of               of       award...                       or                or    unear...    value secu...            secu...    number    opti...    option    units          units    share...       of name             unde...            unde...    of        exer...    expir...    of                of    units     unea...
opti...            opti...    under...                       that            that    other     units exer...            unex...    unexe...                       have            have    rights       or unear...                       not              not    that      other optio...                       vest...          vest...    have      righ...
table of contents option                                                         stock awards                                                         awar...
ince...      plan market    plan     award...
equi...                       number          value    awar...    market ince...                       of                 of    numb...        or number           number    plan                        shares         shares    of       payout of               of        awar...                       or                 or    unea...     value secur...           secur...    numb...    option    opti...    units           units    shar...        of name            under...           under...    of       exerc...    expi...    of                 of    units    unear...
table of contents opti...                                                         stock awar...                                                         awards
incen...                       of                of    number       or numb...            numb...    plan                         shar...          shar...    of        payo...
of               of       award...                       or                or    unear...    value secu...            secu...    number    opti...    option    units          units    share...       of name             unde...            unde...    of        exer...    expir...    of                of    units     unea...
opti...            opti...    under...                       that            that    other     units exer...            unex...    unexe...                       have            have    rights       or unear...                       not              not    that      other optio...                       vest...          vest...    have      righ...
table of contents opti...                                                         stock awar...                                                         awards
incen...                       of                of    number       or numb...            numb...    plan                         shar...          shar...    of        payo...
of               of       award...                       or                or    unear...    value secu...            secu...    number    opti...    option    units          units    share...       of name             unde...            unde...    of        exer...    expir...    of                of    units     unea...
opti...            opti...    under...                       that            that    other     units exer...            unex...    unexe...                       have            have    rights       or unear...                       not              not    that      other optio...                       vest...          vest...    have      righ...
(1)  consists of options granted under the 2015 equity plan that vested or will vest as follows: 1/3 of the options granted vest on each of january 25, 2019, january 25, 2020 and january 25, 2021.
(2)  consists of options granted under the 2015 equity plan that vested or will vest as follows: 1/2 of the remaining unexercisable options vest on each of january 26, 2019 and january 26, 2020.
(3)  consists of options granted under the 2015 equity plan that vested on january 28, 2019.
consists of performance units granted under the 2015 equity plan that will vest on december 31, 2020 based on two performance measures: 1) entergy corporation's total shareholder return performance over the
(4)  2018-2020 performance period and 2) up&o adjusted eps with each performance measure weighted equally, as described under "what entergy corporation pays and why - executive compensation elements - variable compensation - long-term incentive compensation - performance unit program" in the compensation discussion and analysis.
(5)  consists of performance units granted under the 2015 equity plan that will vest on december 31, 2019 based on entergy corporation's total shareholder return performance over the 2017-2019 performance period.
consists of shares of restricted stock granted under the 2015 equity plan that vested or will vest as
(6)  follows:  1/3 of the shares of restricted stock granted vest on each of january 25, 2019, january 25,
consists of shares of restricted stock granted under the 2015 equity plan that vested or will vest as
(7)  follows:  1/2 of the shares of restricted stock granted vest on each of january 26, 2019 and january 26,
(8)  consists of shares of restricted stock granted under the 2015 equity plan that vested on january 28, 2019.
(9)  consists of restricted stock units granted under the 2015 equity plan which will vest on august 3, 2020.
(10)  consists of restricted stock units granted under the 2015 equity plan which will vest one third on april
2018 option exercises and stock vested the following table provides information concerning each exercise of stock options and each vesting of stock during
2018 for the named executive officers.
(a)                        -b                                -c            -d                                -e number of shares      value realized            number of shares      value realized name                       acquired on              on exercise            acquired on            on vesting(1)
west represents the value of performance units for the 2016-2018 performance period (payable solely in shares
(1)  based on the closing stock price of entergy corporation on the date of vesting) under the performance unit program and the vesting of shares of restricted stock in 2018.
(2)  includes the may 1, 2018 cash settlement of 21,000 restricted stock units granted under the 2011 equity ownership plan.
2018 pension benefits the following table shows the present value as of december 31, 2018, of accumulated benefits payable to each of the named executive officers, including the number of years of service credited to each named executive officer, under the retirement plans sponsored by entergy corporation, determined using interest rate and mortality rate assumptions set forth in note 11 to the financial statements. additional information regarding these retirement plans follows this table.
number of years         present value of    payments during name                 plan name                    credited service             accumulated    2018
benefit a. christopher       cash balance           2.74                                  $121,600    $-
marcus v.            system executive      23.74                                $5,189,800    $-
plan leo p.               system executive      34.83                               $23,059,200    $-
haley r.             system executive      23.08                                $1,355,000    $-
plan andrew s. marsh      system executive      20.37                                $3,376,500    $-
plan phillip r. may,      system executive      32.56                                $2,450,400    $-
plan sallie t.            system executive      34.38                                $1,301,300    $-
plan charles l. rice,     system executive       9.10                                  $614,600    $-
plan richard c.           system executive      29.01                                $1,867,500    $-
plan roderick k. west     system executive      19.75                                $4,523,600    $-
(1)  as of december 31, 2018, mr. brown, mr. denault, mr. may, ms. rainer, and mr. riley were retirement eligible.
in 2006, mr. denault entered into a retention agreement granting him an additional 15 years of service and permission to retire under the non-qualified system executive retirement plan in the event his employment
denault for good reason (as defined in the retention agreement), or on account of his death or disability.
15 years of service under the non-qualified system executive retirement plan only if his entergy employer grants him permission to retire. the additional 15 years of service increases the present value of his benefit by
service under the non-qualified system executive retirement plan is granted from the date of hire.
(3)  qualified plan benefit service is granted from the later of the date of hire or the plan participation date.
(4)  retirement plan does not include any credit service prior to his rehire date; however, the system executive retirement plan reflects a net credited service date of december 28, 1989.
(5)  mr. rice's benefit accruals in the system executive retirement plan ceased with his change in position.
he continues to accrue benefits under the entergy retirement plan and the pension equalization plan.
the tables below contain summaries of the pension benefit plans sponsored by entergy corporation that the named executive officers participated in during 2018. benefits for the named executive officers who participate in these plans are determined using the same formulas as for other eligible employees.
qualified retirement benefits entergy retirement plan phillip r. may, jr.
sallie t. rainer               cash balance plan marcus v. brown      charles l. rice, jr.           a. christopher bakken, iii haley r. fisackerly  richard c. riley               david d. ellis eligible named executive      leo p. denault       roderick k. west               non-bargaining employees officers                      andrew s. marsh      non-bargaining employees       hired on or after july 1, eligibility                   laura r. landreaux   hired before july 1, 2014      2014
a participant becomes vested   a participant becomes vested in the entergy retirement      in the cash balance plan upon plan upon attainment of at     attainment of at least 3
vesting                                            least 5 years of vesting       years of vesting service or service or upon attainment of  upon attainment of age 65
age 65 while actively          while actively employed by an employed by an entergy system  entergy system company.
benefits are payable as an annuity. for employees who separate from service on or    benefits are payable as an form of payment upon                               after january 1, 2018, a       annuity or single lump sum retirement                                         single lump sum distribution   distribution.
table of contents the normal retirement benefit at age 65
benefits are calculated as a single      is determined by converting the sum of life annuity payable at age 65 and       an employee's annual pay credits and his generally are equal to 1.5% of a         or her annual interest credits, into an participant's final average monthly      actuarially equivalent annuity.
earnings (fame) multiplied by years of   pay credits ranging from 4-8% of an service (not to exceed 40).              employee's eligible earnings are
"earnings" for the purpose of            allocated annually to a notional account calculating fame generally includes the  for the employee based on an employee's employee's base salary and eligible      age and years of service.  earnings for annual incentive awards subject to       purposes of calculating an employee's internal revenue code limitations, and   pay credit include the employee's base excludes all other bonuses.  executive   salary and annual incentive awards retirement benefit formula    annual incentive awards are not          subject to internal revenue code eligible for inclusion in earnings       limitations and exclude all other under this plan.                         bonuses. executive annual incentive fame is calculated using the employee's  awards are eligible for inclusion in average monthly earnings for the 60      earnings under this plan.
consecutive months in which the          interest credits are calculated based employee's earnings were highest during  upon the annual rate of interest on the 120 month                            30-year u.s. treasury securities, as period immediately preceding the         specified by the internal revenue employee's retirement and includes up    service, for the month of august to 5 eligible annual incentive awards    preceding the first day of the paid during the 60 month period.         applicable calendar year subject to a minimum rate of 2.6% and a maximum rate of 9%.
normal retirement age under the plan is
a reduced terminated vested benefit may be commenced as early as age 55. the amount of this benefit is determined by  normal retirement age under the plan is reducing the normal retirement benefit   65.
by 7% per year for the first 5 years     a vested cash balance benefit can be commencement precedes age 65, and 6%     commenced as early as the first day of per year for each additional year        the month following separation from benefit timing                commencement precedes age 65.            service.  the amount of the benefit is a subsidized early retirement benefit    determined in the same manner as the may be commenced by employees who are    normal retirement benefit described at least age 55 with 10 years of         above in the "retirement benefit service at the time they separate from   formula" section.
service. the amount of this benefit is determined by reducing the normal retirement benefit by 2% per year for each year that early retirement precedes age 65.
non-qualified retirement benefits the named executive officers are eligible to participate in certain non-qualified retirement benefit plans that provide retirement income, including the pension equalization plan, the cash balance equalization plan, and the system executive retirement plan. each of these plans is an unfunded non-qualified defined benefit pension plan that provides benefits to key management employees. in these plans, as described below, an executive may participate in one or more non-qualified plans, but is only paid the amount due under the plan that provides the highest benefit. in general, upon disability, participants in the pension equalization plan and the system executive retirement plan remain eligible for continued service credits until the earlier of recovery, separation from service due to disability, or retirement eligibility. generally, spouses of participants who die before commencement of benefits may be eligible for a portion of the participant's accrued benefit.
table of contents pension equalization plan phillip r. may,                                          system executive jr.                                                      retirement plan sallie t. rainer   cash balance                          phillip r. may, charles l. rice,   equalization plan                     jr.
marcus v. brown    management or      management or                         richard c. riley haley r.           highly             highly                                roderick k. west fisackerly         compensated        compensated        marcus v. brown    certain eligible named    leo p. denault     employees who      employees who      haley r.           individuals who executive         laura r.           participate in     participate in     fisackerly         became executive officers          landreaux          the entergy        the cash balance   leo p. denault     officers before eligibility       andrew s. marsh    retirement plan    plan               andrew s. marsh    july 1, 2014
form of payment                      single lump sum    single lump sum                       single lump sum upon retirement                      distribution       distribution                          distribution benefits                                                 benefits generally are                                            generally are equal to the                                             equal to the actuarial present                                        actuarial present value of the                                             value of a difference                                               specified between (1) the                                          percentage, based amount that would  benefits                              on the have been payable  generally are                         participant's as an annuity      equal to the                          years of service under the entergy  difference                            (including retirement plan,   between the                           supplemental including          amount that would                     service granted executive annual   have been payable                     under the plan)
incentive awards   as a lump sum                         and management as eligible        under the cash                        level of the earnings and       balance plan, but                     participant's without applying   for internal                          "final average internal revenue   revenue code                          monthly retirement                           code limitations   limitations on                        compensation"
benefit formula                      on pension         pension benefits                      (which is benefits and       and earnings that                     generally 1/36th earnings that may  may be considered                     of the sum of the be considered in   in calculating                        participant's calculating        tax-qualified                         base salary and tax-qualified      cash balance plan                     annual incentive pension benefits,  benefits, and the                     plan award for and (2) the        amount actually                       the 3 highest amount actually    payable as a lump                     years during the payable an         sum under the                         last 10 years annuity under the  cash balance                          preceding entergy            plan.                                 separation from retirement plan.                                         service), after executive annual                                         first being incentive awards                                         reduced by the are taken into                                           value of the account as                                               participant's eligible earnings                                        entergy under this plan.                                         retirement plan benefit.
benefits payable prior to age 65
or early                                                 prior to age 65, retirement                                               vesting is reduction factors                                        conditioned on as benefits                                              the prior written payable under the                                        consent of the entergy                                                  officer's entergy retirement plan                                          employer.
as described                                             benefits payable above.                                                   prior to age 65
an employee with                                         are subject to supplemental                                             the same reduced credited service   payable upon                          terminated vested who terminates     separation from                       or subsidized employment prior   service subject                       early retirement benefit timing                       to age 65 must     to 6 month delay                      reduction factors receive prior      required under                        as benefits written consent    code section                          payable under the of the entergy     409a.                                 entergy employer in order                                        retirement plan to receive the                                           as described portion of their                                         above.
benefit                                                  benefits payable attributable to                                          upon separation their                                                    from service supplemental                                             subject to the 6
credited service                                         month delay agreement.                                               required under benefits payable                                         internal revenue upon separation                                          code section from service                                             409a.
month delay required under code section
additional information effective july 1, 2014, (a) no new grants of supplemental service may be provided to participants in the pension equalization plan; (b) supplemental credited service granted prior to july 1, 2014 was
table of contents benefits accrued under the system executive retirement plan, pension equalization plan, and cash balance equalization plan, if any, will become fully vested if a participant is involuntarily terminated without
(2)  cause or terminates his or her employment for good reason in connection with a change in control with payment generally made in a lump-sum payment as soon as reasonably practicable following the first day of the month after the termination of employment, unless delayed 6 months under internal revenue code section
(3)  the system executive retirement plan was closed to new executive officers effective july 1, 2014.
2018 non-qualified deferred compensation as of december 31, 2018, mr. may had a deferred account balance under a frozen defined contribution restoration plan. the amount is deemed invested, as chosen by the participant, in certain t. rowe price investment funds that are also available to the participant under the savings plan. mr. may has elected to receive the deferred account balance after he retires. the defined contribution restoration plan, until it was frozen in 2005, credited eligible employees' deferral accounts with employer contributions to the extent contributions under the qualified savings plan in which the employee participated were subject to limitations imposed by the internal revenue code.
2018 potential payments upon termination or change in control entergy corporation has plans and other arrangements that provide compensation to a named executive officer if his or her employment terminates under specified conditions, including following a change in control of entergy corporation or its subsidiaries.
change in control under entergy corporation's system executive continuity plan (the "continuity plan"), ml 1-4 officers are eligible to receive the severance benefits described below if their employment is terminated by their entergy system employer other than for cause or if they terminate their employment for good reason during a period beginning with a potential change in control and ending 24 months following the effective date of a change in control (a
"qualifying termination"). a participant will not be eligible for benefits under the continuity plan if such participant: accepts employment with entergy corporation or any of its subsidiaries; elects to receive the benefits of another severance or separation program; removes, copies or fails to return any property belonging to entergy corporation or any of its subsidiaries or violates his or her non-compete provision (which generally runs for two years but extends to three years if permissible under applicable law). entergy corporation does not have any plans or agreements that provide for payments or benefits to any of the named executive officers solely upon a change in control.
in the event of a qualifying termination, executive officers, including the named executive officers, generally will receive the benefits set forth below:
table of contents compensation element  payment a lump sum severance payment equal to a multiple of the sum of:  (a) the participant's annual base salary as in effect at any time within one year prior to the commencement of severance*            a change of control period or, if higher, immediately prior to a circumstance constituting good reason, plus (b) the participant's annual incentive, calculated using the average annual target opportunity derived under the annual incentive plan for the two calendar years immediately preceding the calendar year in which termination occurs.
participants will forfeit outstanding performance units, and in lieu of any payment for any outstanding performance period, will receive a single-lump sum payment calculated by performance units     multiplying the target performance units for the most recent performance period preceding
(but not including) the calendar year in which termination occurs by the closing price of entergy's common stock as of the later of the date of such termination or the date of the change in control.
all unvested stock options, shares of restricted stock and restricted stock units will equity awards         vest immediately upon a "double trigger" qualifying termination pursuant to the terms of the equity ownership plan.
retirement benefits   benefits already accrued under the system executive retirement plan, pension equalization plan and cash balance equalization plan, if any, will become fully vested.
welfare benefits      participants who are not retirement-eligible would be eligible to receive entergy-subsidized cobra benefits for a period ranging from 12 to 18 months.
cash severance payments are capped at 2.99 times the sum of (a) an executive's annual base salary plus (b)
the higher of his or her actual annual incentive payment under the annual incentive plan or his or her
*  annual incentive, calculated using the average annual target opportunity derived under the annual incentive plan for the two calendar years immediately preceding the calendar year in which termination occurs.  any cash severance payments to be paid under the continuity plan in excess of this cap will be forfeited by the participant.
to protect shareholders and entergy corporation's business model, executives are required to comply with non-
compete, non-solicitation, confidentiality and non-denigration provisions. if an executive discloses non-public data or information concerning entergy corporation or any of its subsidiaries or violates his or her non-compete provision, he or she will be required to repay any benefits previously received under the continuity plan.
for purposes of the continuity plan the following events are generally defined as:
change in control: (a) the purchase of 30% or more of either entergy corporation's common stock or the combined voting power of entergy corporation's voting securities; (b) the merger or consolidation of entergy corporation (unless its board members constitute at least a majority of the board members of the surviving entity); (c) the liquidation, dissolution or sale of all or substantially all of entergy corporation's assets; or (d) a change in the composition of entergy corporation's board such that, during any two-year period, the individuals serving at the beginning of the period no longer constitute a majority of entergy
•  corporation's board at the end of the period.
potential change in control: (a) entergy corporation or an affiliate enters into an agreement the consummation of which would constitute a change in control; (b) the entergy corporation board adopts resolutions determining that, for purposes of the continuity plan, a potential change in control has
•  occurred; (c) a system company or other person or entity publicly announces an intention to take actions that would constitute a change in control; or (d) any person or entity becomes the beneficial owner
(directly or indirectly) of entergy corporation's outstanding shares of common stock constituting 20% or more of the voting power or value of the entergy corporation's outstanding common stock.
cause:the participant's (a) willful and continuous failure to perform substantially his or her  duties after written demand for performance; (b) engagement in conduct that is materially injurious to entergy
•  corporation or any of its subsidiaries; (c) conviction or guilty or nolo contendere plea to a felony or other crime that materially and adversely affects either his or her ability to perform his or her duties or entergy corporation's reputation;  (d)
table of contents material violation of any agreement with entergy corporation or any of its subsidiaries; or (e) disclosure of any of entergy corporation's confidential information without authorization.
good reason: the participant's (a) nature or status of duties and responsibilities is substantially altered or reduced; (b) salary is reduced by 5% or more; (c) primary work location is relocated outside the
benefits or number of vacation days are substantially reduced; or (f) an entergy employer purports to terminate his employment other than in accordance with the continuity plan.
other termination events for termination events, other than in connection with a change in control, the executive officers, including the named executive officers, generally will receive the benefits set forth below:
termination                         compensation event                               element severance         annual incentive  stock options      restricted stock    performance units unvested options are forfeited vested options expire on the voluntary                                              earlier of (i) 90
day of active employment and
termination for   none              forfeited          forfeited           forfeited          forfeited cause unvested stock                         officers with a options vest on                        minimum of 12
the retirement                         months of pro-rated based    date and expire                        participation are on number of days  the earlier of (i)                     eligible for a retirement        none              employed during    five years from     forfeited          pro-rated award the performance    the                                    based on actual period             retirement date                        performance and and (ii) the                           full months of option's normal                        service during expiration date.                       the performance period unvested stock                         officers are options vest on                        eligible for pro-rated based    the termination                        pro-rated award on number of days  date and expire                        based on actual death/disability  none              employed during    the earlier of (i)  fully vest         performance and the performance    five years from                        full months of period             the termination                        service during date and (ii) the                      the performance option's normal                        period expiration date
*  if an officer resigns after the completion of an annual incentive plan, he or she may receive, at the company's discretion, an annual incentive payment.
if an officer resigns after the completion of a long-term performance unit program performance period, he
**  or she may receive a payout under the long-term performance unit program based on the outcome of the performance period.
table of contents mr. denault's 2006 retention agreement in 2006, entergy corporation entered into a retention agreement with mr. denault that provides benefits to him in addition to, or in lieu of, the benefits described above. specifically, in the event of a termination event (as defined in his agreement): 1) mr. denault is entitled to a target ltip award calculated by using the average annual number of performance units with respect to the two most recent performance periods preceding the calendar year in which his employment termination occurs, assuming all performance goals were achieved at target; and 2) all of mr.
denault's unvested stock options and shares of restricted stock will immediately vest.
in the event of death or disability, mr. denault would receive the greater of the target ltip award calculated as described above or the pro-rated number of performance units for all open performance periods, based on the number of months of his participation in each open performance period.
under the terms of his 2006 retention agreement, mr. denault's employment may be terminated for cause upon mr.
denault's: (a) continuing failure to substantially perform his duties (other than because of physical or mental illness or after he has given notice of termination for good reason) that remains uncured for 30 days after receiving a written notice from the personnel committee; (b) willfully engaging in conduct that is demonstrably and materially injurious to entergy; (c) conviction of or entrance of a plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a felony or other crime that has or may have a material adverse effect on his ability to carry out his duties or upon entergy's reputation; (d) material violation of any agreement that he has entered into with entergy; or (e)
unauthorized disclosure of entergy's confidential information.
mr. denault may terminate his employment for good reason upon: (a) the substantial reduction in the nature or status of his duties or responsibilities from those in effect immediately prior to the date of the retention agreement, other than de minimis acts that are remedied after notice from mr. denault; (b) a reduction of 5% or more in his base salary as in effect on the date of the retention agreement; (c) the relocation of his principal place of employment to a location other than the corporate headquarters; (d) the failure to continue to allow him to participate in programs or plans providing opportunities for equity awards, incentive compensation and other plans on a basis not materially less favorable than enjoyed at the time of the retention agreement (other than changes similarly affecting all senior executives); (e) the failure to continue to allow him to participate in programs or plans with opportunities for benefits not materially less favorable than those enjoyed by him under any of the pension, savings, life insurance, medical, health and accident, disability or vacation plans or policies at the time of the retention agreement (other than changes similarly affecting all senior executives); or (f) any purported termination of his employment not taken in accordance with his retention agreement.
aggregate termination payments the tables below reflect the amount of compensation each of the named executive officers would have received if his or her employment had been terminated as of december 31, 2018 under the various scenarios described above. for purposes of these tables, a stock price of $86.07 was used, which was the closing market price on december 31,
2018, the last trading day of the year.
table of contents benefits                                    termination                                              terminati...
and            voluntary                       for good                                              related to payments       resignation     for cause      reason or    retirement    disability         death      a change upon                                            not for                                              in control terminati...                                        cause a.
benefits(...
benefits(...
benefits(...
benefits(...
benefits(...
benefits(...
table of contents benefits                                    termination                                              terminati...
and            voluntary                    for good                                                 related to payments       resignati...     for cause     reason or      retirement    disability         death      a change upon                                        not for                                                  in control terminati...                                  cause andrew s.
benefits(...
benefits(...
benefits(...
benefits(...
benefits(...
benefits(...
see "2018 pension benefits" for a description of the pension benefits mr. bakken, mr. ellis, mr.
1)  fisackerly, ms. landreaux, mr. marsh, mr. rice, and mr. west may receive upon the occurrence of certain termination events.
table of contents as of december 31, 2018, mr. brown, mr. denault, mr. may, mr. riley, and ms. rainer are retirement eligible and would retire rather than voluntarily resign, and in addition to the payments and benefits in the table, mr. brown, mr. denault, mr. riley, and ms. rainer also would be entitled to receive their vested pension benefits under the entergy retirement plan.  for a description of these benefits, see "2018 pension
2)  benefits."
for purposes of the table, the value of mr. denault's payments was calculated by multiplying the target performance units for the 2015-2017 performance unit program (33,100) by the closing price of entergy stock on december 31, 2018 ($86.07), which would equal a payment of $2,848,917 for the forfeited performance units for each performance period. the value of mr. bakken's, mr. brown's, mr. marsh's, and mr. west's payments was calculated by multiplying the target performance units for the 2015-2017 performance unit program (6,550) by the closing price of entergy stock on december 31, 2018 ($86.07), which would equal a payment of $563,759 for the forfeited performance units for each performance period. the value of mr. may's
3)  and mr. riley's payment was calculated by multiplying the target performance units for the 2015-2017
performance unit program (2,050) by the closing price of entergy stock on december 31, 2018 ($86.07), which would equal a payment of $176,444 for the forfeited performance units for each performance period.  the value of the payments for the other named executives officers, other than mr. ellis and mr. rice, was calculated by multiplying the target performance units for the 2015-2017 performance unit program (1,450)
by the closing price of entergy stock on december 31, 2018 ($86.07), which would equal a payment of
$124,802 for the forfeited performance units for each performance period.  at december 31, 2018, mr. ellis was not eligible to participate in the long-term performance unit program, and mr. rice was not a participant in the system executive continuity plan.
for purposes of the table, the values of the awards payable in the event of retirement in the case of mr. brown, mr. denault, mr. may, ms. rainer, or mr. riley or upon death or disability, other than mr. denault, for each named executive officer were calculated as follows:
2017-2019 plan: 32,467 (24/36 × 48,700) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $86.07
2018-2020 plan: 14,233 (12/36 × 42,700) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $86.07
2017-2019 plan: 5,533 (24/36 × 8,300) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $86.07
2018-2020 plan: 2,633 (12/36 × 7,900) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $86.07
2017-2019 plan: 2,100 (24/36 × 3,150) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $86.07
2018-2020 plan: 850 (12/36 × 2,550) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $86.07
2017-2019 plan: 1,667 (24/36 × 2,500) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $86.07
2018-2020 plan: 800 (12/36 × 2,400) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $86.07
2017-2019 plan: 1,233 (24/36 × 1,850) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $86.07
2018-2020 plan: 545 (12/36 × 1,650) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $86.07
2017-2019 plan: 617 (24/36 × 925) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $86.07
2018-2020 plan: 458 (12/36 × 1,375) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $86.07
2017-2019 plan: 651 (24/36 × 976) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $86.07
2018-2020 plan: 107 (12/36 × 321) performance units at target, assuming a stock price of $86.07
for purposes of the table, the value of mr. denault's retention payment was calculated by taking an average
4)  of the target performance units from the 2014-2016 performance unit program (40,000) and from the 2015-2017
performance unit program (33,100). this average number of units (36,550) multiplied by the closing price of entergy stock on december 31, 2018 ($86.07) would equal a payment of $3,145,859.
pursuant to the system executive continuity plan, in the event of a termination related to a change in
5)  control, mr. bakken, mr. marsh, and mr. west would be eligible to receive entergy-subsidized cobra benefits for 18 months and mr. ellis, mr. fisackerly, and ms. landreaux would be eligible to receive entergy-subsidized cobra benefits for 12 months.
6)  upon retirement, mr. brown, mr. denault, mr. may, mr. riley, and ms. rainer would be eligible for retiree medical and dental benefits, the same as all other retirees.
mr. bakken's 30,000 restricted stock units vest 1/3rd on each of april 6, 2019, april 6, 2022, and april 6,
2025. pursuant to his restricted stock unit agreement, if mr. bakken's employment terminates due to total disability or death or, prior to april 6, 2019, mr. bakken's employment is terminated by his entergy employer other than for cause, he will vest in and be paid the 10,000 restricted stock units that otherwise would have vested had he satisfied the vesting conditions of the restricted stock unit agreement through the next vesting date to occur following his date of total disability, death or termination other than for cause prior to april 6, 2019 subject, in the case of a termination without cause, to mr. bakken timely executing and not revoking a release of claims against entergy and its affiliates. in the event of a change
7)  in control, the unvested restricted stock units will fully vest upon mr. bakken's qualifying termination during a change in control period. pursuant to his restricted stock unit agreement, mr. bakken is subject to certain restrictions on his ability to compete with entergy and its affiliates or solicit its employees or customers during and for 12 months after his employment with his entergy employer. in addition, the restricted stock unit agreement limits mr. bakken's ability to disparage entergy and its affiliates. in the event of a breach of these restrictions, other than following certain constructive terminations of his employment, mr. bakken will forfeit any restricted stock units that are not yet vested and paid, and must repay to entergy any shares of entergy stock paid to him in respect of the restricted stock units and any amounts he received upon the sale or transfer of any such shares.
mr. marsh's 21,100 restricted stock units vest 100% in 2020. pursuant to his restricted stock unit agreement, any unvested restricted stock units will vest immediately in the event of his termination of employment due to mr. marsh's total disability or death or a qualifying termination during a change in control period. pursuant to his restricted stock unit agreement, mr. marsh is subject to certain restrictions on his ability to compete with entergy and its affiliates during and for 12 months after his
8)  employment with entergy, or to solicit its employees or customers during and for 24 months after his employment with entergy. in addition, the restricted stock unit agreement limits mr. marsh's ability to disparage entergy and its affiliates. in the event of a breach of these restrictions, mr. marsh will forfeit any restricted stock units that are not yet vested and paid, and must repay to entergy any shares of entergy stock paid to him in respect of the restricted stock units and any amounts he received upon the sale or transfer of any such shares.
pay ratio as required by section 953(b) of the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act, the following disclosure is being provided about the relationship of the annual total compensation of the employees of each of the utility operating companies to the annual total compensation of their respective presidents and chief executive officers. the pay ratio estimate for each of the utility operating companies has been calculated in a manner consistent with item 402(u) of regulation s-k.
table of contents identification of median employee for each of the utility operating companies, october 5, 2018 was selected as the date on which to determine the median employee. this date is different from the date used in the prior year; however, the methodology used to determine the date is consistent with that used in the prior year. both dates correspond to the first day of the three month period prior to fiscal year-end for which information can be obtained about employees and all subsidiaries have the same number of pay cycles. to identify the median employee from each of the utility operating companies' employee population base, all compensation included in box 5 of form w-2 was considered with all before-
tax deductions added back to this compensation (box 5 compensation"). for purposes of determining the median employee of each utility operating company, box 5 compensation was selected as it is believed it is representative of the compensation received by the employees of each respective utility operating company and is readily available. the calculation of annual total compensation of the median employee for each utility operating company is the same calculation used to determine total compensation for purposes of the 2018 summary compensation table with respect to each of the named executive officers.
entergy arkansas ratio for purposes of this disclosure and to reflect the chief executive officer transition discussed earlier in the cd&a, the compensation amounts paid to each of mr. riley and ms. landreaux for the time he and she respectively served as entergy arkansas' chief executive officer during 2018 have been pro-rated and combined.
•  the median of the annual total compensation of all of entergyarkansas'employees, other than entergy arkansas' chief executive officer, was $113,820.
the combined annual total compensation of entergyarkansas' previous chief executive officer, mr. riley, and
•  its current chief executive officer, ms. landreaux, as reported in the total column of the 2018 summary compensation table (pro-rated for the time each served as entergy arkansas' chief executive officer in 2018)
•  based on this information, the ratio of the annual total compensation of entergy arkansas' chief executive officer to the median of the annual total compensation of all employees is estimated to be 9:1.
•  the median of the annual total compensation of all of entergy louisiana's employees, other than mr. may, was
•  mr. may's annual total compensation, as reported in the total column of the 2018 summary compensation table, was $1,031,421.
•  based on this information, the ratio of the annual total compensation of mr. may to the median of the annual total compensation of all employees is estimated to be 10:1.
•  the median of the annual total compensation of all of entergy mississippi's employees, other than mr.
•  mr. fisackerly's annual total compensation, as reported in the total column of the 2018 summary compensation table, was $815,654.
•  based on this information, the ratio of the annual total compensation of mr. fisackerly to the median of the annual total compensation of all employees is estimated to be 7:1.
table of contents entergy new orleans ratio for purposes of this disclosure and to reflect the chief executive officer transition discussed earlier in the cd&a, the compensation amounts we paid to each of mr. ellis, mr. rice and mr. west for the time they served as entergy new orleans' chief executive officer during 2018 have been pro-rated and combined.
•  the median of the annual total compensation of all of entergynew orleans'employees, other than entergy new orleans' chief executive officer, was $93,562.
the combined annual total compensation of entergynew orleans' previous chief executive officers, mr. rice
•  and mr. west, and its current chief executive officer, mr. ellis, as reported in the total column of the
2018 summary compensation table (pro-rated for the time each served as entergy new orleans' chief executive officer in 2018) was $1,382,688.
•  based on this information, the ratio of the annual total compensation of entergy new orleans' chief executive officer to the median of the annual total compensation of all employees is estimated to be 15:1.
•  the median of the annual total compensation of all of entergy texas' employees, other than ms. rainer, was
•  ms. rainer's annual total compensation, as reported in the total column of the 2018 summary compensation table, was $774,225.
•  based on this information, the ratio of the annual total compensation of ms. rainer to the median of the annual total compensation of all employees is estimated to be 7:1.
security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management entergy corporation owns 100% of the outstanding common stock of registrants entergy texas and indirectly 100% of the outstanding common membership interests of registrant entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, and entergy new orleans. the information with respect to persons known by entergy corporation to be beneficial owners of more than 5% of entergy corporation's outstanding common stock is included under the heading "entergy share ownership - beneficial owners of more than five percent" in the proxy statement, which information is incorporated herein by reference. the registrants know of no contractual arrangements that may, at a subsequent date, result in a change in control of any of the registrants.
the following table sets forth the beneficial ownership of common stock of entergy corporation and stock-based units as of january 31, 2019 for all directors and named executive officers. unless otherwise noted, each person had sole voting and investment power over the number of shares of common stock and stock-based units of entergy corporation set forth across from his or her name.
table of contents name                                shares(1)(2)               options exercisable               stock units(3)
all directors and executive officers as      511,522                  1,266,295                             3,036
all directors and executive officers as      446,759                  1,264,729                                 -
all directors and executive officers as      452,574                  1,271,296                                12
table of contents name                                  shares(1)(2)               options exercisable             stock units(3)
all directors and executive officers as        418,991                  1,223,530                               -
all directors and executive officers as        419,279                  1,217,997                               -
all directors and executive officers as        419,518                  1,225,497                               -
*     director of the respective company
**    named executive officer of the respective company
***   director and named executive officer of the respective company
****  former director of the respective company the number of shares of entergy corporation common stock owned by each individual and by all non-employee
(1)  directors and executive officers as a group does not exceed one percent of the outstanding shares of entergy corporation common stock.
for the non-employee directors, the balances include phantom units that are issued under the service recognition program.  all non-employee directors are credited with phantom units for each year of service
(2)  on the entergy corporation board.  these phantom units do not have voting rights, accrue dividends, and will be settled in shares of entergy corporation common stock following the non-employee director's separation from the board.
represents the balances of phantom units each executive holds under the defined contribution restoration plan and the deferral provisions of the equity ownership plan.  these units will be paid out in either entergy corporation common stock or cash equivalent to the value of one share of entergy corporation
(3)  common stock per unit on the date of payout, including accrued dividends.  the deferral period is determined by the individual and is at least two years from the award of the bonus.  messrs. donald and frederickson have deferred receipt of some of their quarterly stock grants.  the deferred shares will be settled in cash in an amount equal to the market value of entergy corporation common stock at the end of the deferral period.
table of contents equity compensation plan information the following table summarizes the equity compensation plan information as of december 31, 2018. information is included for equity compensation plans approved by the shareholders. there are no shares authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans not approved by the shareholders.
number of                                                  number of securities to be                                           securities issued upon                 weighted average               remaining available plan                             exercise of                   exercise price               for future issuance outstanding                           (b)(2)               (excluding options, warrants                                          securities and rights (a)                                             reflected in column
8, 2015, and 6,900,000 shares of entergy corporation common stock can be issued from the 2015 equity plan, with no more than 1,500,000 shares available for incentive stock option grants.  the 2015 equity plan applies to awards granted on or after may 8, 2015.  the 2007 equity ownership plan, the 2011 equity
(1)  ownership plan, and the 2015 equity plan (collectively, the "plans") are administered by the personnel committee of the board of directors (other than with respect to awards granted to non-employee directors, which awards are administered by the entire board of directors).  eligibility under the plans is limited to the non-employee directors and to the officers and employees of an entergy employer and any corporation
80% or more of whose stock (based on voting power) or value is owned, directly or indirectly, by entergy corporation.  the plans provide for the issuance of stock options, restricted stock, equity awards (units whose value is related to the value of shares of the common stock but do not represent actual shares of common stock), performance awards (performance shares or units valued by reference to shares of common stock or performance units valued by reference to financial measures or property other than common stock), restricted stock unit awards, and other stock-based awards.
(2)  the weighted average exercise price reported in the column does not include outstanding performance awards.
certain relationships and related party transactions and director independence for information regarding certain relationship, related transactions and director independence of entergy corporation, see the proxy statement under the headings "corporate governance at entergy - director independence"
entergy corporation's board of directors has adopted written policies and procedures for the review, approval or ratification of any transaction involving an amount in excess of $120,000 in which any director or executive officer of entergy corporation, any nominee for director, or any immediate family member of the foregoing has or will have a material interest as contemplated by item 404(a) of regulation s-k ("related person transactions").
under these policies and procedures, entergy corporation's corporate governance committee or a subcommittee of its board of directors consisting entirely of independent directors reviews the transaction and either approves or rejects the transaction after taking into account the following factors:
•  size of the transaction and amount of consideration;
•  nature of the interest;
•  whether the transaction involves a conflict of interest;
•  whether the transaction involves services available from unaffiliated third parties; and
•  any other factors that the corporate governance committee or subcommittee deems relevant.
the policy does not apply to (a) compensation and related person transactions involving a director or an executive officer solely resulting from that person's service as a director or employment with entergy corporation so long as the compens tion is approved by the board of directors (or an appropriate committee), (b) transactions involving public utility services at rates or charges fixed in conformity with law or governmental authority, or (c) any other categories of transactions currently or in the future excluded from the reporting requirements of item 404(a)
of regulation s-k.
related party transactions since january 1, 2018, neither entergy corporation nor any of its affiliates has participated in any related person transaction.
principal accountant fees and services
(entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy)
aggregate fees billed to entergy corporation (consolidated), entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017
system energy audit fees                              $850,758      $868,860
(a)  includes fees for employee benefit plan audits, consultation on financial accounting and reporting, and other attestation services.
(b)  100% of fees paid in 2018 and 2017 were pre-approved by the entergy corporation audit committee.
table of contents entergy audit committee guidelines for pre-approval of independent auditor services the audit committee has adopted the following guidelines regarding the engagement of entergy's independent auditor to perform services for entergy:
the independent auditor will provide the audit committee, for approval, an annual engagement letter
1.  outlining the scope of services proposed to be performed during the fiscal year, including audit services and other permissible non-audit services (e.g. audit-related services, tax services, and all other services).
for other permissible services not included in the engagement letter, entergy management will submit a description of the proposed service, including a budget estimate, to the audit committee for pre-approval.
2.  management and the independent auditor must agree that the requested service is consistent with the sec's rules on auditor independence prior to submission to the audit committee.  the audit committee, at its discretion, will pre-approve permissible services and has established the following additional guidelines for permissible non-audit services provided by the independent auditor:
•  aggregate non-audit service fees are targeted at fifty percent or less of the approved audit service fee.
•  all other services should only be provided by the independent auditor if it is a highly qualified provider of that service or if the audit committee pre-approves the independent audit firm to provide the service.
3.  the audit committee will be informed quarterly as to the status of pre-approved services actually provided by the independent auditor.
to ensure prompt handling of unexpected matters, the audit committee delegates to the audit committee chair
4.  or its designee the authority to approve permissible services and fees.  the audit committee chair or designee will report action taken to the audit committee at the next scheduled audit committee meeting.
exhibits and financial statement schedules financial statements and independent auditors' reports for entergy, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana,
(a)1.  entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy are listed in the table of contents.
(a)2.  financial statement schedules report of independent registered public accounting firm (see page 530)
financial statement schedules are listed in the index to financial statement schedules (see page s-1)
(a)3.  exhibits exhibits for entergy, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy are listed in the exhibit index (see page 509 and are incorporated by reference herein).  each management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit hereto is identified as such by footnote in the exhibit index.
(entergy corporation, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, entergy texas, and system energy)
table of contents exhibit index the following exhibits indicated by an asterisk preceding the exhibit number are filed herewith. the balance of the exhibits have heretofore been filed with the sec as the exhibits and in the file numbers indicated and are incorporated herein by reference. the exhibits marked with a (+) are management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements required to be filed herewith and required to be identified as such by item 15 of form 10-k.
some of the agreements included or incorporated by reference as exhibits to this form 10-k contain representations and warranties by each of the parties to the applicable agreement. these representations and warranties were made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the applicable agreement and (i) were not intended to be treated as categorical statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate; (ii) may have been qualified in such agreement by disclosures that were made to the other party in connection with the negotiation of the applicable agreement; (iii) may apply contract standards of "materiality" that are different from the standard of "materiality" under the applicable securities laws; and
(iv) were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other date or dates as may be specified in the agreement.
entergy acknowledges that, notwithstanding the inclusion of the foregoing cautionary statements, it is responsible for considering whether additional specific disclosures of material information regarding material contractual provisions are required to make the statements in this form 10-k not misleading.
(2) plan of acquisition, reorganization, arrangement, liquidation or succession entergy arkansas
(a) 1 --  plan of merger of entergy arkansas, inc. and entergy arkansas power, llc (2.1 to form 8-k12b filed december 3, 2018 in 1-10764).
(b) 1 --  plan of merger of entergy gulf states power, llc and entergy gulf states louisiana, llc (2.1 to form
(b) 2 --  plan of merger of entergy louisiana, llc and entergy louisiana power, llc (2.2 to form 8-k12b filed october 1, 2015 in 1-32718).
(b) 3 --  plan of merger of entergy gulf states power, llc and entergy louisiana power, llc (2.3 to form 8-k12b filed october 1, 2015 in 1-32718).
(c) 1 --  plan of merger of entergy mississippi, inc. and entergy mississippi power and light, llc (2.1 to form
(d) 1 --  plan of merger of entergy new orleans, inc. and entergy new orleans power, llc (2.1 to form 8-k12b filed december 1, 2017 in 1-35747).
(3) articles of incorporation and by-laws entergy corporation
(a) 1 --  restated certificate of incorporation of entergy corporation dated october 10, 2006 (3(a) to form
(a) 2 --  bylaws of entergy corporation as amended january 27, 2017, and as presently in effect (3.1 to form
table of contents system energy
(b) 1 --  amended and restated articles of incorporation of system energy effective april 28, 1989 (3(b)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-9067).
(b) 2 --  by-laws of system energy effective july 6, 1998, and as presently in effect (3(f) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 1998 in 1-9067).
(c) 1 --  amended and restated certificate of formation of entergy arkansas, llc effective december 1, 2018
(c) 2 --  amended and restated company agreement of entergy arkansas, llc effective december 1, 2018 (3.4 to form 8-k12b filed december 3, 2018 in 1-10764).
entergy louisiana certificate of formation of entergy louisiana power, llc (including certificate of amendment to
(d) 1 --  certificate of formation to change the company name to entergy louisiana, llc) effective july 7, 2015
company agreement of entergy louisiana power, llc (including first amendment to company agreement to
(d) 2 --  change the company name to entergy louisiana, llc) effective july 7, 2015 (3.4 to form 8-k12b filed october 1, 2015 in 1-32718).
entergy mississippi amended and restated certificate of formation of entergy mississippi, llc effective december 1,
*(e) 1 --  amended and restated company agreement of entergy mississippi, llc effective december 1, 2018 (3.4
(f) 1 --  composite certificate of formation of entergy new orleans, llc effective december 1, 2017 (3.3 to form 8-k12b filed december 1, 2017 in 1-35747).
(f) 2 --  composite company agreement of entergy new orleans, llc effective december 1, 2017 (3.4 to form
(g) 1 --  certificate of formation of entergy texas effective december 31, 2007 (3(i) to form 10 filed march
(g) 2 --  bylaws of entergy texas effective december 31, 2007 (3(ii) to form 10 filed march 14, 2008 in
(4) instruments defining rights of security holders, including indentures entergy corporation see (4)(b) through (4)(g) below for instruments defining the rights of security holders of system
(a) 2 --  indenture (for unsecured debt securities), dated as of september 1, 2010, between entergy corporation and wells fargo bank, national association (4.01 to form 8-k filed september 16, 2010 in 1-11299).
(a) 3 --  officer's certificate for entergy corporation relating to 5.125% senior notes due september 15, 2020
(a) 4 --  officer's certificate for entergy corporation relating to 4.0% senior notes due july 15, 2022 (4.02
(a) 5 --  officer's certificate for entergy corporation relating to 2.95% senior notes due september 1, 2026
second amended and restated credit agreement dated as of september 14, 2018, among entergy corporation, as borrower, the banks and other financial institutions listed on the signatures pages
(a) 6 --  thereof, as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent and lc issuing bank, mufg bank, ltd., as lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks from time to time parties thereto (4(g) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2018 in 1-11299).
system energy
(b) 1 --  mortgage and deed of trust, dated as of june 15, 1977, as amended and restated by the following supplemental indenture:(4.42 to form 8-k filed september 25, 2012 in 1-9067 (twenty-fourth)).
(b) 2 --  loan agreement, dated as of october 15, 1998, between system energy and mississippi business finance corporation (b-6(b) to rule 24 certificate filed november 12, 1998 in 70-8511).
(b) 3 --  fuel lease, dated as of february 24, 1989, between river fuel funding company #3, inc. and system energy (4(b)3 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-9067).
entergy arkansas mortgage and deed of trust, dated as of october 1, 1944, as amended by the following supplemental indentures: (7(d) in 2-5463 (mortgage); 7(b) in 2-7121 (first); 4(a)-7 in 2-10261 (seventh); 2(b)-10
(c) 1 --  (fifty-third);4.06 to form 8-k filed october 8, 2010 in 1-10764 (sixty-ninth);4.06 to form 8-k filed november 12, 2010 in 1-10764 (seventieth);4.06 to form 8-k filed december 13, 2012 in 1-10764
(seventy-first);4(e) to form 8-k filed january 9, 2013 in 1-10764 (seventy-second);4.06 to form 8-k filed may 30, 2013 in 1-10764 (seventy-third);4.06 to form 8-k filed june 4, 2013 in 1-10764
(seventy-fourth);4.05 to form 8-k filed march 14, 2014 in 1-10764 (seventy-sixth);4.05 to form 8-k filed december 9, 2014 in 1-10764 (seventy-seventh);4.05 to form 8-k filed january 8, 2016 in 1-10764
(seventy-eighth);4.05 to form 8-k filed august 16, 2016 in 1-10764 (seventy-ninth);4(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2018 (eightieth); and4.1 to form 8-k12b filed december 3, 2018 in
second amended and restated credit agreement dated as of september 14, 2018, among entergy arkansas, as borrower, the banks and other financial institutions listed on the signature pages thereof, as
table of contents borrower assumption agreement dated as of november 30, 2018 of entergy arkansas power, llc under the second amended and restated credit agreement dated as of september 14, 2018, among entergy arkansas,
(c) 3 --  as borrower, the banks and other financial institutions listed on the signature pages thereof, as lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as lc issuing bank, and the other lc issuing banks from time to time parties thereto (4.2 to form 8-k12b filed december 3,
(c) 4 --  fuel lease, dated as of december 22, 1988, between river fuel trust #1 and entergy arkansas (4(c)9 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-10764).
loan agreement, dated as of january 1, 2013, between independence county, arkansas and entergy
entergy louisiana mortgage and deed of trust, dated as of april 1, 1944, as amended by the following supplemental indentures: (7(d) in 2-5317 (mortgage); 7(b) in 2-7408 (first);4(d)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-32718 (sixth);2(c) in 2-34659 (twelfth);4(d)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-32718 (thirteenth);2(b)-2 in 2-38378 (fourteenth);4(d)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-32718 (twenty-first);4(d)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december
(d) 1 --  (sixty-sixth);4.08 to form 8-k filed september 24, 2010 in 1-32718 (sixty-eighth);4.08 to form 8-k filed march 24, 2011 in 1-32718 (seventy-first);4(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2011
in 1-32718 (seventy-second);4.08 to form 8-k filed july 3, 2012 in 1-32718 (seventy-fifth);4.08 to form 8-k filed december 4, 2012 in 1-32718 (seventy-sixth);4.08 to form 8-k filed may 21, 2013 in
1-32718 (seventy-seventh);4.08 to form 8-k filed august 23, 2013 in 1-32718 (seventy-eighth);4.08 to form 8-k filed june 24, 2014 in 1-32718 (seventy-ninth);4.08 to form 8-k filed july 1, 2014 in
1-32718 (eighty-sixth);4.43 to form 8-k filed october 4, 2016 in 1-32718 (eighty-seventh);4.43 to form 8-k filed may 23, 2017 in 1-32718 (eighty-eighth);4.43 to form 8‐k filed march 23, 2018 in
second amended and restated credit agreement dated as of september 14, 2018, among entergy louisiana, as borrower, the banks and other financial institutions listed on the signature pages thereof, as
(d) 3 --  fuel lease, dated as of january 31, 1989, between river fuel company #2, inc., and entergy louisiana
nuclear fuel lease agreement between entergy gulf states, inc. and river bend fuel services, inc. to
exhibit a to trust indenture dated as of february 7, 1989 between river bend fuel services, inc. and
(d) 5 --  u.s. bank national association (as successor trustee) (4(d)12 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-32718).
table of contents loan agreement, dated as of march 1, 2016, between the louisiana public facilities authority and
loan agreement, dated as of march 1, 2016, between louisiana public facilities authority and entergy
indenture of mortgage, dated september 1, 1926, as amended by the following supplemental indentures:
(7-a-9 in registration no. 2-6893 (seventh);4(d)15 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017
in 1-32718 (eighteenth); 2-a-8 in registration no. 2-66612 (thirty-eighth);4(b) to form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31,1999 in 1-27031 (fifty-eighth);4(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2009 in 0-20371 (seventy-seventh);4.07 to form 8-k filed october 1, 2010 in 0-20371
(d) 8 --   (seventy-eighth);4.07 to form 8-k filed july 1, 2014 in 0-20371 (eighty-first);4.2 to form 8-k12b filed october 1, 2015 in 1-32718 (eighty-second);4.3 to form 8-k12b filed october 1, 2015 in 1-32718
(eighty-sixth);4.42 to form 8-k filed october 4, 2016 in 1-32718 (eighty-seventh);4.42 to form 8-k filed may 23, 2017 in 1-32718 (eighty-eighth);4.42 to form 8-k filed march 23, 2018 in 1-32718
agreement of resignation, appointment and acceptance, dated as of october 3, 2007, among entergy
(d) 9 --   gulf states, inc., jpmorgan chase bank, national association, as resigning trustee, and the bank of new york, as successor trustee (4(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2007 in
mortgage and deed of trust of entergy louisiana, dated as of november 1, 2015, as amended by the following supplemental indentures:(4.38 in registration no. 333-190911-07 (mortgage);4(f) to form
to form 8-k filed october 4, 2016 in 1-32718 (seventh);4.41 to form 8-k filed may 23, 2017 in
(d) 11 --  officer's certificate no. 1-b-1, dated march 18, 2016, supplemental to mortgage and deed of trust of entergy louisiana, dated as of november 1, 2015 (4(e) to form 8-k filed march 18, 2016 in 1-32718).
(d) 12 --  officer's certificate no. 2-b-2, dated march 17, 2016, supplemental to mortgage and deed of trust of entergy louisiana, dated as of november 1, 2015 (4.39 to form 8-k filed march 24, 2016 in 1-32718).
(d) 13 --  officer's certificate no. 4-b-4, dated may 16, 2016, supplemental to mortgage and deed of trust of entergy louisiana, dated as of november 1, 2015 (4.39 to form 8-k filed may 19, 2016 in 1-32718).
officer's certificate no. 6-b-5, dated august 10, 2016, supplemental to mortgage and deed of trust
(d) 14 --  of entergy louisiana, dated as of november 1, 2015 (4.39 to form 8-k filed august 17, 2016 in
officer's certificate no. 7-b-6, dated september 28, 2016, supplemental to mortgage and deed of
(d) 15 --  trust of entergy louisiana, dated as of november 1, 2015 (4.40 to form 8-k filed october 4, 2016 in
(d) 16 --  officer's certificate no. 8-b-7, dated may 17, 2017, supplemental to mortgage and deed of trust of entergy louisiana, dated as of november 1, 2015 (4.40 to form 8-k filed may 23, 2017 in 1-32718).
officer's certificate no. 10-b-8, dated march 20, 2018, supplemental to mortgage and deed of trust
(d) 17 --  of entergy louisiana, dated as of november 1, 2015 (4.40 to form 8-k filed march 23, 2018 in
officer's certificate no. 12-b-9, dated august 8, 2018, supplemental to mortgage and deed of trust
(d) 18 --  of entergy louisiana, dated as of november 1, 2015 (4.40 to form 8-k filed august 14, 2018 in
table of contents entergy mississippi mortgage and deed of trust, dated as of february 1, 1988, as amended by the following supplemental indentures:4(e)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-31508 (mortgage);4(e)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-31508 (sixth);a-2(c) to rule 24 certificate filed may 14, 1999 in 70-8719 (thirteenth);4(b) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2009 in 1-31508
8-k filed december 12, 2018 in 1-31508 (thirty-seventh)).
entergy new orleans mortgage and deed of trust, dated as of may 1, 1987, as amended by the following supplemental indentures:4(f)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-35747 (mortgage);4(f)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-35747 (third);4(b) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 1998 in 0-5807 (seventh);4.02 to form 8-k filed november 23, 2010 in 0-5807
(fifteenth);4.02 to form 8-k filed november 29, 2012 in 1-35747 (sixteenth);4.02 to form 8-k filed june 21, 2013 in 1-35747 (seventeenth);4(m) to form 10-q for the quarter ended march 31, 2016 in
second amended and restated credit agreement dated as of november 16, 2018, among entergy new orleans, as borrower, the banks and other financial institutions listed on the signature pages
(f) 1 --   thereof, as lenders, bank of america, n.a., as administrative agent and lc issuing bank, and the
entergy texas indenture, deed of trust and security agreement dated as of october 1, 2008, between entergy texas
(g) 1 --  and the bank of new york mellon, as trustee (4(h)2 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2008
officer's certificate no. 5-b-4 dated september 7, 2011, supplemental to indenture, deed of trust and
(g) 2 --  security agreement dated as of october 1, 2008, between entergy texas and the bank of new york mellon, as trustee (4.40 to form 8-k filed september 13, 2011 in 1-34360).
officer's certificate no. 7-b-5 dated may 13, 2014, supplemental to indenture, deed of trust and
(g) 3 --  security agreement dated as of october 1, 2008, between entergy texas and the bank of new york mellon, as trustee (4(g)4 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-34360).
officer's certificate no. 8-b-6 dated may 18, 2015, supplemental to indenture, deed of trust and
(g) 4 --  security agreement dated as of october 1, 2008, between entergy texas and the bank of new york mellon, as trustee (4.40 to form 8-k filed may 21, 2015 in 1-34360).
officer's certificate no. 9-b-7 dated march 8, 2016, supplemental to indenture, deed of trust and
(g) 5 --  security agreement dated as of october 1, 2008, between entergy texas and the bank of new york mellon, as trustee (4.40 to form 8-k filed march 11, 2016 in 1-34360).
officer's certificate no. 10-b-8 dated november 14, 2017, supplemental to indenture, deed of trust
(g) 6 --  and security agreement dated as of october 1, 2008, between entergy texas and the bank of new york mellon, as trustee (4.48 to form 8-k filed november 17, 2017 in 1-34360).
officer's certificate no. 12-b-9 dated january 3, 2019, supplemental to indenture, deed of trust and
(g) 7 --  security agreement dated as of october 1, 2008, between entergy texas and the bank of new york mellon, as trustee (4.47(a) to form 8-k filed january 8, 2019 in 1-34360).
table of contents officer's certificate no. 12-b-10 dated january 3, 2019, supplemental to indenture, deed of trust and
(g) 8 --  security agreement dated as of october 1, 2008, between entergy texas and the bank of new york mellon, as trustee (4.47(b) to form 8-k filed january 8, 2019 in 1-34360).
second amended and restated credit agreement dated as of september 14, 2018, among entergy texas, as borrower, the banks and other financial institutions listed on the signature pages thereof, as
(g) 9 --  lenders, citibank, n.a., as administrative agent, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., bnp paribas, mizuho bank, ltd., and the bank of nova scotia, as lc issuing banks, and the other lc issuing banks from time to time parties thereto (4(j) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2018 in 1-34360).
2007 equity ownership and long term cash incentive plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries
first amendment of the 2007 equity ownership and long term cash incentive plan of entergy
second amendment of the 2007 equity ownership and long term cash incentive plan of entergy
third amendment of the 2007 equity ownership and long term cash incentive plan of entergy
+(a) 5 --   2011 equity ownership and long term cash incentive plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries
+(a) 6 --   2015 equity ownership plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries (appendix c to 2015 entergy corporation's definitive proxy statement filed on march 20, 2015 in 1-11299).
+(a) 7 --   under the 2015 equity ownership plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries (10(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2017 in 1-11299).
+(a) 8 --   supplemental retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, as amended and restated effective january 1, 2009 (10(a)57 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
+(a) 9 --   first amendment of the supplemental retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective december 30, 2010 (10(a)58 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
+(a) 10 --  second amendment of the supplemental retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective january 27, 2011 (10(a)57 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2011 in 1-11299).
+(a) 11 --  third amendment of the supplemental retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective july 25, 2013 (10(b) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2014 in 1-11299).
+(a) 12 --  fourth amendment of the supplemental retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective july 1, 2014 (10(c) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2014 in 1-11299).
defined contribution restoration plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, as amended and
table of contents first amendment of the defined contribution restoration plan of entergy corporation and
second amendment of the defined contribution restoration plan of entergy corporation and
+(a) 16 --  executive disability plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries (10(a)74 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2001 in 1-11299).
executive deferred compensation plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, as amended and
first amendment of the executive deferred compensation plan of entergy corporation and
second amendment of the executive deferred compensation plan of entergy corporation and
+(a) 20 --  system executive continuity plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective january 1, 2009
+(a) 21 --  first amendment of the system executive continuity plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective january 1, 2010 (10(a)78 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2009 in 1-11299).
+(a) 22 --  second amendment of the system executive continuity plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective december 30, 2010 (10(a)69 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
+(a) 23 --  third amendment of the system executive continuity plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective january 27, 2011 (10(a)71 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2011 in 1-11299).
+(a) 24 --  post-retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, as amended effective january 1, 2000
+(a) 25 --  first amendment of the post-retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries effective december 28, 2001 (10(a)81 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2001 in 1-11299).
+(a) 26 --  pension equalization plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, as amended and restated effective january 1, 2009 (10(a)74 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
+(a) 27 --  first amendment of the pension equalization plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective december 30, 2010 (10(a)75 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
+(a) 28 --  second amendment of the pension equalization plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective january 27, 2011 (10(a)76 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2011 in 1-11299).
+(a) 29 --  third amendment of the pension equalization plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective june 19, 2013 (10(b) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2013 in 1-11299).
+(a) 30 --  fourth amendment of the pension equalization plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective july 25, 2013 (10(c) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2013 in 1-11299).
+(a) 31 --  fifth amendment of the pension equalization plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective july 1, 2014 (10(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2014 in 1-11299).
+(a) 32 --  executive income security plan of gulf states utilities company, as amended effective march 1, 1991
+(a) 33 --  system executive retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective january 1, 2009
+(a) 34 --  first amendment of the system executive retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective december 30, 2010 (10(a)79 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2010 in 1-11299).
+(a) 35 --  second amendment of the system executive retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective january 27, 2011 (10(a)81 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2011 in 1-11299).
+(a) 36 --  third amendment of the system executive retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective january 1, 2009 (10(a)81 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2013 in 1-11299).
+(a) 37 --  fourth amendment of the system executive retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective july 25, 2013 (10(d) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2013 in 1-11299).
+(a) 38 --  fifth amendment of the system executive retirement plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, effective july 1, 2014 (10(d) to form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2014 in 1-11299).
+(a) 43 --  shareholder approval of future severance agreements policy, effective march 8, 2004 (10(f) to form
+(a) 44 --  under the 2015 equity ownership plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries (10(a) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2017 in 1-11299).
+(a) 45 --  under the 2015 equity ownership plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries (10(g) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2018 in 1-11299).
+(a) 47 --  form of stock option grant agreement (10(a)46 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in
+(a) 48 --  form of long term incentive program performance unit agreement (10(a)47 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-11299).
+(a) 49 --  form of restricted stock grant agreement (10(a)48 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017
+(a) 50 --  form of restricted stock units grant agreement (10(a)49 to form 10-k for the year ended december
executive annual incentive plan of entergy corporation and subsidiaries as amended and restated
+(a) 54 --  entergy corporation service recognition program for non-employee directors, as amended and restated effective june 1, 2015 (10(d) to form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2015 in 1-11299).
+(a) 56 --  offer letter, dated january 28, 2016, by and between a. christopher bakken, iii and entergy services (10(a)55 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2016 in 1-11299)
confirmation of forward sale transaction, dated june 6, 2018, between entergy corporation and
(a) 57 --   morgan stanley & co. llc in its capacity as a forward purchaser (10.1 to form 8-k filed june 11,
confirmation of forward sale transaction, dated june 6, 2018, between entergy corporation and
(a) 58 --   goldman sachs & co. llc in its capacity as a forward purchaser (10.2 to form 8-k filed june 11,
confirmation of forward sale transaction, dated june 6, 2018, between entergy corporation and
(a) 59 --   jpmorgan chase bank, national association in its capacity as a forward purchaser (10.3 to form 8-k filed june 11, 2018 in 1-11299).
confirmation of additional forward sale transaction, dated june 7, 2018, between entergy
(a) 60 --   corporation and morgan stanley & co. llc in its capacity as a forward purchaser (10.4 to form 8-k filed june 11, 2018 in 1-11299).
confirmation of additional forward sale transaction, dated june 7, 2018, between entergy
(a) 61 --   corporation and goldman sachs & co. llc in its capacity as a forward purchaser (10.5 to form 8-k filed june 11, 2018 in 1-11299).
confirmation of additional forward sale transaction, dated june 7, 2018, between entergy
(a) 62 --   corporation and jpmorgan chase bank, national association in its capacity as a forward purchaser
system energy
(b) 1 --  availability agreement, dated june 21, 1974, among system energy and certain other system companies
(b) 2 --  first amendment to availability agreement, dated as of june 30, 1977 (10(b)2 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-9067).
(b) 3 --  second amendment to availability agreement, dated as of june 15, 1981 (10(b)3 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-9067).
(b) 4 --    third amendment to availability agreement, dated as of june 28, 1984 (10(b)4 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-9067).
(b) 5 --    fourth amendment to availability agreement, dated as of june 1, 1989 (10(b)5 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-9067).
thirty-seventh assignment of availability agreement, consent and agreement, dated as of september
(b) 6 --    1, 2012, among system energy, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and the bank of new york mellon, as successor trustee (10(a)15 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2012 in 1-11299).
amendment to the thirty-seventh assignment of availability agreement, consent and agreement, dated
(b) 7 --    as of september 18, 2015, among system energy, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, entergy new orleans, and the bank of new york mellon, as successor trustee (4.25 to form s-3 filed october 2, 2015).
(b) 8 --    capital funds agreement, dated june 21, 1974, between entergy corporation and system energy (10(b)8
(b) 9 --    first amendment to capital funds agreement, dated as of june 1, 1989 (10(b)9 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-9067).
thirty-seventh supplementary capital funds agreement and assignment, dated as of september 1, 2012,
(b) 10 --   among entergy corporation, system energy, and the bank of new york mellon, as successor trustee
facility lease no. 1, dated as of december 1, 1988, between meridian trust company and stephen m.
(b) 11 --   carta (stephen j. kaba, successor), as owner trustees, and system energy (10(b)11 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-9067).
(b) 12 --   lease supplement no. 4, dated as of january 15, 2014, to facility lease no. 1 (10(b)12 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2016 in 1-11299).
facility lease no. 2, dated as of december 1, 1988 between meridian trust company and stephen m.
(b) 13 --   carta (stephen j. kaba, successor), as owner trustees, and system energy (10(b)13 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-9067).
(b) 14 --   lease supplement no. 4, dated as of may 28, 2014, to facility lease no. 2 (10(b)14 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2016 in 1-11299).
(b) 15 --   reallocation agreement, dated as of july 28, 1981, among system energy and certain other system companies (10(b)15 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-9067).
*(b) 16 --  unit power sales agreement among system energy, entergy arkansas, entergy louisiana, entergy mississippi, and entergy new orleans dated as of june 10, 1982, as amended and revised.
entergy louisiana amendment, effective as of may 26, 2017, to the fourth amended and restated limited liability company
(c) 1 --  agreement of entergy holdings company llc effective as of september 19, 2015 (10(c)1 to form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2017 in 1-32718).
(14) code of ethics entergy corporation
(a)  entergy corporation code of business conduct and ethics (14 to form 10-q for the quarter ended september
*(21) subsidiaries of the registrants
(23) consents of experts and counsel
*(a)  the consent of deloitte & touche llp is contained herein at page 529.
*(24) powers of attorney
*(m)  rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for system energy.
*(n)  rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) certification for system energy.
*(m)  section 1350 certification for system energy.
*(n)  section 1350 certification for system energy.
+  management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements.
table of contents entergy corporation signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. the signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.
entergy corporation by/s/ alyson m. mount alyson m. mount senior vice president and chief accounting officer date: february 26, 2019
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. the signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.
/s/ alyson m. mount  chief accounting officer        date alyson m. mount      (principal accounting officer)  february 26, 2019
leo p. denault (chairman of the board, chief executive officer and director; principal executive officer); andrew s. marsh (executive vice president and chief financial officer; principal financial officer); john r. burbank, patrick j. condon, kirkland h. donald, philip l. frederickson, alexis m. herman, stuart l. levenick, blanche l.
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. the signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.
entergy arkansas, llc by/s/ alyson m. mount alyson m. mount senior vice president and chief accounting officer date: february 26, 2019
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. the signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.
/s/ alyson m. mount  chief accounting officer        date alyson m. mount      (principal accounting officer)  february 26, 2019
laura r. landreaux (chair of the board, president, chief executive officer, and director; principal executive officer); andrew s. marsh (executive vice president, chief financial officer, and director; principal financial officer); paul d. hinnenkamp and roderick k. west (directors).
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. the signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.
entergy louisiana, llc by/s/ alyson m. mount alyson m. mount senior vice president and chief accounting officer date: february 26, 2019
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. the signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.
/s/ alyson m. mount  chief accounting officer        date alyson m. mount      (principal accounting officer)  february 26, 2019
phillip r. may, jr. (chairman of the board, president, chief executive officer, and director; principal executive officer); andrew s. marsh (executive vice president, chief financial officer, and director; principal financial officer); paul d. hinnenkamp and roderick k. west (directors).
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. the signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.
entergy mississippi, llc by/s/ alyson m. mount alyson m. mount senior vice president and chief accounting officer date: february 26, 2019
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. the signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.
/s/ alyson m. mount  chief accounting officer        date alyson m. mount      (principal accounting officer)  february 26, 2019
haley r. fisackerly (chairman of the board, president, chief executive officer, and director; principal executive officer); andrew s. marsh (executive vice president, chief financial officer, and director; principal financial officer); paul d. hinnenkamp and roderick k. west (directors).
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. the signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.
entergy new orleans, llc by/s/ alyson m. mount alyson m. mount senior vice president and chief accounting officer date: february 26, 2019
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. the signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.
/s/ alyson m. mount  chief accounting officer        date alyson m. mount      (principal accounting officer)  february 26, 2019
david d. ellis (chairman of the board, president, chief executive officer, and director; principal executive officer); andrew s. marsh (executive vice president, chief financial officer, and director; principal financial officer); paul d. hinnenkamp and roderick k. west (directors).
table of contents entergy texas, inc.
signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. the signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.
by/s/ alyson m. mount alyson m. mount senior vice president and chief accounting officer date: february 26, 2019
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. the signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.
/s/ alyson m. mount  chief accounting officer        date alyson m. mount      (principal accounting officer)  february 26, 2019
sallie t. rainer (chair of the board, president, chief executive officer, and director; principal executive officer); andrew s. marsh (executive vice president, chief financial officer, and director; principal financial officer); paul d. hinnenkamp and roderick k. west (directors).
table of contents system energy resources, inc.
signatures pursuant to the requirements of section 13 or 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. the signature of the undersigned company shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to such company and any subsidiaries thereof.
system energy resources, inc.
by/s/ alyson m. mount alyson m. mount senior vice president and chief accounting officer date: february 26, 2019
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. the signature of each of the undersigned shall be deemed to relate only to matters having reference to the above-named company and any subsidiaries thereof.
/s/ alyson m. mount  chief accounting officer        date alyson m. mount      (principal accounting officer)  february 26, 2019
roderick k. west (chairman of the board, president, chief executive officer, and director; principal executive officer); andrew s. marsh (executive vice president, chief financial officer, and director; principal financial officer); a. christopher bakken, iii and steven c. mcneal (directors).
table of contents exhibit 23(a)
consents of independent registered public accounting firm we consent to the incorporation by reference in registration statement no. 333-213335 on form s-3 and in registration statements nos. 333-140183, 333-174148, 333-204546, 333-206556, and 333-227150 on form s-8 of our reports dated february 26, 2019, relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, and the effectiveness of entergy corporation and subsidiaries' internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this annual report on form 10-k of entergy corporation for the year ended december 31, 2018.
we consent to the incorporation by reference in registration statement no. 333-213335-06 on form s-3 of our reports dated february 26, 2019, relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries appearing in this annual report on form 10-k of entergy arkansas, llc for the year ended december 31, 2018.
we consent to the incorporation by reference in registration statement no. 333-213335-03 on form s-3 of our reports dated february 26, 2019, relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries appearing in this annual report on form 10‐k of entergy louisiana, llc for the year ended december 31, 2018.
we consent to the incorporation by reference in registration statement no. 333-213335-02 on form s-3 of our reports dated february 26, 2019, relating to the financial statements and financial statement schedule of entergy mississippi, llc appearing in this annual report on form 10‐k of entergy mississippi, llc for the year ended december 31, 2018.
we consent to the incorporation by reference in registration statement no. 333-213335-05 on form s-3 of our reports dated february 26, 2019, relating to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule of entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries appearing in this annual report on form 10-k of entergy texas, inc. for the year ended december 31, 2018.
we consent to the incorporation by reference in registration statement no. 333-213335-04 on form s-3 of our report dated february 26, 2019, relating to the financial statements of system energy resources, inc. appearing in this annual report on form 10-k of system energy resources, inc. for the year ended december 31, 2018.
table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the shareholders and board of directors of entergy corporation and subsidiaries opinion on the financial statement schedule we have audited the consolidated financial statements of entergy corporation and subsidiaries (the "corporation")
as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, and for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2018, and the corporation's internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2018, and have issued our reports thereon dated february 26, 2019. our audits also included the consolidated financial statement schedule of the corporation listed in item 15. this consolidated financial statement schedule is the responsibility of the corporation's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the corporation's consolidated financial statement schedule based on our audits. in our opinion, such consolidated financial statement schedule, when considered in relation to the consolidated financial statements taken as a whole, presents fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.
table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm to the shareholder and board of directors of entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries to the members and board of directors of entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries entergy mississippi, llc entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries opinion on the financial statement schedules we have audited the consolidated financial statements of entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries, entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries, entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries, and entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries, and we have also audited the financial statements of entergy mississippi, llc (collectively the "companies") as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, and for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2018, and have issued our reports thereon dated february 26, 2019. our audits also included the financial statement schedules of the respective companies listed in item 15. these financial statement schedules are the responsibility of the respective companies' management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the companies' financial statement schedules based on our audits. in our opinion, such financial statement schedules, when considered in relation to the financial statements taken as a whole, present fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein.
table of contents index to financial statement schedules schedule                                                           page ii        valuation and qualifying accounts 2018, 2017, and 2016:
schedules other than those listed above are omitted because they are not required, not applicable, or the required information is shown in the financial statements or notes thereto.
columns have been omitted from schedules filed because the information is not applicable.
table of contents entergy corporation and subsidiaries schedule ii -
-in thousands column a                                     column b            column c          column d            column e other balance at           additions           changes             balance description                              beginning of          charged to    deductions (1)    at end of period period              income allowance for doubtful accounts
(1) deductions represent write-offs of accounts receivable balances and are reduced by recoveries of amounts previously written off.
table of contents entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries schedule ii -
-in thousands column a                                     column b            column c          column d            column e other balance at           additions           changes             balance description                              beginning of          charged to    deductions (1)    at end of period period              income allowance for doubtful accounts
(1) deductions represent write-offs of accounts receivable balances and are reduced by recoveries of amounts previously written off.
table of contents entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries schedule ii -
-in thousands column a                                     column b            column c          column d            column e other balance at           additions           changes             balance description                              beginning of          charged to    deductions (1)    at end of period period              income allowance for doubtful accounts
(1) deductions represent write-offs of accounts receivable balances and are reduced by recoveries of amounts previously written off.
table of contents entergy mississippi, llc schedule ii -
-in thousands column a                                    column b             column c          column d            column e other balance at            additions           changes             balance description                                beginning    charged to income    deductions (1)    at end of period of period allowance for doubtful accounts
(1) deductions represent write-offs of accounts receivable balances and are reduced by recoveries of amounts previously written off.
table of contents entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries schedule ii -
-in thousands column a                                    column b             column c          column d            column e other balance at            additions           changes             balance description                                beginning    charged to income    deductions (1)    at end of period of period allowance for doubtful accounts
(1) deductions represent write-offs of accounts receivable balances and are reduced by recoveries of amounts previously written off.
table of contents entergy texas, inc.
-in thousands column a                                    column b             column c          column d            column e other balance at            additions           changes             balance description                                beginning    charged to income    deductions (1)    at end of period of period allowance for doubtful accounts
(1) deductions represent write-offs of accounts receivable balances and are reduced by recoveries of amounts previously written off.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations refer to "management's financial discussion and analysis of entergy corporation and subsidiaries, entergy arkansas, llc and subsidiaries, entergy louisiana, llc and subsidiaries, entergy mississippi, llc, entergy new orleans, llc and subsidiaries, entergy texas, inc. and subsidiaries, and system energy resources, inc."