risk factors - "we rely on the value of our brands, and the cost of maintaining and enhancing our brand awareness are increasing" and "our international operations involve additional risks and our exposure to these risks will increase as our business expands globally."
lodging lodging includes hotel accommodations as well as alternative accommodations primarily made available through homeaway. as a percentage of our total worldwide revenue in 2018, lodging accounted for 69%. our room night growth has been healthy, with room nights 32% in 2016 (excluding elong), 16% in 2017 and 13% in 2018. adrs for rooms booked on expedia and homeaway websites increased 5% in 2016 (excluding elong) due to the acquisition of homeaway,
hotel. we generate the majority of our revenue through the facilitation of hotel reservations (stand-alone and package bookings). although our relationships with our hotel supply partners remained broadly stable in the past few years, as part of the global rollout of etp, we reduced negotiated economics in certain instances to compensate for hotel supply partners absorbing expenses such as credit card fees and customer service costs, which has negatively impacted the margin of revenue we earn per booking. in addition, as we continue to expand the breadth and depth of our global hotel offering, in some cases we have reduced our economics in various geographies based on local market conditions. these impacts are due to specific initiatives intended to drive greater global size and scale through faster overall room night growth. additionally, increased promotional activities such as growing loyalty programs contribute to declines in revenue per room night and profitability.
since our hotel supplier agreements are generally negotiated on a percentage basis, any increase or decrease in adrs has an impact on the revenue we earn per room night. over the course of the last several years, occupancies and adrs in the lodging industry generally increased on a currency-neutral basis in a gradually improving overall travel environment. current occupancy rates for hotels in the united states remain high; however, u.s. hotel supply has continued to grow, which may put additional pressure on adrs. in some international markets, hotel supply is being added at a faster rate as hotel owners and operators try to take advantage of opportunities in faster growing regions. companies like airbnb, homeaway and booking.com also added incremental global supply in the alternative accommodations space. in addition, while the global lodging industry remains very fragmented, there has been consolidation in the hotel space among chains as well as ownership groups. in the meantime, certain hotel chains have been focusing on driving direct bookings on their own websites and mobile applications by advertising lower rates than those available on third-party websites as well as incentives such as loyalty points, increased or exclusive product availability and complimentary wi-fi. we have succeeded in adding supply to our global lodging marketplace with more than one million properties on our global websites as of december 31, 2018, including more than 370,000 integrated homeaway vacation rental listings.
alternative accommodations. with our acquisition of homeaway and all of its brands in december 2015, we expanded into the fast growing alternative accommodations market. homeaway is a leader in this market and represents an attractive growth opportunity for expedia group. homeaway has been undergoing a transition from a listings-based classified advertising model to an online transactional model that optimizes for both travelers and homeowner and property manager partners, with a goal of increasing monetization and driving growth through investments in marketing as well as in product and technology. homeaway offers hosts subscription-based listing or pay-per-booking service models. it also generates revenue from a traveler service fee for bookings. as of december 31, 2018, there are over 1.8 million online bookable listings available on homeaway, with over 370,000 listings also available through expedia group's other brands.
air significant airline sector consolidation in the united states in recent years generally resulted in lower overall capacity and higher fares, which combined with the significant declines in fuel prices led to record levels of profitability for the u.s. air carriers, further strengthening their position. however, in 2017 and into 2018, there was evidence of discounting by the u.s. carriers while currency headwinds and weaker macroeconomic trends put pressure on international results. starting in the second half of 2018, there has been evidence of modest fare increases, though it remains unclear if this trend will continue. ticket prices on expedia group websites declined
6% in 2016 (excluding elong), 1% in 2017, and increased 2% in 2018. based on airline reports, demand for airline tickets seems to be strong, helping increase air revenues globally. there is significant correlation between airline revenues and fuel prices, and fluctuations in fuel prices generally take time to be reflected in air revenues. given current volatility, it is uncertain whether the recent increases in fuel prices will drive further increases in airfares, particularly when considering planned supply increases through capacity additions. we can encounter
table of contents pressure on air remuneration as air carriers combine and as certain supply agreements renew, and continue to add airlines to ensure local coverage in new markets.
air ticket volumes increased 32% in 2016 (excluding elong), primarily due to the acquisition of orbitz, 4% in 2017, and 5% in 2018. as a percentage of our total worldwide revenue in 2018, air accounted for 8%.
advertising & media our advertising and media business is principally driven by revenue generated by trivago, a leading hotel metasearch website, in addition to expedia group media solutions, which is responsible for generating advertising revenue on our global online travel brands. in 2018, we generated a total of $1.1 billion of advertising and media revenue, a slight increase from 2017, representing 10% of our total worldwide revenue. in 2018, trivago shifted its operational focus, reducing marketing spend to better balance revenue and profit growth. the lower marketing spend negatively impacted revenue growth, while benefiting profitability. we expect that trend to continue in the first half of 2019.
seasonality we generally experience seasonal fluctuations in the demand for our travel services. for example, traditional leisure travel bookings are generally the highest in the first three quarters as travelers plan and book their spring, summer and winter holiday travel. the number of bookings typically decreases in the fourth quarter. because revenue for most of our travel services, including merchant and agency hotel, is recognized as the travel takes place rather than when it is booked, revenue typically lags bookings by several weeks for our hotel business and can be several months or more for our vacation rental business. historically, homeaway has seen seasonally stronger bookings in the first quarter of the year, with the relevant stays occurring during the peak summer travel months.
the seasonal revenue impact is exacerbated with respect to income by the nature of our variable cost of revenue and direct sales and marketing costs, which we typically realize in closer alignment to booking volumes, and the more stable nature of our fixed costs. furthermore, operating profits for our primary advertising business, trivago, have typically been experienced in the second half of the year, particularly the fourth quarter, as selling and marketing costs offset revenue in the first half of the year as we typically increase marketing during the busy booking period for spring, summer and winter holiday travel. as a result on a consolidated basis, revenue and income are typically the lowest in the first quarter and highest in the third quarter. the continued growth of our international operations, advertising business or a change in our product mix, including the growth of homeaway, may influence the typical trend of the seasonality in the future, and there may also be business or market driven dynamics that result in short-term impacts to revenue or profitability that differ from the typical seasonal trends. as homeaway has further shifted to a predominately transaction-based business model for vacation rental listings and its booking window elongates, its seasonal trends are more pronounced than our other traditional leisure businesses.
critical accounting policies and estimates critical accounting policies and estimates are those that we believe are important in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements because they require that we use judgment and estimates in applying those policies. we prepare our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states ("gaap"). preparation of the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements as well as revenue and expenses during the periods reported. we base our estimates on historical experience, where applicable, and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. actual results may differ from our estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
there are certain critical estimates that we believe require significant judgment in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. we consider an accounting estimate to be critical if:
•  it requires us to make an assumption because information was not available at the time or it included matters that were highly uncertain at the time we were making the estimate; and
•  changes in the estimate or different estimates that we could have selected may have had a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations.
for more information on each of these policies, see note 2 - significant accounting policies , in the notes to consolidated financial statements. we discuss information about the nature and rationale for our critical accounting estimates below.
table of contents accounting for certain merchant revenue we accrue the cost of certain merchant revenue based on the amount we expect to be billed by suppliers. in certain instances when a supplier invoices us for less than the cost we accrued, we generally reduce our merchant accounts payable and the supplier costs within net revenue six months in arrears, net of an allowance, when we determine it is not probable that we will be required to pay the supplier, based on historical experience. actual revenue could be greater or less than the amounts estimated due to changes in hotel billing practices or changes in traveler behavior.
deferred loyalty rewards we offer certain internally administered traveler loyalty programs to our customers, such as our hotels.com rewards program, our expedia rewards program and our orbitz rewards program. hotels.com rewards offers travelers one free night at any hotels.com partner property after that traveler stays 10 nights, subject to certain restrictions.
expedia rewards rewards enables participating travelers to earn points on all hotel, flight, package and activities made on over 30 brand expedia websites. orbitz rewards allows travelers to earn orbucks, the currency of orbitz rewards, on flights, hotels and vacation packages and instantly redeem those orbucks on future bookings at various hotels worldwide. as travelers accumulate points towards free travel products, we defer the relative standalone selling price of earned points, net of expected breakage, as deferred loyalty rewards within deferred merchant bookings on the consolidated balance sheet. in order to estimate the standalone selling price of the underlying services on which points can be redeemed for all loyalty programs, we use an adjusted market assessment approach and consider the redemption values expected from the traveler. we then estimate the number of rewards that will not be redeemed based on historical activity in our members' accounts as well as statistical modeling techniques.
revenue is recognized when we have satisfied our performance obligation relating to the points, that is when the travel service purchased with the loyalty award is satisfied. both the actual standalone selling price of the underlying services and ultimate redemption rates could differ materially from our estimates due to a number of factors, including fluctuations in reward value, product utilization and divergence from historical member behavior.
business combinations we assign the value of the consideration transferred to acquire a business to the tangible assets and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed on the basis of their fair values at the date of acquisition.
any excess purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired is allocated to goodwill. when determining the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, management makes significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. critical estimates in valuing certain intangible assets include but are not limited to future expected cash flows from customer relationships and trade names, and discount rates. management's estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates.
recoverability of goodwill and indefinite and definite-lived intangible assets goodwill . we assess goodwill for impairment annually as of october 1, or more frequently, if events and circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. in the evaluation of goodwill for impairment, we typically perform a quantitative assessment and compare the fair value of the reporting unit to the carrying value and, if applicable, record an impairment charge based on the excess of the reporting unit's carrying amount over its fair value. periodically, we may choose to perform a qualitative assessment, prior to performing the quantitative analysis, to determine whether the fair value of the goodwill is more likely than not impaired.
we generally base our measurement of fair value of reporting units on a blended analysis of the present value of future discounted cash flows and market valuation approach with the exception of our standalone publicly traded subsidiary, which is based on market valuation. the discounted cash flows model indicates the fair value of the reporting units based on the present value of the cash flows that we expect the reporting units to generate in the future. our significant estimates in the discounted cash flows model include: our weighted average cost of capital;
long-term rate of growth and profitability of our business; and working capital effects. the market valuation approach indicates the fair value of the business based on a comparison of the company to comparable publicly traded firms in similar lines of business. our significant estimates in the market approach model include identifying similar companies with comparable business factors such as size, growth, profitability, risk and return on investment and assessing comparable revenue and operating income multiples in estimating the fair value of the reporting units.
we believe the weighted use of discounted cash flows and market approach is the best method for determining the fair value of our reporting units because these are the most common valuation methodologies used within the travel and internet industries; and the blended use of both models compensates for the inherent risks associated with either model if used on a stand-alone basis.
table of contents in addition to measuring the fair value of our reporting units as described above, we consider the combined carrying and fair values of our reporting units in relation to the company's total fair value of equity plus debt as of the assessment date. our equity value assumes our fully diluted market capitalization, using either the stock price on the valuation date or the average stock price over a range of dates around the valuation date, plus an estimated acquisition premium which is based on observable transactions of comparable companies. the debt value is based on the highest value expected to be paid to repurchase the debt, which can be fair value, principal or principal plus a premium depending on the terms of each debt instrument.
indefinite-lived intangible assets . we base our measurement of fair value of indefinite-lived intangible assets, which primarily consist of trade name and trademarks, using the relief-from-royalty method. this method assumes that the trade name and trademarks have value to the extent that their owner is relieved of the obligation to pay royalties for the benefits received from them. this method requires us to estimate the future revenue for the related brands, the appropriate royalty rate and the weighted average cost of capital.
definite-lived intangible assets. we review the carrying value of long-lived assets or asset groups to be used in operations whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets might not be recoverable. factors that would necessitate an impairment assessment include a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used, a significant adverse change in legal factors or the business climate that could affect the value of the asset, or a significant decline in the observable market value of an asset, among others. if such facts indicate a potential impairment, we would assess the recoverability of an asset group by determining if the carrying value of the asset group exceeds the sum of the projected undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the assets over the remaining economic life of the primary asset in the asset group. if the recoverability test indicates that the carrying value of the asset group is not recoverable, we will estimate the fair value of the asset group using appropriate valuation methodologies, which would typically include an estimate of discounted cash flows. any impairment would be measured as the difference between the asset groups carrying amount and its estimated fair value.
the use of different estimates or assumptions in determining the fair value of our goodwill, indefinite-lived and definite-lived intangible assets may result in different values for these assets, which could result in an impairment or, in the period in which an impairment is recognized, could result in a materially different impairment charge.
income taxes we record income taxes under the liability method. deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect our estimation of the future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for book and tax purposes. we determine deferred income taxes based on the differences in accounting methods and timing between financial statement and income tax reporting. accordingly, we determine the deferred tax asset or liability for each temporary difference based on the enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when we realize the underlying items of income and expense. we consider many factors when assessing the likelihood of future realization of our deferred tax assets, including our recent earnings experience by jurisdiction, expectations of future taxable income, and the carryforward periods available to us for tax reporting purposes, as well as other relevant factors. we may establish a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount we believe is more likely than not to be realized. due to inherent complexities arising from the nature of our businesses, future changes in income tax law, tax sharing agreements or variances between our actual and anticipated operating results, we make certain judgments and estimates. therefore, actual income taxes could materially vary from these estimates.
we record liabilities to address uncertain tax positions we have taken in previously filed tax returns or that we expect to take in a future tax return. the determination for required liabilities is based upon an analysis of each individual tax position, taking into consideration whether it is more likely than not that our tax position, based on technical merits, will be sustained upon examination. for those positions for which we conclude it is more likely than not it will be sustained, we recognize the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50
percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the taxing authority. the difference between the amount recognized and the total tax position is recorded as a liability. the ultimate resolution of these tax positions may be greater or less than the liabilities recorded.
the tax act was enacted in december 2017 and the tax act significantly changed u.s. tax law by, among other things, lowering u.s. corporate income tax rates, implementing a territorial tax system and imposing a one-time transition tax on deemed repatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries. the tax act reduced the u.s. corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%, effective january 1, 2018.
the sec staff issued staff accounting bulletin no. 118 ("sab 118") to address the application of u.s. gaap in situations when a registrant does not have the necessary information available, prepared, or analyzed (including computations) in reasonable detail to complete the accounting for certain income tax effects of the tax act and allows the registrant to record provisional amounts during a measurement period not to extend beyond one year of the enactment date. we applied the guidance in sab 118 when accounting for the enactment date effects of the tax act in 2017 and throughout 2018. at
table of contents december 31, 2017, we had not completed our accounting for all of the enactment date income tax effects of the tax act under accounting standards codification 740, income taxes, for the following aspects: one-time transition tax and revaluation of deferred tax balances. as of december 31, 2018, we have now completed our accounting for all of the enactment date income tax effects of the tax act. based on our final analysis, changes in our estimates during
2018 relating to the one-time transition tax and revaluation of deferred tax balances were immaterial. the tax act created a new requirement that global intangible low-taxed income ("gilti") earned by our foreign subsidiaries must be included in gross u.s. taxable income which we account for in the period incurred (the "period cost method").
other long-term liabilities various legal and tax contingencies . we record liabilities to address potential exposures related to business and tax positions we have taken that have been or could be challenged by taxing authorities. in addition, we record liabilities associated with legal proceedings and lawsuits. these liabilities are recorded when the likelihood of payment is probable and the amounts can be reasonably estimated. the determination for required liabilities is based upon analysis of each individual tax issue, or legal proceeding, taking into consideration the likelihood of adverse judgments and the range of possible loss. in addition, our analysis may be based on discussions with outside legal counsel. the ultimate resolution of these potential tax exposures and legal proceedings may be greater or less than the liabilities recorded.
occupancy and other taxes . some states and localities impose taxes (e.g. transient occupancy, accommodation tax, sales tax and/or business privilege tax) on the use or occupancy of hotel accommodations or other traveler services. generally, hotels collect taxes based on the rate paid to the hotel and remit these taxes to the various tax authorities. when a customer books a room through one of our travel services, we collect a tax recovery charge from the customer which we pay to the hotel. we calculate the tax recovery charge by applying the applicable tax rate supplied to us by the hotels to the amount that the hotel has agreed to receive for the rental of the room by the consumer. in all but a limited number of jurisdictions, we do not collect or remit taxes, nor do we pay taxes to the hotel operator, on the portion of the customer payment we retain. some jurisdictions have questioned our practice in this regard. while the applicable tax provisions vary among the jurisdictions, we generally believe that we are not required to pay such taxes. more recently, a limited number of taxing jurisdictions have made similar claims against homeaway for tax amounts due on the rental amounts charged by owners of vacation rental properties or for taxes on homeaway's services. homeaway is an intermediary between a traveler and a party renting a vacation property and we believe is similarly not liable for such taxes. we are engaged in discussions with tax authorities in various jurisdictions to resolve these issues. some tax authorities have brought lawsuits or have levied assessments asserting that we are required to collect and remit tax. the ultimate resolution in all jurisdictions cannot be determined at this time. certain jurisdictions may require us to pay tax assessments, including occupancy and other transactional tax assessments, prior to contesting any such assessments.
we have established a reserve for the potential settlement of issues related to hotel taxes for prior and current periods, consistent with applicable accounting principles and in light of all current facts and circumstances. a variety of factors could affect the amount of the liability (both past and future), which factors include, but are not limited to, the number of, and amount of revenue represented by, jurisdictions that ultimately assert a claim and prevail in assessing such additional tax or negotiate a settlement and changes in relevant statutes.
we note that there are more than 10,000 taxing jurisdictions in the united states, and it is not feasible to analyze the statutes, regulations and judicial and administrative rulings in every jurisdiction. rather, we have obtained the advice of state and local tax experts with respect to tax laws of certain states and local jurisdictions that represent a large portion of our hotel revenue. many of the statutes and regulations that impose these taxes were established before the emergence of the internet and ecommerce. certain jurisdictions have enacted, and others may enact, legislation regarding the imposition of taxes on businesses that arrange the booking of hotel or alternative accommodations. we continue to work with the relevant tax authorities and legislators to clarify our obligations under new and emerging laws and regulations. we will continue to monitor the issue closely and provide additional disclosure, as well as adjust the level of reserves, as developments warrant. additionally, certain of our businesses are involved in tax related litigation, which is discussed in part i, item 3, legal proceedings. recent occupancy tax developments are also discussed below under the caption "occupancy and other taxes."
stock-based compensation historically, our primary form of employee stock-based compensation was stock option awards. our employee stock options consist of service based awards, some of which also have market-based vesting conditions. we measure the value of stock option awards on the date of grant at fair value using the appropriate valuation techniques, including the black-scholes and monte carlo option-pricing models, for awards that contain market-based vesting conditions. we amortize the fair value over the remaining explicit vesting term in the case of service-based awards and the longer of the derived service period or the explicit service period for awards with market conditions, on a straight-line basis. we account for forfeitures as they occur. the
table of contents pricing models require various highly judgmental assumptions including volatility and expected option term. if any of the assumptions used in the models change significantly, stock-based compensation expense may differ materially in the future from that recorded in the current period.
in addition, we classify certain employee option awards as liabilities when we deem it not probable that the employees holding the awards will bear the risk and rewards of stock ownership for a reasonable period of time.
such options are revalued at the end of each reporting period and upon settlement our total compensation expense recorded from grant date to settlement date will equal the settlement amount.
new accounting pronouncements for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements, see note 2 - significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
occupancy and other taxes we are currently involved in 15 lawsuits brought by or against states, cities and counties over issues involving the payment of hotel occupancy and other taxes. we continue to defend these lawsuits vigorously. with respect to the principal claims in these matters, we believe that the statutes and ordinances at issue do not apply to the services we provide and, therefore, that we do not owe the taxes that are claimed to be owed. we believe that the statutes and ordinances at issue generally impose occupancy and other taxes on entities that own, operate or control hotels (or similar businesses) or furnish or provide hotel rooms or similar accommodations.
recent developments include:
jefferson parish, louisiana litigation.on january 2, 2019, jefferson parish, louisiana filed a lawsuit in louisiana state court against a number of online travel companies, including expedia, hotels.com, hotwire, orbitz and egencia, alleging claims for declaratory judgment, violation of state and local tax laws, unfair
•  trade practices, breach of fiduciary duty and imposition of a constructive trust.
•  judgment, concluding that the defendants are not responsible for tourist development taxes.
broward county, florida litigation.on january 11, 2019, broward county, florida filed a lawsuit in florida state court against homeaway for a declaratory judgment and supplemental relief claiming that homeaway is obligated to collect and remit tourist development taxes imposed by broward county and also seeking
•  enforcement of a subpoena.
colorado department of revenue tax litigation.on january 11, 2019, a number of online travel companies, including expedia, hotels.com, hotwire and orbitz filed a complaint in colorado state court appealing tax
•  assessments for state and state-collected local taxes issued by the colorado department of revenue.
for additional information on these and other legal proceedings, see part i, item 3, legal proceedings.
we have established a reserve for the potential settlement of issues related to hotel occupancy and other tax litigation, consistent with applicable accounting principles and in light of all current facts and circumstances, in the amount of $46 million as of december 31, 2018 and $43 million as of december 31, 2017 .
certain jurisdictions, including the states of new york, new jersey, north carolina, minnesota, oregon, rhode island, maryland, pennsylvania, hawaii, iowa, massachusetts, the city of new york, and the district of columbia, have enacted legislation seeking to tax online travel company services as part of sales or other taxes for hotel occupancy and/or car rental. we are currently remitting taxes to a number of jurisdictions, including to the states of new york, new jersey, south carolina, north carolina, minnesota, georgia, wyoming, oregon, rhode island, montana, maryland, kentucky, maine, new jersey, pennsylvania, hawaii, iowa, massachusetts, the city of new york and the district of columbia, as well as certain other jurisdictions.
table of contents pay-to-play certain jurisdictions may assert that we are required to pay any assessed taxes prior to being allowed to contest or litigate the applicability of the ordinances. this prepayment of contested taxes is referred to as "pay-to-
play." payment of these amounts is not an admission that we believe we are subject to such taxes and, even when such payments are made, we continue to defend our position vigorously. if we prevail in the litigation, for which a pay-to-play payment was made, the jurisdiction collecting the payment will be required to repay such amounts and also may be required to pay interest. however, any significant pay-to-play payment or litigation loss could negatively impact our liquidity. for additional information, including significant pay-to-play payments made by expedia group companies as well as reimbursement of certain pay-to-play amounts received by expedia group companies, see note 16 - commitments and contingencies - legal proceedings - pay-to-play in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
other jurisdictions. we are also in various stages of inquiry or audit with domestic and foreign tax authorities, some of which, including in the city of los angeles regarding hotel occupancy taxes and in the united kingdom regarding the application of value added tax ("vat") to our european union related transactions, may impose a pay-
segments we have four reportable segments: core ota, trivago, homeaway, and egencia. our core ota segment provides a full range of travel and advertising services to our worldwide customers through a variety of brands including:
expedia.com and hotels.com in the united states and localized expedia and hotels.com websites throughout the world, orbitz, cheaptickets, ebookers, expedia partner solutions, hotwire.com, travelocity, wotif group, carrentals.com, classic vacations and silverrail technologies, inc. our trivago segment generates advertising revenue primarily from sending referrals to online travel companies and travel service providers from its hotel metasearch websites.
our homeaway segment operates an online marketplace for the alternative accommodations industry. our egencia segment provides managed travel services to corporate customers worldwide.
operating metrics our operating results are affected by certain metrics, such as gross bookings and revenue margin, which we believe are necessary for understanding and evaluating us. gross bookings represent the total retail value of transactions booked for both agency and merchant transactions as well as homeaway bookings, recorded at the time of booking reflecting the total price due for travel by travelers, including taxes, fees and other charges, and are generally reduced for cancellations and refunds. as travelers have increased their use of the internet to book travel arrangements, we have generally seen our gross bookings increase, reflecting the growth in the online travel industry, our organic market share gains and our business acquisitions. revenue margin is defined as revenue as a percentage of gross bookings.
when homeaway properties are booked through our core ota websites and vice versa, the segments split the third-
party revenue for management and segment reporting purposes with the majority of the third-party revenue residing with the website marketing the property or room. the operating metrics, including gross bookings and room nights, are not split but instead generally reside entirely with the website marketing the property or room.
table of contents gross bookings and revenue margin year ended december 31,                                            % change
trivago, which is comprised of a hotel metasearch business that differs from our transaction-based
the increase in worldwide gross bookings in 2018 and 2017 compared to the prior year periods was primarily due to growth in the core ota segment, including growth at brand expedia, hotels.com and expedia partner solutions, as well as growth at homeaway.
results of operations revenue year ended december
31,                                 % change
in 2018 , revenue increased primarily driven by growth in the core ota segment, including growth at brand expedia, expedia partner solutions and hotels.com, as well as growth at homeaway. in 2017 , revenue increased primarily driven by growth in the core ota segment, including growth at brand expedia and expedia partner solutions, as well as growth at homeaway and trivago.
table of contents year ended december
31,                                 % change
-$ in millions revenue by service type lodging               $                  7,712    $   6,851    $  6,021    13  %               14  %
lodging revenue increased 13% in 2018 on a 13% increase in room nights stayed driven by growth in hotels.com, expedia partner solutions and homeaway. lodging revenue increased 14% in 2017 primarily due to a 16% increase in room nights stayed driven by growth in brand expedia, homeaway and expedia partner solutions, partially offset by a
worldwide air revenue increased 12% in 2018 due to a 5% increase in air tickets sold as well as a 7% increase in revenue per ticket. air revenue growth for 2018 included an approximately 3% benefit due to an accounting change related to classification of certain fees, which were previously recorded as contra-revenue but now classified as cost of revenue with no net impact to operating income. worldwide air revenue increased 1% in 2017 due to 4%
increase in air tickets sold, partially offset by a 3% decrease in revenue per ticket.
advertising and media revenue increased 2% in 2018 due to continued growth at expedia group media solutions, offset by declines at trivago. advertising and media revenue increased 33% in 2017 primarily due to growth at trivago and expedia group media solutions.
all other revenue, which includes car rental, insurance, destination services and fees related to our corporate travel business, increased by 14% in 2018 and 16% in 2017 primarily due to growth in our travel insurance products and car rental revenue.
in addition to the above segment and product revenue discussion, our revenue by business model is as follows:
31,                                 % change
-$ in millions revenue by business model merchant              $                  5,950    $   5,394    $  4,853    10  %               11  %
agency                                   3,010        2,687       2,425    12  %               11  %
the increase in agency revenue in 2018 and 2017 was primarily due to the growth in agency hotel and air.
homeaway revenue increased 29% in 2018 compared to 2017 due to growth in transactional revenue of approximately 55%
primarily driven by a benefit from the traveler service fee, partially offset by subscription revenue decreasing approximately 20%. homeaway revenue increased 32% in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to growth in transactional revenue of 115% driven by a benefit from the traveler service fee, partially offset by subscription revenue decreasing approximately 30%.
table of contents cost of revenue year ended december 31,                                         % change
-$ in millions customer          $                874       $    767       $    727       14  %                5  %
processing data center,                       583            484            362       21  %               34  %
cloud and other total cost of     $              1,965       $  1,757       $  1,597       12  %               10  %
% of revenue                      17.5  %        17.5  %        18.2  %
cost of revenue primarily consists of (1) customer operations, including our customer support and telesales as well as fees to air ticket fulfillment vendors, (2) credit card processing, including merchant fees, fraud and chargebacks, and (3) other costs, primarily including data center and cloud costs to support our websites, supplier operations, destination supply, and stock-based compensation.
in 2018 , the increase in cost of revenue expense was driven by $107 million of increased customer operations expenses, including higher direct and headcount costs to support the growth of the business as well as impacts of the reclassification of certain air fees from contra-revenue due to the current year accounting change. in addition, data center, cloud and other costs increased $99 million period over period.
in 2017 , the increase in cost of revenue expense was driven by $122 million of higher data center, cloud and other costs, including a $37 million increase in depreciation expense primarily data center related, as well as $40
million of increased customer operations expenses.
cloud expense in cost of revenue during 2018 was $92 million compared to $57 million in 2017 and $4 million in
selling and marketing year ended december 31,                                         % change
and marketing
% of revenue                      51.4  %        52.7  %        49.8  %
selling and marketing expense primarily relates to direct costs, including traffic generation costs from search engines and internet portals, television, radio and print spending, private label and affiliate program commissions, public relations and other costs. the remainder of the expense relates to indirect costs, including personnel and related overhead in our various brands and global supply organization as well as stock-based compensation costs.
selling and marketing expenses increased $469 million during 2018 compared to 2017 driven by an increase of $ 310
million of direct costs, including online and offline marketing expenses. expedia partner solutions, brand expedia, hotels.com and homeaway accounted for the majority of the total direct cost increases, partially offset by a decrease at trivago. in addition, higher indirect costs of $159 million also contributed to the increase and were primarily driven by growth in personnel in the lodging supply organization. the decrease in selling and marketing expense as a percentage of revenue in 2018 from 2017 was largely due to leverage on direct costs primarily driven by the ongoing marketing rationalization efforts at trivago.
selling and marketing expenses increased $931 million during 2017 compared to 2016 driven by an increase of $830
million of direct costs, including online and offline marketing expenses. trivago, brand expedia, expedia partner solutions and hotels.com accounted for the majority of the total direct cost increases. in addition, higher indirect costs of $101 million also contributed to the increase and were primarily driven by growth in personnel at egencia as well as in the lodging supply organization.
table of contents technology and content year ended december 31,                                         % change
overhead depreciation and amortization of                    495            445            362       11  %               23  %
% of revenue                      14.4  %        13.8  %        14.1  %
technology and content expense includes product development and content expense, as well as information technology costs to support our infrastructure, back-office applications and overall monitoring and security of our networks, and is principally comprised of personnel and overhead, depreciation and amortization of technology assets including hardware, and purchased and internally developed software, and other costs including cloud expense, licensing and maintenance expense and stock-based compensation.
technology and content expense increased $230 million for 2018 compared to 2017 primarily due to increased personnel and overhead costs of $129 million on higher headcount investments to develop our ecommerce platform and growth at homeaway. depreciation and amortization of technology assets also increased by $50 million . other costs increased $51 million year-over-year primarily due to higher licensing and maintenance costs to support the growth of our technology platforms as well as higher cloud expenses.
technology and content expense increased $152 million for 2017 primarily due to increased depreciation and amortization of technology assets of $83 million year-over-year. personnel and overhead costs also increased $67
million on higher headcount. other costs increased $2 million year-over-year primarily due to higher licensing and maintenance to support the growth of our technology platforms, partially offset by lower stock-based compensation of $9 million, including the impact of 2016 amounts related to the trivago employee stock option plan as described in note 9 - stock-based awards and other equity instruments .
general and administrative year ended december 31,                                       % change
overhead professional                        288           223           267       29  %               (17  )%
% of revenue                        7.2  %        6.7  %        7.7  %
general and administrative expense consists primarily of personnel-related costs, including our executive leadership, finance, legal and human resource functions as well as fees for external professional services including legal, tax and accounting, and other costs including stock-based compensation.
general and administrative expense increased $132 million in 2018 compared to 2017 primarily related to higher personnel and overhead costs of $67 million resulting from increased headcount at corporate as well as the prior year reversal of approximately $41 million of previously recognized stock-based compensation expense related to the departure of our former ceo in september 2017.
general and administrative expense decreased $2 million in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily related to a decrease in professional fees and other on lower stock-based compensation of $64 million year-over-year, resulting from the
2017 reversal of approximately $41 million of previously recognized stock-based compensation expense related to the departure of our former ceo as well as the absence of certain 2016 stock-based compensation charges related to trivago, partially offset by an increase in professional fees. in addition, personnel and overhead expenses also increased $42 million primarily driven by the organic growth of the business.
table of contents amortization and impairment of intangible assets year ended december
31,                               % change
-$ in millions amortization of       $                     283    $   275    $   317      3  %               (13  )%
intangible assets impairment of                                42          -         35    n/a                  n/a intangible assets amortization of intangible assets increased $8 million in 2018 compared to 2017 primarily due to amortization related to new business acquisitions in the prior year. in 2017 , amortization of intangible assets decreased $42
million compared to 2016 primarily due to the completion of amortization related to certain intangible assets, partially offset by $11 million of amortization related to new business acquisitions in 2017.
in 2018 and in 2016, we recorded an impairment loss of $42 million and $35 million related to indefinite-lived trade names within our core ota segment due to changes in estimated future revenue of the related brands.
impairment of goodwill during 2018, we recognized a goodwill impairment charge of $86 million related to a reporting unit within our core ota segment. see note 4 - fair value measurements in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
2018                         2017       2016    2018 vs 2017  % change      2017 vs 2016
other legal reserves, occupancy tax and other primarily consists of increases in our reserves for court decisions and the potential and final settlement of issues related to hotel occupancy and other taxes, expenses recognized related to monies paid in advance of occupancy and other tax proceedings ("pay-to-play") as well as certain other legal reserves.
during 2018 , we received a refund of prepaid pay-to-play payments of $78 million from the city of san francisco and recorded a related gain in legal reserves, occupancy tax and other, which was partially offset by expense related to changes in our reserve related to hotel occupancy and other taxes for other jurisdictions.
during 2017 , the expense primarily related to changes in our reserve related to hotel occupancy and other taxes.
during 2016 , we recognized approximately $12 million for amounts expected to be paid in advance of litigation related to merchant car rental transactions in connection with hawaii's general excise tax litigation. the remaining expense in 2016 related to changes in our reserve related to hotel occupancy and other taxes.
for additional information, see note 16 - commitments and contingencies in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
restructuring and related reorganization charges during 2018, we did not recognize any restructuring and related reorganization charges. however, during 2017 and
$56 million in restructuring and related reorganization charges, respectively.
table of contents operating income year ended december
31,                                       % change
-$ in millions operating income  $                  714       $   625       $   462       14  %               35  %
% of revenue                         6.4  %        6.2  %        5.3  %
in 2018 , operating income increased primarily due to growth in revenue in excess of operating costs as well as the
$78 million gain recognized related to the san francisco pay-to-play refund in the current year, partially offset by current year impairment charges related to goodwill and intangible assets.
in 2017 , operating income increased primarily due to growth in revenue and a decrease in most major expense categories as a percentage of revenue, partially offset by growth in sales and marketing as a percentage of revenue in 2017.
adjusted ebitda by segment year ended december 31,                                          % change
(1) adjusted ebitda is a non-gaap measure. see "definition and reconciliation of adjusted ebitda" below for more information.
adjusted ebitda is our primary segment operating metric. see note 18 - segment information in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on intersegment transactions, unallocated overhead costs and for a reconciliation of adjusted ebitda by segment to net income (loss) attributable to expedia group, inc. for the periods presented above.
core ota adjusted ebitda increased $248 million during 2018 , primarily due to an increase in revenue combined with a decrease in selling and marketing as a percentage of revenue in the current period. adjusted ebitda increased
$101 million during 2017 , primarily due to an increase of $797 million in revenue, partially offset by an increase in online marketing expense mostly at brand expedia, expedia partner solutions and hotels.com, and including an increase in online spend at trivago.
trivago adjusted ebitda increased $11 million during 2018 . beginning late in the second quarter of 2018, trivago started focusing on improved profitability and made significant reductions in its advertising spend as a result of this increased focus on reducing operating expenditures. trivago adjusted ebitda declined $30 million during 2017.
the deterioration was largely driven by a sudden change in advertiser bidding at the end of the second quarter of
2017 resulting in a sharp decline in revenue growth. marketing spend, in particular pre-committed television spend, could not be adjusted to an optimal level timely enough and resulted in the declining profitability.
homeaway adjusted ebitda increased $86 million during 2018 due to an increase of $265 million in revenue, partially offset by higher operating expenses from planned investments in performance-based marketing as well as continued investing in both customer and supplier facing products, and homeaway's migration to the cloud. homeaway adjusted ebitda increased $27 million during 2017 due to an increase of $217 million in revenue, partially offset by higher selling and marketing and technology and content expense. during 2017, homeaway continued to invest in offline and online brand marketing to bring more demand to its supply base and in growing its product and technology teams.
egencia adjusted ebitda increased $12 million during 2018 primarily due to an increase in revenue of $80 million as a result of adding new corporate clients and room night growth, partially offset by investments in customer service and product to
table of contents further differentiate egencia. egencia adjusted ebitda increased $14 million in 2017 primarily due to an increase in revenue of $59 million as a result of adding new corporate clients and room night growth as well as scale efficiencies, partially offset by investments in sales, product and technology.
unallocated overhead costs increased $100 million during 2018 primarily due to higher general and administrative personnel and overhead costs as well as higher technology and content expense to support investments in our ecommerce platform. unallocated overhead costs increased $15 million during 2017 primarily due to higher general and administrative professional fees as well as personnel and overhead costs, partially offset by lower technology and content expense as we lapped over an accelerated pace of technology hiring in 2016.
interest income and expense year ended december 31,                                        % change
interest income increased in 2018 compared to 2017 primarily due to interest income recognized on the san francisco pay-to-play refund mentioned above of $19 million as well as higher invested balances and to a lesser extent higher rates of return. interest income increased in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to higher invested balances and to a lesser extent higher rates of return.
interest expense increased in 2018 compared to 2017 primarily as a full year of interest on the $1 billion senior unsecured notes issued in september 2017, partially offset by lower interest expense due to the august 2018
maturity of our $500 million senior unsecured notes. interest expense increased in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily as a result of additional interest on the $1 billion senior unsecured notes issued in september 2017.
as of december 31, 2018 , 2017 and 2016 , our senior unsecured notes indebtedness totaled $3.7 billion , $4.2
other, net other, net is comprised of the following:
-in millions foreign exchange rate gains (losses),   $                        3       $  (46   )    $  (15   )
during 2018, the losses on minority equity investments, net related to fair value changes in our investment in despegar, a publicly traded company, partially offset by $33 million of gains related to minority investments without readily determinable fair values for which recently observable and orderly transactions for similar investments occurred during the year. see note 2 - significant accounting policies - recently adopted accounting policies - recognition and measurement of financial instruments for more information on the related new accounting guidance for minority equity investments adopted in 2018.
provision for income taxes year ended december 31,                                       % change
rate our effective tax rate for 2018 was lower than the 21% federal statutory rate primarily due to earnings in foreign jurisdictions outside of the united states, predominately switzerland, where our statutory income tax rate is lower, as well as
table of contents excess tax benefits related to stock-based payments and foreign-derived intangible income ("fdii"). the net increase in our effective rate for 2018 compared to 2017 was primarily driven by the tax act, the 2018 non-
deductible goodwill impairments as discussed in note 4 - fair value measurements in the notes to the consolidated financial statements and a decrease in the excess tax benefits related to stock-based payments.
our effective tax rate for 2017 was lower than the 35% federal statutory rate due to earnings in foreign jurisdictions outside of the united states well as excess tax benefits related to stock-based payments. the net increase in our effective rate for 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to one-time tax benefits in 2016
including release of a valuation allowance and return to provision true-ups, as well as an increase in losses generated in foreign jurisdictions at tax rates below the 35% federal statutory rate. the effects of the provisional income inclusion for the deemed repatriation transition tax pursuant to the tax act were negated by the benefit of the provisional remeasurement of our net deferred tax liability.
our effective tax rate for 2016 was lower than the 35% federal statutory rate due to earnings in foreign jurisdictions outside of the united states as well as the tax benefits from the adoption of new accounting guidance related to stock-based compensation and the release of valuation allowances in the united kingdom and germany on cumulative foreign net operating losses for which it is more likely than not the tax benefit will be realized.
for additional information including additional information on the impacts of the tax act, see note 10 - income taxes in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
definition and reconciliation of adjusted ebitda we report adjusted ebitda as a supplemental measure to u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap").
adjusted ebitda is among the primary metrics by which management evaluates the performance of the business and on which internal budgets are based. management believes that investors should have access to the same set of tools that management uses to analyze our results. this non-gaap measure should be considered in addition to results prepared in accordance with gaap, but should not be considered a substitute for or superior to gaap. adjusted ebitda has certain limitations in that it does not take into account the impact of certain expenses to our consolidated statements of operations. we endeavor to compensate for the limitation of the non-gaap measure presented by also providing the most directly comparable gaap measure and a description of the reconciling items and adjustments to derive the non-gaap measure. adjusted ebitda also excludes certain items related to transactional tax matters, which may ultimately be settled in cash, and we urge investors to review the detailed disclosure regarding these matters included above, in the legal proceedings section, as well as the notes to the financial statements. the non-gaap financial measure used by the company may be calculated differently from, and therefore may not be comparable to, similarly titled measures used by other companies.
(5) acquisition-related impacts, including (i) amortization of intangible assets and goodwill and intangible asset impairment, (ii) gains (losses) recognized on changes in the value of contingent consideration arrangements, if any, and (iii) upfront consideration paid to settle employee compensation plans of the acquiree, if any; (6)
that portion of gains (losses) on revenue hedging activities that are included in other, net that relate to revenue recognized in the period; and (9) depreciation.
the above items are excluded from our adjusted ebitda measure because these items are noncash in nature, or because the amount and timing of these items is unpredictable, not driven by core operating results and renders comparisons with prior periods and competitors less meaningful. we believe adjusted ebitda is a useful measure for analysts and investors to evaluate our future on-going performance as this measure allows a more meaningful comparison of our performance and projected cash earnings with our historical results from prior periods and to the results of our competitors. moreover, our management uses this measure internally to evaluate the performance of our business as a whole and our individual business segments. in addition, we believe that by excluding certain items, such as stock-
based compensation and acquisition-related impacts, adjusted ebitda corresponds more closely to the cash operating income generated from our business and allows investors to gain an understanding of the factors and trends affecting the ongoing cash earnings capabilities of our business, from which capital investments are made and debt is serviced.
table of contents the reconciliation of net income attributable to expedia group, inc. to adjusted ebitda is as follows:
operating income                                                 714            625            462
revenue recognized restructuring and related reorganization charges, excluding stock-based                                     -             17             43
amortization of intangible assets                                283            275            317
impairment of goodwill                                            86              -              -
impairment of intangible assets                                   42              -             35
financial position, liquidity and capital resources our principal sources of liquidity are cash flows generated from operations; our cash and cash equivalents and short-term investment balances, which were $2.5 billion and $3.3 billion at december 31, 2018 and 2017 , and our $2
as of december 31, 2018 , the total cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments held outside the united states was $1.2 billion ($1.0 billion in wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries and $220 million in majority-owned subsidiaries). the amount of undistributed earnings in foreign subsidiaries where the foreign subsidiary has or will invest undistributed earnings indefinitely outside of the united states, and for which future distributions could be taxable, was $104 million as of december 31, 2018. the unrecognized deferred tax liability related to the u.s. federal income tax consequences of these earnings was $22 million as of december 31, 2018.
the revolving credit facility, which was amended in 2018 to increase the borrowing capacity to $2 billion, extend the expiration to may 2023, and reduce the interest rate on loans under the facility (as disclosed herein), bears interest based on the company's credit ratings with the applicable interest rate on drawn amounts at libor plus 125
basis points and the commitment fee on undrawn amounts at 17.5 basis points as of december 31, 2018. the facility contains various restrictive covenants, including a maximum permissible leverage ratio and a minimum permissible interest coverage ratio. as of december 31, 2018 , the maximum permissible leverage ratio and the minimum interest coverage were 4.00 to 1.00 and 2.75 to 1.00, respectively.
our credit ratings are periodically reviewed by rating agencies. as of december 31, 2018 , moody's rating was ba1
with an outlook of "stable," s&p's rating was bbb with an outlook of "stable" and fitch's rating was bbb- with an outlook of "stable." changes in our operating results, cash flows, financial position, capital structure, financial policy or capital allocations to share repurchase, dividends, investments and acquisitions could impact the ratings assigned by the various rating agencies. should our credit ratings be adjusted downward, we may incur higher costs to borrow and/or limited to access to capital markets, which could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
as of december 31, 2018 , we were in compliance with the covenants and conditions in our revolving credit facility and outstanding debt, which was comprised of $750 million in registered senior unsecured notes due in august 2020
2024 that bear interest at 4.5% (the "4.5% notes"), euro 650 million of registered senior unsecured notes due in june 2022 that bear interest at 2.5% (the "2.5% notes"), $750 million of registered senior unsecured notes due in february 2026 that bear interest at 5.0% ("the 5.0% notes") and the $1 billion of registered senior unsecured notes due in february 2028 that bear interest at 3.8% ("the 3.8%
table of contents notes"). in august 2018, our $500 million in registered senior unsecured notes that bore interest at 7.456% matured and the balance was repaid.
under the merchant model, we receive cash from travelers at the time of booking and we record these amounts on our consolidated balance sheets as deferred merchant bookings. we pay our airline suppliers related to these merchant model bookings generally within a few weeks after completing the transaction, but we are liable for the full value of such transactions until the flights are completed. for most other merchant bookings, which is primarily our merchant hotel business, we generally pay after the travelers' use and, in some cases, subsequent billing from the hotel suppliers. therefore, generally we receive cash from the traveler prior to paying our supplier, and this operating cycle represents a working capital source of cash to us. as long as the merchant hotel business grows, we expect that changes in working capital related to merchant hotel transactions will positively impact operating cash flows. however, we are using both the merchant model and the agency model in many of our markets. if the merchant hotel model declines relative to our other business models that generally consume working capital such as agency hotel, managed corporate travel, advertising or certain expedia partner solutions relationships, or if there are changes to the merchant model, supplier payment terms, or booking patterns that compress the time period between our receipt of cash from travelers and our payment to suppliers, such as with mobile bookings via smartphones, our overall working capital benefits could be reduced, eliminated or even reversed. our future working capital benefits could also be impacted by homeaway's continued shift to become the merchant of record on more of its transactions.
seasonal fluctuations in our merchant hotel bookings affect the timing of our annual cash flows. during the first half of the year, hotel bookings have traditionally exceeded stays, resulting in much higher cash flow related to working capital. during the second half of the year, this pattern reverses and cash flows are typically negative.
while we expect the impact of seasonal fluctuations to continue, merchant hotel growth rates, changes to the model or booking patterns, changes in the relative mix of merchant hotel transactions compared with transactions in our working capital consuming businesses, including etp, as well as the transformation of the homeaway vacation rental listing business, may counteract or intensify the anticipated seasonal fluctuations.
as of december 31, 2018 , we had a deficit in our working capital of $2.9 billion , compared to a deficit of $2.3
billion as of december 31, 2017 . the change in the deficit was primarily due to investing and financing activities, including capital expenditures and purchase of treasury stock, partially offset by operating cash flows.
we continue to invest in the development and expansion of our operations. ongoing investments include but are not limited to improvements in infrastructure, which include our servers, networking equipment and software, release improvements to our software code, platform migrations and consolidation and search engine marketing and optimization efforts. in addition, in 2016, we began our expansion into the cloud computing environment. while our cloud computing expenses have increased and are expected to continue to increase significantly over the next few years, they are expected to result in lower overall capital expenditures related to our data centers over time. our future capital requirements may include capital needs for acquisitions (including purchases of non-controlling interest), share repurchases, dividend payments or expenditures in support of our business strategy; thus reducing our cash balance and/or increasing our debt. excluding capital expenditures associated with the build out of our new corporate headquarters, we expect total capital expenditures for full year 2019 to increase over 2018 spending levels. for the new headquarters, we expect to spend approximately $900 million. of the total, approximately $30
and 2020, we expect to spend $425 to $475 million and $135 to $185 million, respectively. however, the timing of spend could shift as we progress toward completion of the project and total spend estimates could increase due to impacts from any additional tariffs.
year ended december 31,                                             $ change
operating       $           1,975       $   1,845       $  1,549       $           130       $           296
activities effect of foreign exchange rate changes                      (139  )          147            (35  )               (286  )                182
on cash and cash equivalents in 2018 , net cash provided by operating activities increased by $130 million primarily due to higher operating income after adjusting for impacts of depreciation, amortization, and impairments and a refund of "pay-to-play"
hotel occupancy tax amounts, partially offset by a decrease in benefits from working capital changes, including lower merchant liability benefits
table of contents and higher cash paid for taxes. in 2017 , net cash provided by operating activities increased by $296 million primarily due to increased benefits from working capital changes driven mostly from a change in merchant liabilities.
in 2018 , $1,022 million less cash was used in investing activities primarily due to net sales of investments of
$334 million in the current year compared to net purchases of investments of $715 million in the prior year and higher cash used for acquisitions in 2017, partially offset by higher current year capital expenditures primarily related to our new corporate headquarters. in 2017 , cash used in investing activities increased by $863 million due to net purchase of investments of $715 million in 2017 compared to cash provided by net sales of investments of
$16 million in 2016 and an increase of cash used for acquisitions of $168 million in 2017. these increases were partially offset by $6 million cash inflow in the 2017 due to the net settlement of foreign currency forwards compared to $53 million cash outflow in 2016 as well as lower capital expenditures of $39 million in 2017.
cash used in financing activities in 2018 primarily included cash paid to acquire shares of $923 million , including the repurchased shares under the authorizations discussed below, the $500 million long-term debt repayment and a $186 million cash dividend payment, partially offset by $166 million of proceeds from the exercise of options and employee stock purchase plans. cash provided by financing activities in 2017 primarily included $990
million of net proceeds from the issuance of 3.8% notes as well as $229 million of proceeds from the exercise of options and employee stock purchase plans, partially offset by cash paid to acquire shares of $312 million and a
$176 million cash dividend payment. cash used in financing activities in 2016 primarily included cash paid to acquire shares of $456 million, the repayment of $401 million of homeaway convertible notes and $150 million cash dividend payment, partially offset by $215 million of net proceeds from the initial public offering of trivago as well as $141 million of proceeds from the exercise of options and employee stock purchase plans.
during 2012, 2010, and 2006, our board of directors, or the executive committee, acting on behalf of the board of directors, authorized a repurchase of up to 20 million outstanding shares of our common stock during each of the respective years, during 2015 authorized a repurchase of up to 10 million shares of our common stock, and during
2018 authorized a repurchase of up to 15 million shares of our common stock for a total of 85 million shares.
shares repurchased under the authorized programs were as follows:
number of shares repurchased                  7.7 million       2.3 million       4.0 million average price per share        $                   117.02    $       127.04    $       109.64
total cost of repurchases (in  $                      903    $          294    $          436
as of december 31, 2018 , 12.2 million shares remain authorized for repurchase under the 2018 authorization with no fixed termination date for the repurchases.
see note 12 - stockholders' equity in the notes to consolidated financial statements for a detail of the quarterly dividend payments by year. in addition, in february 2019 , the executive committee, acting on behalf of the board of directors, declared a quarterly cash dividend of $ 0.32 per share of outstanding common stock payable on march
27, 2019 to the stockholders of record as of the close of business on march 7, 2019 . future declarations of dividends are subject to final determination by our board of directors.
foreign exchange rate changes resulted in a reduction of our cash balances denominated in foreign currency in 2018
of $139 million reflecting net depreciations in foreign currencies during 2018 . foreign exchange rate changes resulted in increases in our cash balances denominated in foreign currency in 2017 of $147 million reflecting net appreciations in foreign currencies during 2017. foreign exchange rate changes resulted in reduction in our cash balances denominated in foreign currency in 2016 of $35 million reflecting net depreciations in foreign currencies during 2016.
in our opinion, available cash, funds from operations and available borrowings will provide sufficient capital resources to meet our foreseeable liquidity needs. there can be no assurance, however, that the cost of availability of future borrowings, including refinancing, if any, will be available on terms acceptable to us.
table of contents contractual obligations and commercial commitments the following table presents our material contractual obligations and commercial commitments as of december 31,
letters of credit(4)                   28              13                 11                  -               4
(1)  2020, 2022, 2024, 2026 and 2028 respectively, based on the stated fixed rates. for the 2.5% notes, thedecember 31, 2018euro exchange rate was used to convert the euro 650 million to u.s. dollars and calculate the related u.s. dollar interest payments.
property leases include operating leases for office space and related office equipment as well as leases
(2)  that have been accounted for as build-to-suit lease arrangements. we account for these leases on a monthly basis. certain leases contain periodic rent escalation adjustments and renewal options. lease obligations expire at various dates with the latest maturity in2031.
our purchase obligations represent the minimum obligations we have under agreements with certain of our
(3)  vendors and marketing partners. these minimum obligations are less than our projected use for those periods. payments may be more than the minimum obligations based on actual use.
guarantees and locs are commitments that represent funding responsibilities that may require our performance in the event of third-party demands or contingent events. we use our stand-by locs primarily for certain regulatory purposes as well as to secure payment for hotel room transactions to particular hotel properties. of the outstanding balance of our stand-by locs,$15 milliondirectly reduces the amount
(4)  available to us from our revolving credit facility. the loc amounts in the above table represent the amount of commitment expiration per period. in addition, we provide a guarantee to the aviation authorities of certain foreign countries to protect against potential non-delivery of our packaged travel services sold within those countries. these countries hold all travel agents and tour companies to the same standard. our guarantees also include bonds relating to tax assessments that we are contesting and certain surety bonds related to various company performance obligations.
(5)  excludes $230 million of net unrecognized tax benefits for which we cannot make a reasonably reliable estimate of the amount and period of payment.
other than the items described above, we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2018 .
certain relationships and related party transactions for a discussion of certain relationships and related party transactions, see note 17 - related party transactions in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk market risk management market risk is the potential loss from adverse changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates and market prices.
our exposure to market risk includes our long-term debt, our revolving credit facility, derivative instruments and cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, intercompany receivables, investments, merchant accounts payable and deferred merchant bookings denominated in foreign currencies. we manage our exposure to these risks through established policies and procedures. our objective is to mitigate potential income statement, cash flow and market exposures from changes in interest and foreign exchange rates.
table of contents interest rate risk in august 2010, we issued $750 million senior unsecured notes with a fixed rate of 5.95%. in august 2014, we issued
$500 million senior unsecured notes with a fixed rate of 4.5%. in june 2015, we issued euro 650 million of senior unsecured notes with a fixed rate of 2.5%. (see "foreign exchange risk" below for further discussion or our 2.5%
notes.) in december 2015, we issued $750 million of senior unsecured notes with a fixed rate of 5.0%. in september
2017, we issued $1 billion of senior unsecured notes with a fixed rate of 3.8%. as a result, if market interest rates decline, our required payments will exceed those based on market rates. the fair values of our 5.95% notes,
$760 million and $915 million as of december 31, 2018 as calculated based on quoted market prices in less active markets at year end. a 50 basis point increase or decrease in interest rates would decrease or increase the fair value of our 5.95% notes by approximately $6 million, our 2.5% notes by approximately $12 million, our 4.5% notes by approximately $12 million, our 5.0% notes by approximately $22 million and our 3.8% notes by approximately $35
we maintain a $2 billion revolving credit facility, which bears interest based on market rates plus a spread determined by our credit ratings. because our interest rate is tied to a market rate, we will be susceptible to fluctuations in interest rates if, consistent with our practice to date, we do not hedge the interest rate exposure arising from any borrowings under our revolving credit facility. as of december 31, 2018 and 2017 , we had no revolving credit facility borrowings outstanding.
we did not experience any significant impact from changes in interest rates for the years ended december 31, 2018 ,
foreign exchange risk we conduct business in certain international markets, primarily in australia, canada, china and the european union.
because we operate in international markets, we have exposure to different economic climates, political arenas, tax systems and regulations that could affect foreign exchange rates. our primary exposure to foreign currency risk relates to transacting in foreign currency and recording the activity in u.s. dollars. changes in exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and these other currencies will result in transaction gains or losses, which we recognize in our consolidated statements of operations.
to the extent practicable, we minimize our foreign currency exposures by maintaining natural hedges between our current assets and current liabilities in similarly denominated foreign currencies. additionally, we use foreign currency forward contracts to economically hedge certain merchant revenue exposures, foreign denominated liabilities related to certain of our loyalty programs and our other foreign currency-denominated operating liabilities. these instruments are typically short-term and are recorded at fair value with gains and losses recorded in other, net. as of december 31, 2018 and 2017 , we had a net forward asset of $22 million and $6 million included in prepaid expenses and other current assets. we may enter into additional foreign exchange derivative contracts or other economic hedges in the future. our goal in managing our foreign exchange risk is to reduce to the extent practicable our potential exposure to the changes that exchange rates might have on our earnings, cash flows and financial position. we make a number of estimates in conducting hedging activities including in some cases the level of future bookings, cancellations, refunds, customer stay patterns and payments in foreign currencies. in the event those estimates differ significantly from actual results, we could experience greater volatility as a result of our hedges.
in june 2015, we issued euro 650 million of registered senior unsecured notes that are due in june 2022 and bear interest at 2.5%. the aggregate principal value of the 2.5% notes is designated as a hedge of our net investment in certain euro functional currency subsidiaries. the notes are measured at euro to u.s. dollar exchange rates at each balance sheet date and transaction gains or losses due to changes in rates are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). the euro-denominated net assets of these subsidiaries are translated into u.s. dollars at each balance sheet date, with effects of foreign currency changes also reported in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). since the notional amount of the recorded euro-denominated debt is less than the notional amount of our net investment, we do not expect to incur any ineffectiveness on this hedge.
future net transaction gains and losses are inherently difficult to predict as they are reliant on how the multiple currencies in which we transact fluctuate in relation to the u.s. dollar, the relative composition and denomination of current assets and liabilities each period, and our effectiveness at forecasting and managing, through balance sheet netting or the use of derivative contracts, such exposures. as an example, if the foreign currencies in which we hold net asset balances were to all weaken 10% against the u.s. dollar and foreign currencies in which we hold net liability balances were to all strengthen 10% against the u.s. dollar, we would recognize foreign exchange losses of approximately $23 million based on our foreign currency forward positions (including the impact of forward positions economically hedging our merchant revenue exposures) and the net asset or liability balances of our foreign denominated cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, deferred merchant bookings and merchant accounts payable balances as of december 31, 2018 . as the net composition of these balances fluctuate
table of contents frequently, even daily, as do foreign exchange rates, the example loss could be compounded or reduced significantly within a given period.
during 2018 , 2017 and 2016 , we recorded net foreign exchange rate gains of approximately $3 million ( $38 million loss excluding the contracts economically hedging our forecasted merchant revenue), net foreign exchange rate losses of approximately $46 million ( $40 million loss excluding the contracts economically hedging our forecasted merchant revenue) and net foreign exchange rate losses of approximately $15 million ( $30 million loss excluding the contracts economically hedging our forecasted merchant revenue). as we increase our operations in international markets, our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates increases. the economic impact to us of foreign currency exchange rate movements is linked to variability in real growth, inflation, interest rates, governmental actions and other factors. these changes, if material, could cause us to adjust our financing and operating strategies.
consolidated financial statements and supplementary data the consolidated financial statements and schedule listed in the index to financial statements, schedules and exhibits on page f-1 are filed as part of this report.
changes in and disagreements with accountants on accounting and financial disclosure none.
controls and procedures changes in internal control over financial reporting.
there were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended december 31, 2018 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.
evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures.
as required by rule 13a-15(b) under the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended (the "exchange act"), our management, including our chairman and senior executive, chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in rule 13a-15(e) under the exchange act). based upon that evaluation, our chairman and senior executive, chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.
management's report on internal control over financial reporting.
our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in rule 13a-15(f) of the exchange act. internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america. management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective control over financial reporting described in internal control - integrated framework (2013) issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission. based on this evaluation, management has concluded that, as of december 31, 2018 , the company's internal control over financial reporting was effective. management has reviewed its assessment with the audit committee. ernst & young, llp, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2018 , as stated in their report which is included below.
management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and fraud. any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. further, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the company have been detected.
table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm the board of directors and stockholders expedia group, inc.
opinion on internal control over financial reporting we have audited expedia group, inc.'s internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2018, based on criteria established in internal control-integrated framework issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission (2013 framework) (the coso criteria). in our opinion, expedia group, inc. (the company)
maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2018, based on the coso criteria.
we also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob), the consolidated balance sheets of the company as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2018, and the related notes and our report dated february
basis for opinion the company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying management's report on internal control over financial reporting. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. we are a public accounting firm registered with the pcaob and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.
our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. we believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.
definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting a company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. a company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
table of contents part ii. item 9b.
other information none.
we are incorporating by reference the information required by part iii of this report on form 10-k from our proxy statement relating to our 2019 annual meeting of stockholders (the "2019 proxy statement"), which will be filed with the securities and exchange commission within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended december 31,
directors, executive officers and corporate governance the information required by this item is included under the captions "election of directors - nominees," "election of directors - board meetings and committees," "information concerning executive officers" and "section 16(a)
executive compensation the information required by this item is included under the captions "election of directors -compensation of non-
employee directors," "election of directors - compensation committee interlocks and insider participation,"
security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management and related stockholder matters the information required by this item is included under the captions "security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management" and "equity compensation plan information" in the 2019 proxy statement and incorporated herein by reference.
certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence the information required by this item is included under the captions "certain relationships and related person transactions" and "election of directors - board meetings and committees" in the 2019 proxy statement and incorporated herein by reference.
principal accounting fees and services the information required by this item is included under the caption "audit committee report" in the 2019 proxy statement and incorporated herein by reference.
exhibits, consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules
(a)(1) consolidated financial statements we have filed the consolidated financial statements listed in the index to consolidated financial statements, schedules and exhibits on page f-1 as a part of this report.
(a)(2) financial statement schedules all financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable, not material or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or the notes thereto.
(a)(3) exhibits the exhibits listed below are filed as part of this annual report on form 10-k.
exhibit                                filed                    incorporated by no.                                    herewith                 reference exhibit            form                sec file no.    exhibit                   filing date description underwriting agreement, dated expedia, inc., as issuer, the guarantors party thereto, and bnp paribas, goldman, sachs &
as representatives of the several underwriters
table of contents share purchase agreement, dated as of december 21, 2012, by
subsidiary of expedia and the shareholders of trivago gmbh party thereto.
shareholders agreement, dated as of december 21, 2012 by and
of expedia and certain shareholders of trivago gmbh.
3.1    restated certificate of incorporation of expedia group, inc.      8-k    000-51447     3.2    3/27/2018
3.2    expedia group, inc. general by-laws amended and restated as of    8-k    000-51447     3.3    3/27/2018
indenture, dated as of august 5, 2010, among expedia, inc., as issuer, the subsidiary guarantors from time to time parties
4.1    thereto and the bank of new york mellon trust company, n.a.,      8-k    000-51447     4.1    8/10/2010
as trustee, governing expedia, inc.'s 5.95% senior notes due
ninth supplemental indenture, dated as of september 30, 2016,
party thereto and the bank of new york mellon trust company, n.a., as trustee indenture, dated as of august 13, 2014, among expedia, inc.,
thereto and the bank of new york mellon trust company, n.a., as trustee first supplemental indenture, dated as of august 18, 2014,
and the bank of new york trust company, n.a., as trustee, governing expedia, inc.'s 4.500% senior notes due 2024
fourth supplemental indenture, dated as of june 3, 2015, among expedia, inc., as issuer, the subsidiary guarantors party
4.5    thereto and the bank of new york mellon trust company, n.a.,      8-k    000-51447     4.2    6/3/2015
as trustee, governing expedia, inc.'s 2.500% senior notes due
indenture, dated as of december 8, 2015, among expedia, inc., as issuer, the subsidiary guarantors from time to time parties
4.6    thereto and the bank of new york mellon trust company, n.a.,      8-k    001-37429     4.1    12/8/2015
as trustee, governing expedia, inc.'s 5.000% senior notes due
table of contents indenture, dated as of september 21, 2017, among
barry diller, dated as of december 20, 2011
assignment and assumption of governance agreement, among liberty expedia holdings, inc., lexe marginco,
barry diller and expedia, inc., dated as of november
dated as of december 20, 2011
assignment and assumption of stockholders agreement,
letter agreement, dated as of march 6, 2018, by and
holdings, inc., barry diller, john c. malone and leslie malone, dated as of september 22, 2016
tripadvisor, inc., dated as of december 20, 2011
10.10    services agreement by and between homeaway.com, inc.      10-q       001-37429      10.1    7/28/2017
and keystone strategy llc, dated april 1, 2017
amended and restated credit agreement dated as of september 5, 2014, among expedia, inc., a delaware corporation, expedia, inc., a washington corporation,
hotwire, inc., a delaware corporation, the lenders party hereto, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as administrative agent, and j.p. morgan europe limited, as london agent first amendment, dated as of february 4, 2016, among expedia, inc., a delaware corporation, expedia, inc., a washington corporation, travelscape, llc, a nevada
table of contents second amendment, dated as december 22, 2016, among expedia, inc., a delaware corporation, expedia, inc., a washington corporation, travelscape, llc, a nevada limited liability
the other borrowing subsidiaries from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as administrative agent, and j.p. morgan europe limited, as london agent third amendment, dated as of april 25, 2017, to the amended and restated credit agreement dated as of september 5, 2014 among expedia, inc., a delaware corporation, expedia, inc., a washington corporation, travelscape, llc, a
inc., a delaware corporation, the other borrowing subsidiaries from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as administrative agent, and j.p. morgan europe limited, as london agent fourth amendment, dated as of may 31, 2018, among expedia group, inc., a delaware corporation, expedia, inc., a washington
fifth amendment, dated as of september 10,
2018, to the amended and restated credit agreement dated as of september 5, 2014 among expedia group, inc., a delaware corporation, expedia, inc., a washington corporation,
company, hotwire, inc., a delaware corporation, the other borrowing subsidiaries from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as administrative agent and london agent sixth amendment, dated as of december 28, 2018, to the amended and restated credit agreement dated as of september 5, 2014 among expedia group, inc., a delaware corporation, expedia, inc., a washington corporation, travelscape,
10.17     llc, a nevada limited liability company,           x hotwire, inc., a delaware corporation, the other borrowing subsidiaries from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto, jpmorgan chase bank, n.a., as administrative agent and london agent office building lease by and between tower 333
10.24*    form of expedia, inc. restricted stock unit                  10-q     000-51447     10.1    8/1/2014
10.25*    form of expedia, inc. restricted stock unit                  10-k     001-37429    10.22    2/10/2017
10.26*    form of expedia group, inc. restricted stock unit            10-q     001-37429     10.1    4/27/2018
10.27*    form of expedia, inc. stock option agreement                 10-k     001-37429    10.23    2/10/2017
10.28*    form of expedia group, inc. stock option agreement           10-q     001-37429     10.2    4/27/2018
10.29*    form of expedia, inc. 2018 performance-based stock           10-q     001-37429     10.3    4/27/2018
10.30*    director deferred compensation plan, effective as of         10-k     000-51447    10.13    2/19/2009
10.31*    deferred compensation plan, effective as of january          10-k     000-51447    10.17    2/19/2009
10.32*    first amendment of the executive deferred                    10-k     000-51447    10.20    2/6/2015
compensation plan, effective as of december 31, 2014
okerstrom, dated as of march 7, 2016
10.35*    okerstrom, dated as of march 7, 2016 (performance            8-k      001-37429     10.3    3/9/2016
(performance options)
10.37*    expedia, inc., effective as of march 2, 2018                 10-q     001-37429     10.4    4/27/2018
(performance-based options)
10.39*    expedia, inc., effective as of march 2, 2018                 10-q     001-37429     10.5    4/27/2018
(performance-based options)
(performance-based options)
10.44*    khosrowshahi, dated as of march 31, 2015                     8-k      000-51447     10.3    4/1/2015
(performance options)
10.45*    between peter m. kern and expedia group, inc., dated    x as of august 17, 2018
21        subsidiaries of the registrant                          x
23.1       consent of independent registered public accounting firm                                           x
31.1       certifications of the chairman and senior executive pursuant to section 302 of the                 x sarbanes-oxley act of 2002
31.2       certification of the chief executive officer pursuant to section 302 of the sarbanes-oxley act     x of 2002
31.3       certification of the chief financial officer pursuant section 302 of the sarbanes-oxley act of     x
32.1***    certification of the chairman and senior executive pursuant section 906 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002
32.2***    certification of the chief executive officer pursuant section 906 of the sarbanes-oxley act of
32.3***    certification of the chief financial officer pursuant section 906 of the sarbanes-oxley act of
the following financial statements from the company's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2018, formatted in xbrl: (i) consolidated statements of operations, (ii)
101        consolidated statements of comprehensive income, (iii) consolidated balance sheets, (iv)           x consolidated statements of changes in stockholders' equity, (v) consolidated statements of cash flows, and (vi) notes to consolidated financial statements.
*    indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.
*†   indicates reference to filing of liberty expedia holdings, inc.
table of contents signatures pursuant to the requirements of the section 13 or 15(d) securities exchange act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.
by:  /s/    mark d. okerstrom mark d. okerstrom chief executive officer february 7, 2019
pursuant to the requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on february 7, 2019 .
/s/   mark d. okerstrom             chief executive officer, president and director mark d. okerstrom                   -principal executive officer
/s/    alan pickerill               chief financial officer alan pickerill                      -principal financial officer
/s/    lance a. soliday             chief accounting officer and controller lance a. soliday                    -principal accounting officer
/s/    barry diller                 director (chairman of the board)
table of contents index to consolidated financial statements, schedules and exhibits consolidated financial statements report of independent registered public accounting  f- 2
firm consolidated statements of operations               f- 3
consolidated statements of comprehensive income     f- 4
consolidated statements of changes in               f- 6
stockholders' equity consolidated statements of cash flows               f- 8
notes to consolidated financial statements          f- 9
table of contents report of independent registered public accounting firm the board of directors and stockholders expedia group, inc.
opinion on the financial statements we have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of expedia group, inc. (the company) as of december
31, 2018 and 2017, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income ,
changes in stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2018, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). in our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the company at december 31, 2018 and 2017, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2018, in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles.
we also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the public company accounting oversight board (united states) (pcaob), the company's internal control over financial reporting as of december 31, 2018, based on criteria established in internal control-integrated framework issued by the committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission (2013 framework)
basis for opinion these financial statements are the responsibility of the company's management. our responsibility is to express an opinion on the company's financial statements based on our audits. we are a public accounting firm registered with the pcaob and are required to be independent with respect to the company in accordance with the u.s. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the securities and exchange commission and the pcaob.
we conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the pcaob. those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. we believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.
table of contents consolidated financial statements expedia group, inc.
consolidated statements of operations year ended december 31,
cost of revenue(1)                                                   1,965            1,757            1,597
selling and marketing(1)                                             5,767            5,298            4,367
amortization of intangible assets                                      283              275              317
impairment of goodwill                                                  86                -                -
impairment of intangible assets                                         42                -               35
other restructuring and related reorganization                                                           -               17               56
operating income                                                       714              625              462
cost of revenue                           $  11    $  10    $   11
selling and marketing                        44       40        47
restructuring and related reorganization      -        -        13
charges see notes to consolidated financial statements.
table of contents expedia group, inc.
consolidated statements of comprehensive income year ended december 31,
other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax currency translation adjustments, net of                         (86  )        189           (10  )
securities, net of taxes other comprehensive income (loss), net                           (86  )        182           (10  )
of tax comprehensive income                                             312           554           251
see notes to consolidated financial statements.
table of contents expedia group, inc.
accounts receivable, net of allowance of                                                                           2,151           1,866
liabilities current maturities of                                                                      -             500
additional paid-in capital                                                             9,549           9,163
equity see notes to consolidated financial statements.
table of contents expedia group, inc.
consolidated statements of changes in stockholders' equity
table of contents t...
see notes to consolidated financial statements.
table of contents expedia group, inc.
consolidated statements of cash flows december 31,
operating activities:                                           (in millions)            2017           2016
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:
depreciation of property and equipment, including internal-use software and                                       676             614            477
website development amortization of stock-based compensation                                  203             149            242
amortization and impairment of                                            325             275            352
intangible assets impairment of goodwill                                                     86               -              -
foreign exchange (gain) loss on cash, restricted cash and short-term                                            111             (79  )          16
changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects from acquisitions:
net cash provided by operating                                          1,975           1,845          1,549
capital expenditures, including internal-use software and website                                        (878  )         (710  )        (749  )
development purchases of investments                                               (1,803  )       (1,811  )         (45  )
sales and maturities of investments                                     2,137           1,096             61
acquisitions, net of cash and restricted                                  (53  )         (169  )          (1  )
payment of long-term debt                                                (500  )            -              -
proceeds from issuance of long-term                                         -             990             (2  )
debt, net of issuance costs payment of homeaway convertible notes                                       -               -           (401  )
purchases of treasury stock                                              (923  )         (312  )        (456  )
proceeds from issuance of treasury stock                                   31               -              -
payment of dividends to stockholders                                     (186  )         (176  )        (150  )
proceeds from exercise of equity awards                                   166             229            141
and employee stock purchase plan changes in controlled subsidiaries, net                                   (62  )          (18  )         208
activities effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and                                 (139  )          147            (35  )
at beginning of year cash, cash equivalents and restricted                        $          2,705       $   2,917       $  1,818
cash and cash equivalents at end of year supplemental cash flow information cash paid for interest                                       $            196       $     163       $    154
see notes to consolidated financial statements.
table of contents expedia group, inc.
notes to consolidated financial statements note 1 - organization and basis of presentation description of business expedia group, inc. and its subsidiaries (formerly "expedia, inc.") provide travel products and services to leisure and corporate travelers in the united states and abroad as well as various media and advertising offerings to travel and non-travel advertisers. these travel products and services are offered through a diversified portfolio of brands including: brand expedia ® , hotels.com ® , expedia ® partner solutions, egencia ® , trivago ® and homeaway ® , vrbo ® , orbitz ® , travelocity ® ,wotif ® , lastminute.com.au ® , ebookers ® , cheaptickets ® , hotwire ® , classic vacations ® , carrentals.com tm , expedia local expert ® , expedia ® cruiseshipcenters ® , silverrail technologies, inc., alice ® and traveldoo ® . in addition, many of these brands have related international points of sale. we refer to expedia group, inc. and its subsidiaries collectively as "expedia group,"
the "company," "us," "we" and "our" in these consolidated financial statements.
basis of presentation the accompanying consolidated financial statements include expedia group, inc., our wholly-owned subsidiaries, and entities we control, or in which we have a variable interest and are the primary beneficiary of expected cash profits or losses. we record our investments in entities that we do not control, but over which we have the ability to exercise significant influence, using the equity method. we have eliminated significant intercompany transactions and accounts.
we believe that the assumptions underlying our consolidated financial statements are reasonable. however, these consolidated financial statements do not present our future financial position, the results of our future operations and cash flows.
seasonality we generally experience seasonal fluctuations in the demand for our travel services. for example, traditional leisure travel bookings are generally the highest in the first three quarters as travelers plan and book their spring, summer and winter holiday travel. the number of bookings typically decreases in the fourth quarter. because revenue for most of our travel services, including merchant and agency hotel, is recognized as the travel takes place rather than when it is booked, revenue typically lags bookings by several weeks for our hotel business and can be several months or more for our vacation rental business. historically, homeaway has seen seasonally stronger bookings in the first quarter of the year, with the relevant stays occurring during the peak summer travel months.
the seasonal revenue impact is exacerbated with respect to income by the nature of our variable cost of revenue and direct sales and marketing costs, which we typically realize in closer alignment to booking volumes, and the more stable nature of our fixed costs. furthermore, operating profits for our primary advertising business, trivago, have typically been experienced in the second half of the year, particularly the fourth quarter, as selling and marketing costs offset revenue in the first half of the year as we typically increase marketing during the busy booking period for spring, summer and winter holiday travel. as a result on a consolidated basis, revenue and income are typically the lowest in the first quarter and highest in the third quarter. the continued growth of our international operations, advertising business or a change in our product mix, including the growth of homeaway, may influence the typical trend of the seasonality in the future, and there may also be business or market driven dynamics that result in short-term impacts to revenue or profitability that differ from the typical seasonal trends.
note 2 - significant accounting policies consolidation our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of expedia group, inc., our wholly-owned subsidiaries, and entities for which we control a majority of the entity's outstanding common stock. we record non-controlling interest in our consolidated financial statements to recognize the minority ownership interest in our consolidated subsidiaries. non-controlling interest in the earnings and losses of consolidated subsidiaries represent the share of net income or loss allocated to members or partners in our consolidated entities, which includes the non-
controlling interest share of net income or loss from our redeemable and non-redeemable non-controlling interest entities. upon closing of its initial public offering ("ipo") on december 16, 2016, trivago became a separately listed company on the nasdaq global select market and, therefore, is subject to its own reporting and filing requirements, which could result in possible differences that are not expected to be material to expedia group, inc.
we characterize our minority interest in trivago, subsequent to its ipo, as a non-redeemable non-controlling interest and classify it as a component of stockholders' equity in our consolidated financial statements. non-
table of contents redeemable at the option of the minority holders, such as trivago prior to its ipo, have been included in redeemable non-controlling interests. see "redeemable non-controlling interest" below for further information.
we have eliminated significant intercompany transactions and accounts in our consolidated financial statements.
accounting estimates we use estimates and assumptions in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states ("gaap"). our estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of our consolidated financial statements. these estimates and assumptions also affect the reported amount of net income or loss during any period. our actual financial results could differ significantly from these estimates. the significant estimates underlying our consolidated financial statements include revenue recognition; recoverability of current and long-lived assets, intangible assets and goodwill; income and transactional taxes, such as potential settlements related to occupancy and excise taxes; loss contingencies; deferred loyalty rewards; acquisition purchase price allocations; stock-based compensation and accounting for derivative instruments.
revenue recognition we recognize revenue upon transfer of control of our promised services in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those services.
for our primary transaction-based revenue sources, discussed below, we have determined net presentation (that is, the amount billed to a traveler less the amount paid to a supplier) is appropriate for the majority of our revenue transactions as the supplier is primarily responsible for providing the underlying travel services and we do not control the service provided by the supplier to the traveler. we exclude all taxes assessed by a government authority, if any, from the measurement of transaction prices that are imposed on our travel related services or collected by the company from customers (which are therefore excluded from revenue).
we offer traditional travel services on a stand-alone and package basis generally either through the merchant or the agency business model.
under the merchant model, we facilitate the booking of hotel rooms, alternative accommodations, airline seats, car rentals and destination services from our travel suppliers and we are the merchant of record for such bookings.
under the agency model, we pass reservations booked by the traveler to the relevant travel supplier and the travel supplier serves as the merchant of record for such bookings. we receive commissions or ticketing fees from the travel supplier and/or traveler. for certain agency airline, hotel and car transactions, we also receive fees through global distribution systems ("gds") that provide the computer systems through which the travel supplier inventory is made available and through which reservations are booked.
under the advertising model, we offer travel and non-travel advertisers access to a potential source of incremental traffic and transactions through our various media and advertising offerings on trivago and our transaction-based websites.
our homeaway business facilitates vacation rental bookings, earning per transaction commissions, traveler service fees or a combination, and provides subscription-based listing and other ancillary services to property owners and managers.
the nature of our travel booking service performance obligations vary based on the travel service with differences primarily related to the degree to which we provide post booking services to the traveler and the timing when rights and obligations are triggered in our underlying supplier agreements. we consider both the traveler and travel supplier as our customers.
refer to note 18 - segment information for revenue by business model and service type.
our lodging revenue is comprised of revenue recognized under the merchant, agency and homeaway business models.
merchant hotel. we provide travelers access to book hotel room reservations through our contracts with lodging suppliers, which provide us with rates and availability information for rooms but for which we have no control over the rooms and do not bear inventory risk. our travelers pay us for merchant hotel transactions prior to departing on their trip, generally when they book the reservation. we record the payment in deferred merchant bookings until the stayed night occurs, at which point we recognize the revenue, net of amounts paid to suppliers, as this is when our performance obligation is satisfied. in certain nonrefundable, nonchangeable transactions where we have no significant post booking services (primarily opaque hotel f- 10
table of contents offerings), we record revenue when the traveler completes the transaction on our website, less a reserve for chargebacks and cancellations based on historical experience. payments to suppliers are generally due within 30
days of check-in or stay. in certain instances when a supplier invoices us for less than the cost we accrued, we generally reduce our merchant accounts payable and the supplier costs within net revenue six months in arrears, net of an allowance, when we determine it is not probable that we will be required to pay the supplier, based on historical experience. cancellation fees are collected and remitted to the supplier, if applicable.
agency hotel. we generally record agency revenue from the hotel when the stayed night occurs as we provide post booking services to the traveler and, thus consider the stay as when our performance obligation is satisfied. we record an allowance for cancellations on this revenue based on historical experience.
per-booking arrangements are commission-based where rental property owners and managers bear the inventory risk, have latitude in setting the price and compensate homeaway for facilitating bookings with travelers. under pay-per-
booking arrangements, each booking is a separate contract as listings are typically cancelable at any time and the related revenue, net of amounts paid to property owners, is recognized at check in, which is the point in time when our service to the traveler is complete. in pay-per-subscription contracts, property owners or managers purchase in advance online advertising services related to the listing of their properties for rent over a fixed term
(typically one year). as the performance obligation is the listing service and is provided to the property owner or manager over the life of the listing period, the pay-per-subscription revenue is recognized on a straight-line basis over the listing period. homeaway also charges a traveler service fee at the time of booking. the service fee charged to travelers provides compensation for homeaway's services, including but not limited to the use of homeaway's website and a "book with confidence guarantee" providing travelers with comprehensive payment protection and 24/7 traveler support. the performance obligation is to facilitate the booking of a property and assist travelers up to their check in process and, as such, the traveler service fee revenue is recognized at check-in.
revenue from other ancillary vacation rental services or products are recorded either upon delivery or when we provide the service.
merchant and agency air.
we record revenue on air transactions when the traveler books the transaction, as we do not provide significant post booking services to the traveler and payments due to and from air carriers are typically due at the time of ticketing. we record a reserve for chargebacks and cancellations at the time of the transaction based on historical experience. in certain transactions, the gds collects commissions from our suppliers and passes these commissions to us, net of their fees. therefore, we view payments through the gds as commissions from suppliers and record these commissions in net revenue. fees paid to the gds as compensation for their role in processing transactions are recorded as cost of revenue.
websites. we record revenue from click-through fees after the traveler makes the click-through to the related travel partners' websites. we record revenue for advertising placements ratably over the advertising period or upon delivery of advertising impressions, depending on the terms of the contract. payments from advertisers are generally due within 30 days of invoicing.
other primarily includes transaction revenue for booking services related to products such as car, cruise and destination services under the agency business model. we generally record the related revenue when the travel occurs, as in most cases we provide post booking services and this is when our performance obligation is complete.
additionally, no rights or obligations are triggered in our supplier agreements until the travel occurs. we record an allowance for cancellations on this revenue based on historical experience. in addition, other also includes travel insurance products primarily under the merchant model, for which revenue is recorded at the time the transaction is booked.
packages. packages assembled by travelers through the packaging functionality on our websites generally include a merchant hotel component and some combination of an air, car or destination services component. the individual package components are accounted for as separate performance obligations and recognized in accordance with our revenue recognition policies stated above.
deferred merchant bookings. we classify cash payments received in advance of our performance obligations as deferred merchant bookings. at january 1, 2018, $3.219 billion of cash advance cash payments was reported within deferred merchant bookings, $2.898 billion of which was recognized resulting in $421 million of revenue during the year ended december 31, 2018 . at december 31, 2018 , the related balance was $3.627 billion .
travelers enrolled in our internally administered traveler loyalty rewards programs earn points for each eligible booking made which can be redeemed for free or discounted future bookings. hotels.com rewards offers travelers one free night at any hotels.com partner property after that traveler stays 10 nights, subject to certain restrictions.
expedia rewards enables participating travelers to earn points on all hotel, flight, package and activities made on over 30 brand expedia websites. orbitz rewards allows travelers to earn orbuckssm, the currency of orbitz rewards, on flights, hotels and vacation packages and instantly redeem those orbucks on future bookings at various hotels worldwide. as travelers accumulate points towards free travel products, we defer the relative standalone selling price of earned points, net of expected breakage, as deferred loyalty f- 11
table of contents rewards within deferred merchant bookings on the consolidated balance sheet. in order to estimate the standalone selling price of the underlying services on which points can be redeemed for all loyalty programs, we use an adjusted market assessment approach and consider the redemption values expected from the traveler. we then estimate the number of rewards that will not be redeemed based on historical activity in our members' accounts as well as statistical modeling techniques. revenue is recognized when we have satisfied our performance obligation relating to the points, that is when the travel service purchased with the loyalty award is satisfied. the majority of rewards expected to be redeemed are recognized within one to two years of being earned. at january 1, 2018, $619
million of deferred loyalty rewards was reported within deferred merchant bookings, all of which was recognized as revenue during the year ended december 31, 2018 . at december 31, 2018 , the related balance was $700 million .
deferred revenue. deferred revenue primarily consists of homeaway's traveler service fees received on bookings where we are not merchant of record due to the use of a third party payment processor, unearned subscription revenue as well as deferred advertising revenue. at january 1, 2018, $326 million was recorded as deferred revenue,
$288 million of which was recognized as revenue during the year ended december 31, 2018 . at december 31, 2018 , the related balance was $364 million .
we do not disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for (i) contracts with an original expected length of one year or less and (ii) contracts for which we recognize revenue at the amount to which we have the right to invoice for services performed.
cash, restricted cash, and cash equivalents our cash and cash equivalents include cash and liquid financial instruments, including money market funds and time deposit investments, with maturities of three months or less when purchased. restricted cash includes cash and cash equivalents that is restricted through legal contracts, regulations or our intention to use the cash for a specific purpose. our restricted cash primarily relates to certain traveler deposits and to a lesser extent collateral for office leases. the following table reconciles cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash reported in our consolidated balance sheets to the total amount presented in our consolidated statements of cash flows:
the consolidated statement of cash flow short-term and long-term investments we determine the appropriate classification of our investments in marketable securities at the time of purchase and reevaluate such designation at each balance sheet date. investments with remaining maturities of less than one year are classified within short-term investments. all other investments are classified within long-term investments and other assets.
we record investments using the equity method when we have the ability to exercise significant influence over the investee. as of january 1, 2018, minority equity investments with readily determinable fair values, such as our investment in despegar.com corp ("despegar"), are carried at fair value with changes in fair value recorded through net income. minority investments without readily determinable fair values are measured using the equity method, or measured at cost with observable price changes reflected through net income. we perform a qualitative assessment on a quarterly basis and recognize an impairment if there are sufficient indicators that the fair value of the investment is less than carrying value. changes in value are recorded in other income (expense), net.
accounts receivable accounts receivable are generally due within thirty days and are recorded net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. we consider accounts outstanding longer than the contractual payment terms as past due. we determine our allowance by considering a number of factors, including the length of time trade accounts receivable are past due, previous loss history, a specific customer's ability to pay its obligations to us, and the condition of the general economy and industry as a whole.
table of contents property and equipment we record property and equipment at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization. we also capitalize certain costs incurred related to the development of internal use software. we capitalize costs incurred during the application development stage related to the development of internal use software. we expense costs incurred related to the planning and post-implementation phases of development as incurred.
we compute depreciation using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets, which is three to five years for computer equipment, capitalized software development and furniture and other equipment. we amortize leasehold improvement using the straight-line method, over the shorter of the estimated useful life of the improvement or the remaining term of the lease.
we establish assets and liabilities for the present value of estimated future costs to return certain of our leased facilities to their original condition under the authoritative accounting guidance for asset retirement obligations. such assets are depreciated over the lease period into operating expense, and the recorded liabilities are accreted to the future value of the estimated restoration costs.
we establish assets and liabilities for the estimated construction costs incurred under lease arrangements where we are considered the owner for accounting purposes, pursuant to build-to-suit lease guidance, to the extent that we are involved in the construction of structural improvements or take construction risk prior to commencement of a lease. upon occupancy of these facilities, we assess whether these arrangements qualify for sales recognition under the sale-leaseback accounting guidance. if we continue to be the deemed owner for accounting purposes, the facilities are accounted for as financing obligations. as a result of our involvement in the construction project for a new office space of our trivago subsidiary, we recorded that lease under build-to-suit guidance. during 2018, trivago moved into its new office space at which point it was determined not to have met the sales-leaseback guidance resulting in our accounting for the lease as a financing obligation.
business combinations we assign the value of the consideration transferred to acquire a business to the tangible assets and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed on the basis of their fair values at the date of acquisition.
any excess purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired is allocated to goodwill. when determining the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, management makes significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. critical estimates in valuing certain intangible assets include but are not limited to future expected cash flows from customer relationships and trade names, and discount rates. management's estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates. any changes to provisional amounts identified during the measurement period are recognized in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined.
recoverability of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets goodwill is assigned to reporting units that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the business combination as of the acquisition date. we assess goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, neither of which is amortized, for impairment annually as of october 1, or more frequently, if events and circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. in the evaluation of goodwill for impairment, we typically perform a quantitative assessment and compare the fair value of the reporting unit to the carrying value. an impairment charge is recorded based on the excess of the reporting unit's carrying amount over its fair value. periodically, we may choose to perform a qualitative assessment, prior to performing the quantitative analysis, to determine whether the fair value of the goodwill is more likely than not impaired.
we generally base our measurement of fair value of reporting units on a blended analysis of the present value of future discounted cash flows and market valuation approach with the exception of our standalone publicly traded subsidiary, which is based on market valuation. the discounted cash flows model indicates the fair value of the reporting units based on the present value of the cash flows that we expect the reporting units to generate in the future. our significant estimates in the discounted cash flows model include: our weighted average cost of capital;
long-term rate of growth and profitability of our business; and working capital effects. the market valuation approach indicates the fair value of the business based on a comparison of the company to comparable publicly traded firms in similar lines of business. our significant estimates in the market approach model include identifying similar companies with comparable business factors such as size, growth, profitability, risk and return on investment and assessing comparable revenue and operating income multiples in estimating the fair value of the reporting units.
we believe the weighted use of discounted cash flows and market approach is the best method for determining the fair value of our reporting units because these are the most common valuation methodologies used within the travel and internet industries; and the blended use of both models compensates for the inherent risks associated with either model if used on a stand-alone basis.
table of contents in addition to measuring the fair value of our reporting units as described above, we consider the combined carrying and fair values of our reporting units in relation to the company's total fair value of equity plus debt as of the assessment date. our equity value assumes our fully diluted market capitalization, using either the stock price on the valuation date or the average stock price over a range of dates around the valuation date, plus an estimated acquisition premium which is based on observable transactions of comparable companies. the debt value is based on the highest value expected to be paid to repurchase the debt, which can be fair value, principal or principal plus a premium depending on the terms of each debt instrument.
in our evaluation of our indefinite-lived intangible assets, we typically first perform a quantitative assessment and an impairment charge is recorded for the excess of the carrying value of indefinite-lived intangible assets over their fair value, if necessary. we base our measurement of fair value of indefinite-lived intangible assets, which primarily consist of trade name and trademarks, using the relief-from-royalty method. this method assumes that the trade name and trademarks have value to the extent that their owner is relieved of the obligation to pay royalties for the benefits received from them. as with goodwill, periodically, we may choose to perform a qualitative assessment, prior to performing the quantitative analysis, to determine whether the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset is more likely than not impaired.
recoverability of intangible assets with definite lives and other long-lived assets intangible assets with definite lives and other long-lived assets are carried at cost and are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of one to twelve years . we review the carrying value of long-lived assets or asset groups, including property and equipment, to be used in operations whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets might not be recoverable. factors that would necessitate an impairment assessment include a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used, a significant adverse change in legal factors or the business climate that could affect the value of the asset, or a significant decline in the observable market value of an asset, among others. if such facts indicate a potential impairment, we would assess the recoverability of an asset group by determining if the carrying value of the asset group exceeds the sum of the projected undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the assets over the remaining economic life of the primary asset in the asset group. if the recoverability test indicates that the carrying value of the asset group is not recoverable, we will estimate the fair value of the asset group using appropriate valuation methodologies which would typically include an estimate of discounted cash flows. any impairment would be measured as the difference between the asset groups carrying amount and its estimated fair value.
assets held for sale, to the extent we have any, are reported at the lower of cost or fair value less costs to sell.
redeemable non-controlling interests we have non-controlling interests in majority owned entities, which were carried at fair value as the non-
controlling interests contained certain rights, whereby we could acquire and the minority shareholders could sell to us the additional shares of the company. if the redeemable non-controlling interest is redeemable at an amount other than fair value, we adjust the non-controlling interest to redemption value through earnings each period. in circumstances where the non-controlling interest is redeemable at fair value, which included trivago prior to its ipo in december 2016, changes in fair value of the shares for which the minority holders could sell to us were recorded to the non-controlling interest and as charges or credits to retained earnings (or additional paid-in capital in the absence of retained earnings). fair value determinations required high levels of judgment ("level 3"
on the fair value hierarchy) and were based on various valuation techniques, including market comparables and discounted cash flow projections.
income taxes we record income taxes under the liability method. deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect our estimation of the future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for book and tax purposes. we determine deferred income taxes based on the differences in accounting methods and timing between financial statement and income tax reporting. accordingly, we determine the deferred tax asset or liability for each temporary difference based on the enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when we realize the underlying items of income and expense. the tax cuts and jobs act ("the tax act") enacted in december 2017 reduced the u.s. corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%, effective january 1, 2018. see note 10 - income taxes for further information on the tax impacts of the tax act.
table of contents we consider many factors when assessing the likelihood of future realization of our deferred tax assets, including our recent earnings experience by jurisdiction, expectations of future taxable income, and the carryforward periods available to us for tax reporting purposes, as well as other relevant factors. we may establish a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount we believe is more likely than not to be realized. due to inherent complexities arising from the nature of our businesses, future changes in income tax law, tax sharing agreements or variances between our actual and anticipated operating results, we make certain judgments and estimates. therefore, actual income taxes could materially vary from these estimates. all deferred income taxes are classified as long-term on our consolidated balance sheets.
we account for uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process of evaluating recognition and measurement criteria. the first step assesses whether the tax position is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the tax authority, including resolution of any appeals or litigation, based on the technical merits of the position. if the tax position meets the more likely than not criteria, the portion of the tax benefit greater than
50% likely to be realized upon settlement with the tax authority is recognized in the financial statements.
we recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the income tax expense line in our consolidated statement of operations. accrued interest and penalties are included in other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet.
in relation to tax effects for accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ("oci"), our policy is to release the tax effects of amounts reclassified from accumulated oci to pre-tax income (loss) from continuing operations. any remaining tax effect in accumulated oci is released following a portfolio approach.
derivative instruments derivative instruments are carried at fair value on our consolidated balance sheets. the fair values of the derivative financial instruments generally represent the estimated amounts we would expect to receive or pay upon termination of the contracts as of the reporting date.
at december 31, 2018 and 2017 , our derivative instruments primarily consisted of foreign currency forward contracts. we use foreign currency forward contracts to economically hedge certain merchant revenue exposures, foreign denominated liabilities related to certain of our loyalty programs and our other foreign currency-
denominated operating liabilities. our goal in managing our foreign exchange risk is to reduce, to the extent practicable, our potential exposure to the changes that exchange rates might have on our earnings, cash flows and financial position. our foreign currency forward contracts are typically short-term and, as they do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment, we classify the changes in their fair value in other, net. we do not hold or issue financial instruments for speculative or trading purposes.
in june 2015, we issued euro 650 million of registered senior unsecured notes that are due in june 2022 and bear interest at 2.5% (the " 2.5% notes"). the aggregate principal value of the 2.5% notes is designated as a hedge of our net investment in certain euro functional currency subsidiaries. the notes are measured at euro to u.s. dollar exchange rates at each balance sheet date and transaction gains or losses due to changes in rates are recorded in accumulated oci. the euro-denominated net assets of these subsidiaries are translated into u.s. dollars at each balance sheet date, with effects of foreign currency changes also reported in accumulated oci. since the notional amount of the recorded euro-denominated debt is less than the notional amount of our net investment, we do not expect to incur any ineffectiveness on this hedge.
foreign currency translation and transaction gains and losses certain of our operations outside of the united states use the related local currency as their functional currency.
we translate revenue and expense at average rates of exchange during the period. we translate assets and liabilities at the rates of exchange as of the consolidated balance sheet dates and include foreign currency translation gains and losses as a component of accumulated oci. due to the nature of our operations and our corporate structure, we also have subsidiaries that have significant transactions in foreign currencies other than their functional currency. we record transaction gains and losses in our consolidated statements of operations related to the recurring remeasurement and settlement of such transactions.
to the extent practicable, we attempt to minimize this exposure by maintaining natural hedges between our current assets and current liabilities of similarly denominated foreign currencies. additionally, as discussed above, we use foreign currency forward contracts to economically hedge certain merchant revenue exposures and in lieu of holding certain foreign currency cash for the purpose of economically hedging our foreign currency-denominated operating liabilities.
table of contents debt issuance costs we defer costs we incur to issue debt, which are presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the related debt liability, and amortize these costs to interest expense over the term of the debt or, in circumstances where the debt can be redeemed at the option of the holders, over the term of the redemption option.
marketing promotions we periodically provide incentive offers to our customers to encourage booking of travel products and services.
generally, our incentive offers are as follows:
current discount offers. these promotions include dollar or percent off discounts to be applied against current purchases. we record the discounts as reduction in revenue at the date we record the corresponding revenue transaction.
inducement offers. these promotions include discounts granted at the time of a current purchase to be applied against a future qualifying purchase. we treat inducement offers as a reduction to revenue based on estimated future redemption rates. we allocate the discount amount at the time of the offer between the current performance obligation and the potential future performance obligations based on our expected relative value of the transactions. we estimate our redemption rates using our historical experience for similar inducement offers.
concession offers. these promotions include discounts to be applied against a future purchase to maintain customer satisfaction. upon issuance, we record these concession offers as a reduction to revenue based on estimated future redemption rates. we estimate our redemption rates using our historical experience for concession offers.
stock-based compensation we measure and amortize the fair value of stock options and restricted stock units ("rsus") as follows:
stock options. our employee stock options consist of service based awards, some of which also have market-based vesting conditions. we measure the value of stock options issued or modified, including unvested options assumed in acquisitions, on the grant date (or modification or acquisition dates, if applicable) at fair value, using appropriate valuation techniques, including the black-scholes and monte carlo option pricing models, for awards that contain market-based vesting conditions. the black-scholes valuation models incorporate various assumptions including expected volatility, expected term and risk-free interest rates. the expected volatility is based on historical volatility of our common stock and other relevant factors. we base our expected term assumptions on our historical experience and on the terms and conditions of the stock awards granted to employees. we amortize the fair value, net of actual forfeitures, over the remaining explicit vesting term in the case of service-based awards and the longer of the derived service period or the explicit service period for awards with market conditions on a straight-line basis. in addition, we classify certain employee option awards as liabilities when we deem it not probable that the employees holding the awards will bear the risk and rewards of stock ownership for a reasonable period of time. such options are revalued at the end of each reporting period and upon settlement our total compensation expense recorded from grant date to settlement date will equal the settlement amount. the majority of our stock options vest over four years .
restricted stock units. rsus are stock awards that are granted to employees entitling the holder to shares of common stock as the award vests, typically over a three or four -year period. we measure the value of rsus at fair value based on the number of shares granted and the quoted price of our common stock at the date of grant. we amortize the fair value, net of actual forfeitures, as stock-based compensation expense over the vesting term on a straight-line basis. we record rsus that may be settled by the holder in cash, rather than shares, as a liability and we remeasure these instruments at fair value at the end of each reporting period. upon settlement of these awards, our total compensation expense recorded over the vesting period of the awards will equal the settlement amount, which is based on our stock price on the settlement date. performance-based rsus vest upon achievement of certain company-based performance conditions and expense is recognized when it is probably the performance condition will be achieved.
estimates of fair value are not intended to predict actual future events or the value ultimately realized by employees who receive these awards, and subsequent events are not indicative of the reasonableness of our original estimates of fair value.
table of contents earnings per share we compute basic earnings per share by taking net income attributable to expedia group, inc. available to common stockholders divided by the weighted average number of common and class b common shares outstanding during the period excluding restricted stock and stock held in escrow. diluted earnings per share include the potential dilution that could occur from stock-based awards and other stock-based commitments using the treasury stock or the as if converted methods, as applicable. for additional information on how we compute earnings per share, see note
fair value recognition, measurement and disclosure the carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents reported on our consolidated balance sheets approximate fair value as we maintain them with various high-quality financial institutions. the accounts receivable are short-term in nature and are generally settled shortly after the sale.
we disclose the fair value of our financial instruments based on the fair value hierarchy using the following three categories:
level 1 - valuations based on quoted prices for identical assets and liabilities in active markets.
level 2 - valuations based on observable inputs other than quoted prices included in level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that are not active, or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data.
level 3 - valuations based on unobservable inputs reflecting the company's own assumptions, consistent with reasonably available assumptions made by other market participants. these valuations require significant judgment.
certain risks and concentrations our business is subject to certain risks and concentrations including dependence on relationships with travel suppliers, primarily airlines and hotels, dependence on third-party technology providers, exposure to risks associated with online commerce security and payment related fraud. we also rely on global distribution system partners and third-party service providers for certain fulfillment services
financial instruments, which potentially subject us to concentration of credit risk, consist primarily of cash and cash equivalents and corporate debt securities. we maintain some cash and cash equivalents balances with financial institutions that are in excess of federal deposit insurance corporation insurance limits. our cash and cash equivalents are primarily composed of time deposits as well as bank (both interest and non-interest bearing)
contingent liabilities we have a number of regulatory and legal matters outstanding, as discussed further in note 16 - commitments and contingencies . periodically, we review the status of all significant outstanding matters to assess the potential financial exposure. when (i) it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and
(ii) the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated, we record the estimated loss in our consolidated statements of operations. we provide disclosure in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for loss contingencies that do not meet both of these conditions if there is a reasonable possibility that a loss may have been incurred that would be material to the financial statements. significant judgment is required to determine the probability that a liability has been incurred and whether such liability is reasonably estimable. we base accruals made on the best information available at the time which can be highly subjective. the final outcome of these matters could vary significantly from the amounts included in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
occupancy and other taxes some states and localities impose taxes (e.g. transient occupancy, accommodation tax, sales tax, and/or business privilege tax) on the use or occupancy of hotel accommodations or other traveler services. generally, hotels collect taxes based on the room rate paid to the hotel and remit these taxes to the various tax authorities. when a customer books a room through one of our travel services, we collect a tax recovery charge from the customer which we pay to the hotel. we calculate the tax recovery charge by applying the applicable tax rate supplied to us by the hotels to the amount that the hotel has agreed to receive for the rental of the room by the consumer. in all but a limited number of jurisdictions, we do not collect or remit taxes, nor do we pay taxes to the hotel operator on the portion of the customer payment we retain. some jurisdictions have questioned our practice in this regard. while the applicable tax provisions vary among the jurisdictions, we generally believe that we are not required to collect and remit such taxes. more recently, a limited number of taxing jurisdictions have made similar claims against f- 17
table of contents homeaway for tax amounts due on the rental amounts charged by owners of vacation rental properties or for taxes on homeaway's services. homeaway is an intermediary between a traveler and a party renting a vacation property and we believe is similarly not liable for such taxes. we are engaged in discussions with tax authorities in various jurisdictions to resolve these issues. some tax authorities have brought lawsuits or have levied assessments asserting that we are required to collect and remit tax. the ultimate resolution in all jurisdictions cannot be determined at this time. we have established a reserve for the potential settlement of issues related to hotel taxes when determined to be probable and estimable. see note 16 - commitments and contingencies for further discussion.
recently adopted accounting policies revenue from contracts with customers. as of january 1, 2018, we adopted the accounting standards updates ("asu")
amending revenue recognition guidance using the modified retrospective method for all contracts reflecting the aggregate effect of modifications prior to the date of adoption. results for reporting periods beginning after january 1, 2018 are presented under the new guidance, while prior period amounts were not adjusted and continue to be reported under the accounting standards in effect for those periods.
the new guidance impacted our loyalty program accounting as we are no longer permitted to use the incremental cost method when recording the financial impact of rewards earned in conjunction with our traveler loyalty programs.
instead, we re-value our liability using a relative fair value approach and now record our loyalty liability as a component of deferred merchant bookings. additionally, due to the new definition of variable consideration, we are required to estimate and record certain variable payments, primarily volume commissions, earlier than previously recorded. both modifications resulted in cumulative-effect adjustments to opening retained earnings, with an insignificant change to revenue on a go-forward basis. the new guidance also results in insignificant changes in the timing and classification of certain other revenue streams, including the reclassification of air distribution fees from net revenue to cost of revenue. for a comprehensive discussion of our updated revenue recognition policy, refer to the significant accounting policies-revenue recognition disclosure above.
upon adoption, we recognized a cumulative effect of applying the new revenue guidance as a reduction to the opening balance of retained earnings of $11 million ( $8 million net of tax) comprised of changes in the accounting for our loyalty program of $49 million ( $38 million net of tax) as well as other immaterial adjustments of $2 million ( $1
million net of tax), partially offset by the impact of estimating variable consideration of $40 million ( $31
million net of tax). the impact of the new guidance to our consolidated financial statements was not meaningful as of december 31, 2018 and for the year ended december 31, 2018.
the cumulative effect of the revenue accounting changes made to our consolidated balance sheet as of january 1,
balance at                                 balance at december 31, 2017       adjustments          january 1, 2018
recognition and measurement of financial instruments. as of january 1, 2018, we adopted the new guidance related to accounting for equity investments and financial liabilities under the fair value option. the most significant impact to the company of this new guidance was with respect to the requirement that minority equity investments with readily determinable fair values, such as our investment in despegar.com, corp ("despegar"), must be carried at fair value with changes in fair value recorded through net income. previously, such investment was designated as available for sale and was recorded at fair value with changes in fair value recorded through other comprehensive income (loss). in addition, we elected to prospectively account for minority investments without readily determinable fair values at cost, with observable price changes reflected f- 18
table of contents through net income. upon adoption, we reclassified $7 million related to the unrealized loss, net of tax, of despegar from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ("aoci") with a corresponding decrease to retained earnings.
statement of cash flows. as of january 1, 2018, we adopted the new guidance related to the statement of cash flows, which clarified how companies present and classify certain cash receipts and cash payments as well as amended previous guidance to address the classification and presentation of changes in restricted cash in the statement of cash flows. upon adoption, we retrospectively adjusted the prior periods presented in our consolidated statement of cash flows, which resulted in a slight working capital benefit in prepaid expenses and other assets within operating activities for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016.
intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory. as of january 1, 2018, we adopted the new guidance amending the accounting for income taxes associated with intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory. this new guidance requires an entity to recognize the income tax consequences of an intra-entity transfer of an asset other than inventory when the transfer occurs rather than our historical practice to defer and amortize the tax consequences over a specified period of time. as a result of the adoption, we reduced retained earnings by approximately $26 million , reduced long-term investments and other assets by approximately $31 million and increased deferred tax assets by approximately $5 million related to the unrecognized income tax effects of asset transfers that occurred prior to adoption.
reclassification of certain tax effects from accumulated other comprehensive income. in february 2018, the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued new guidance that allows an entity to elect to reclassify
"stranded" tax effects in aoci to retained earnings to address concerns related to accounting for certain provisions of the tax act enacted in december 2017. the guidance is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted.
we elected to early adopt the new guidance during the first quarter of 2018, which resulted in the reclassification of the income tax effect of the tax act from accumulated oci to retained earnings in order to reflect the tax effects of items within accumulated oci at the appropriate tax rate. as a result, we reclassified approximately $10
million as an increase in retained earnings and a reduction to accumulated oci as of january 1, 2018.
definition of a business. as of january 1, 2018, we prospectively adopted the asu clarifying the definition of a business for determining whether transactions should be accounted for as acquisitions (or disposals) of assets or businesses. upon adoption, the standard impacts how we assess future acquisitions (or disposals) of assets or businesses. the adoption of this new guidance did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements for 2018.
non-employee share-based payment arrangements. in june 2018, the fasb issued new guidance related to accounting for share-based payments with non-employees. the updated guidance substantially aligns the accounting requirements of share-based payment awards to non-employees with those of employees. the guidance is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2018, with early adoption permitted.
we elected to early adopt the new guidance in the second quarter of 2018, which requires us to reflect any adjustments as of january 1, 2018, the beginning of the annual period that includes the interim period of adoption.
the primary impact of adoption was the change in the measurement objective and the associated measurement date for all non-employee share-based payment awards to the grant-date fair value. prior to adoption, non-employee awards were measured at the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instruments issued, whichever could be more reliably measured. additionally, the measurement date was previously determined by the earlier of the date at which either (1) a commitment for performance by the non-employee to earn the equity instruments was reached or (2) the non-employee's performance was complete. typically, the measurement date was delayed until performance was complete, which led to the non-employee awards being remeasured or "marked to market"
each reporting period until they were vested. the adoption of this new guidance did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements for 2018 and resulted in no changes to previously reported first quarter of
recent accounting policies not yet adopted leases. in february 2016, the fasb issued new guidance related to accounting and reporting guidelines for leasing arrangements. the new guidance requires entities that lease assets to recognize assets and liabilities on the balance sheet related to the rights and obligations created by those leases regardless of whether they are classified as finance or operating leases. consistent with current guidance, the recognition, measurement, and presentation of expenses and cash flows arising from a lease primarily will depend on its classification as a finance or operating lease. the guidance also requires new disclosures to help financial statement users better understand the amount, timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. this guidance is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2018. we will adopt this guidance on january 1,
2019 and will elect certain available practical expedients under the transition guidance, including the transition package expedients but excluding the hindsight practical expedient. additionally, we have elected the optional transition method that allows for a cumulative-effect adjustment in the period of adoption and will not restate prior periods. based on our f- 19
table of contents lease portfolio as of december 31, 2018, upon adoption we anticipate recording on our consolidated balance sheet right-of-use assets of approximately $570 million (representing right-of use asset of approximately $620 million net of approximately $50 million of existing lease incentives and deferred rent) as well as operating lease liabilities of approximately $620 million with no material impact to our consolidated statements of operations or cash flows. additionally, we will remove the assets and liabilities previously recorded pursuant to build-to-suit lease guidance resulting in an expected increase to retained earnings of less than $10 million .
hedge accounting. in august 2017, the fasb amended the existing accounting guidance for hedge accounting. the amendments require expanded hedge accounting for both non-financial and financial risk components and refine the measurement of hedge results to better reflect an entity's hedging strategies. the new guidance also amends the presentation and disclosure requirements on a prospective basis as well as changes how entities assess hedge effectiveness. the new guidance is effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after december 15, 2018 with early adoption permitted. the new guidance must be adopted using a modified retrospective transition with a cumulative effect adjustment recorded to opening retained earnings as of the initial adoption date. the adoption of this new guidance is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
measurement of credit losses on financial instruments. in june 2016, the fasb issued new guidance on the measurement of credit losses for financial assets measured at amortized cost, which includes accounts receivable, and available-for-sale debt securities. the new guidance replaces the existing incurred loss impairment model with an expected loss methodology, which will result in more timely recognition of credit losses. this update is effective for annual periods beginning after december 15, 2019, including interim periods within those annual periods. early adoption is permitted for annual periods beginning after december 15, 2018, including interim periods within those annual periods. we are in the process of evaluating the impact of adopting this new guidance on our consolidated financial statements.
cloud computing arrangements. in august 2018, the fasb issued new guidance on the accounting for implementation costs incurred for a cloud computing arrangement that is a service contract. the update conforms the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a cloud computing arrangement that is a service contract with the accounting guidance that provides for capitalization of costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use-software.
the new guidance is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2019, with early adoption permitted. we are in the process of evaluating the impact of adopting this new guidance on our consolidated financial statements.
fair value measurements. in august 2018, the fasb issued new guidance related to the disclosure requirements on fair value measurements, which removes, modifies or adds certain disclosures. the guidance is effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2019, with early adoption permitted. we are in the process of evaluating the impact of adopting this new guidance on our consolidated financial statements disclosures.
2018 acquisition and other investment activity during 2018, we completed two business combinations. the following summarizes the preliminary aggregate purchase price allocation for these acquisitions, in millions:
(1)  acquired intangible assets with definite lives have a weighted average useful life of2.9 years.
(2)  includes cash acquired of$1 million.
the goodwill recorded for the business combinations is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. the purchase price allocations were based on preliminary valuations of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed and are subject to revision. the results of operations were immaterial from the transaction close dates through december
31, 2018. pro forma results have not been presented as such pro forma financial information would not be materially different from historical results.
other investments. in december 2018, we made an additional investment of $70 million in traveloka holding limited
("traveloka"), a southeast asian online travel company, for which we made an initial investment during 2017. the initial investment in july 2017 of $350 million expanded our partnership to include deeper cooperation on hotel supply between our two companies. the majority of our investments are accounted for as a minority equity investment and included within long-term investment and other assets on the consolidated balance sheets with a small portion of the initial investment allocated to intangible assets.
2017 acquisition activity during 2017, we completed several business combinations, one of which we made an initial investment in during 2015.
the following summarizes the aggregate purchase price allocation for these acquisitions, in millions:
(1)  acquired intangible assets with definite lives have a weighted average useful life of3.8 years.
(2)  includes cash and restricted cash acquired of$6 million.
the total purchase price includes noncash consideration of$10 millionrelated to the removal of a minority
(3)  investment upon our acquisition of a controlling interest as well as$8 millionrelated to replacement stock awards attributable to pre-acquisition service, with the remainder paid in cash during the period.
the redeemable non-controlling interest in one of our acquisitions is redeemable at an amount other than fair value requiring that each period we adjust the non-controlling interest to redemption value through earnings. in addition, another of our acquisitions made during the period includes redeemable non-controlling interests, which are redeemable at fair value requiring that each period we adjust the changes in the fair value of the non-
controlling interest through retained earnings (or additional paid-in capital if there is no retained earnings).
fair value determinations are based on various valuation techniques, including market comparables and discounted cash flow projections.
of the goodwill recorded for the business combinations, $12 million is expected to be deductible for tax purposes with the remainder not expected to be deductible. the results of operations were immaterial from the transaction close dates through december 31, 2017. pro forma results have not been presented as such pro forma financial information would not be materially different from historical results.
2016 acquisition and other investment activity we had nominal acquisition activity during the year ended december 31, 2016.
note 4 - fair value measurements financial assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of december 31, 2018 are classified using the fair value hierarchy in the table below:
money market funds                  $             35    $       35    $        -
marketable equity securities                     119           119             -
table of contents financial assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of december 31, 2017 are classified using the fair value hierarchy in the table below:
money market funds                  $             16    $       16    $        -
marketable equity securities                     264           264             -
we classify our cash equivalents and investments within level 1 and level 2 as we value our cash equivalents and investments using quoted market prices or alternative pricing sources and models utilizing market observable inputs. valuation of the foreign currency forward contracts is based on foreign currency exchange rates in active markets, a level 2 input.
as of december 31, 2018 and 2017 , our cash and cash equivalents consisted primarily of prime institutional money market funds with maturities of three months or less, time deposits as well as bank account balances.
we also hold time deposit investments with financial institutions. time deposits with original maturities of less than three months are classified as cash equivalents and those with remaining maturities of less than one year are classified within short-term investments.
our marketable equity securities consist of our investment in despegar, a publicly traded company, which is included in long-term investments and other assets in our consolidated balance sheets. during the year ended december 31, 2018 , we recognized a loss of approximately $145 million within other, net in our consolidated statements of operations related to the fair value changes of this equity investment. as of december 31, 2017 , prior to our adoption of the new guidance for recognition and measurement of financial instruments, the cost basis was $273 million and related gross unrealized loss was $9 million .
we use foreign currency forward contracts to economically hedge certain merchant revenue exposures, foreign denominated liabilities related to certain of our loyalty programs and our other foreign currency-denominated operating liabilities. as of december 31, 2018 , we were party to outstanding forward contracts hedging our liability exposures with a total net notional value of $2.8 billion . as of december 31, 2018 and 2017 , we had a net forward assets of $22 million and $6 million , which were recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets. we recorded $47 million , $17 million and $(66) million in net gains (losses) from foreign currency forward contracts in 2018 , 2017 and 2016 .
assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis our non-financial assets, such as goodwill, intangible assets and property and equipment, as well as equity method investments, are adjusted to fair value only when an impairment charge is recognized or the underlying investment is sold. such fair value measurements are based predominately on level 3 inputs. as of january 1, 2018, we measure our minority equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values at cost less impairment, adjusted by observable price changes with changes recorded within other, net on our consolidated statements of operations.
goodwill. during 2018, we recognized goodwill impairment charges of $86 million related to our core ota segment, of which $61 million was recorded during the second quarter of 2018 and $25 million was recorded during the fourth quarter of 2018 as a result of our annual evaluation of impairment of goodwill and intangible assets on october 1,
2018. these impairment charges resulted from sustained under-performance and a less optimistic outlook related to one of our reporting units during the second quarter of 2018 and further deterioration of performance in the fourth quarter of 2018. as a result the under-performance early in the year, we concluded that sufficient indicators existed to require us to perform an interim quantitative assessment of goodwill for that reporting unit as of june
30, 2018 in which we compared the fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying value. the fair value estimates for both the interim and annual impairment tests were based on a blended analysis of the present value of future discounted cash flows and market value approach, level 3 inputs. the significant estimates used in the discounted cash flows model included our weighted average cost of capital, projected cash flows and the long-term rate of growth. our assumptions were based on the actual historical performance of the reporting unit f- 22
table of contents and took into account a recent and continued weakening of operating results and implied risk premiums based on market prices of our equity and debt as of the assessment dates. our significant estimates in the market approach model included identifying similar companies with comparable business factors such as size, growth, profitability, risk and return on investment and assessing comparable revenue and earnings multiples in estimating the fair value of the reporting unit. the excess of the reporting unit's carrying value over our estimate of the fair value was recorded as the goodwill impairment charge in the respective periods. as of december 31, 2018, the applicable reporting unit had no remaining goodwill.
intangible assets. during 2018, we recognized an intangible impairment charge of $42 million in conjunction with the annual impairment testing of goodwill and intangible assets on october 1, 2018. the impairment charge was related to an indefinite-lived trade name within our core ota segment and resulted from changes in estimated future revenues of the related brand. the asset, classified as level 3 measurement, was written down to $27 million based on valuation using the relief-from-royalty method, which includes unobservable inputs, including royalty rates and projected revenues. in conjunction with the impairment, we reclassified the remainder to a definite-lived asset to be amortized over eight years.
during 2016, we recognized intangible impairment charges of $35 million , of which $2 million was recorded during the third quarter of 2016 and $33 million was recorded in conjunction with the annual impairment testing of goodwill and intangible assets on october 1, 2016. these impairment charges were related to indefinite-lived trade names within our core ota segment and resulted from changes in estimated future revenues of the related brands. the assets, classified as level 3 measurements, were written down to $76 million based on a valuation using the relief-
minority investments without readily determinable fair values. as of december 31, 2018 and 2017 , the carrying values of our minority investments without readily determinable fair values totaled $476 million and $371 million .
during 2018, we recorded $33 million of gains related to these minority investments, which had recent observable and orderly transactions for similar investments, using an option pricing model that utilizes judgmental inputs such as discounts for lack of marketability and estimated exit event timing. during 2017, we recorded $14 million in net losses related to certain minority equity investments, which included $6 million in other-than-temporary impairments as well as a loss recognized on the liquidation of an investment of $9 million . as a result of these
2017 impairments and subsequent liquidation, we have no remaining fair value related to these minority equity investments. in addition, during 2016, we recognized other-than-temporary investment impairments of $12 million related to minority equity investments, the remaining fair value of which was less than $1 million as of december
note 5 - property and equipment, net our property and equipment consists of the following:
capitalized software development      $          2,643       $   2,111
as of december 31, 2018 and 2017 , our recorded capitalized software development costs, net of accumulated amortization, which have been placed in service were $829 million and $735 million . for the years ended december
31, 2018 , 2017 and 2016 , we recorded amortization of capitalized software development costs of $479 million ,
$398 million and $300 million , most of which is included in technology and content expenses.
as of december 31, 2018, property and equipment, net included build-to-suit assets of $152 million primarily within buildings and leasehold improvements and $111 million as of december 31, 2017 within projects in progress. during the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, we capitalized $44 million , $66 million and $38 million of non-
table of contents during 2015, we acquired our future corporate headquarters for $229 million , consisting of multiple office and lab buildings located in seattle, washington. we have subsequently spent approximately $30 million in 2016, approximately $70 million in 2017 and approximately $190 million in 2018 relating to the build out of our headquarters. the acquired building assets and related expenditures are included in projects in process and will begin depreciating when the costs incurred related to the build out of the headquarters are complete and the building assets are ready for their intended use, which we estimate to start at the end of 2019.
as of december 31, 2018, 2017 and 2016, we had $55 million , $22 million and $30 million , respectively, included in accounts payable for the acquisition of property and equipment, which is considered a non-cash investing activity in the consolidated statements of cash flows.
note 6 - goodwill and intangible assets, net the following table presents our goodwill and intangible assets as of december 31, 2018 and 2017 :
impairment assessments. we perform our annual assessment of possible impairment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets as of october 1, or more frequently if events and circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. as of october 1, 2018, we incurred impairment charges related to intangible assets with indefinite-lives of $42 million and goodwill of $25 million both within our core ota segment. in addition, during the second quarter of 2018, we incurred goodwill impairment charge of $61 million within our core ota segment. in 2017, we had no impairments of goodwill or intangible assets with indefinite-lives.
goodwill. the following table presents the changes in goodwill by reportable segment:
balance as of january    $          4,703       $      516       $     2,591       $      132       $  7,942
foreign exchange                       13               72                65               13            163
translation and other balance as of december              4,840              588             2,656              145          8,229
impairment charge                     (86  )             -                 -                -            (86  )
foreign exchange                      (13  )           (27  )             (5  )            (9  )         (54  )
translation and other balance as of december   $          4,741       $      561       $     2,682       $      136       $  8,120
any immaterial change in goodwill amounts resulting from purchase accounting adjustments are presented as "foreign exchange translation and other" in the above table. in 2018 and 2017, the additions to goodwill relate to our acquisitions as described in note 3 - acquisitions and other investments .
as of december 31, 2018 and 2017 , accumulated goodwill impairment losses in total were $2.6 billion and $2.5
table of contents intangible assets with definite lives. the following table presents the components of our intangible assets with definite lives as of december 31, 2018 and 2017 :
-in millions customer     $           659    $  (419          )    $  240    $           665    $  (304          )    $  361
and 2016 . the estimated future amortization expense related to intangible assets with definite lives as of december 31, 2018 , assuming no subsequent impairment of the underlying assets, is as follows, in millions:
current maturities of long-term debt                 -        (500  )
(1)  net of discounts and debt issuance costs.
current maturities of long-term debt in august 2018, our $500 million in registered senior unsecured notes that bore interest at 7.456% (the " 7.456%
long-term debt our $750 million in registered senior unsecured notes outstanding at december 31, 2018 are due in august 2020 and bear interest at 5.95% (the " 5.95% notes"). the 5.95% notes were issued at 99.893% of par resulting in a discount, which is being amortized over their life. interest is payable semi-annually in february and august of each year. we may redeem the 5.95% notes at a redemption price of 100% of the principal plus accrued interest, plus a "make-
table of contents our euro 650 million of registered senior unsecured notes outstanding at december 31, 2018 are due in june 2022 and bear interest at 2.5% (the " 2.5% notes"). the 2.5% notes were issued at 99.525% of par resulting in a discount, which is being amortized over their life. interest is payable annually in arrears in june of each year. we may redeem the 2.5% notes at our option, at whole or in part, at any time or from time to time. if we elect to redeem the 2.5% notes prior to march 3, 2022, we may redeem them at a specified "make-whole" premium. if we elect to redeem the 2.5% notes on or after march 3, 2022, we may redeem them at a redemption price of 100% of the principal plus accrued and unpaid interest. subject to certain limited exceptions, all payments of interest and principal for the 2.5% notes will be made in euros.
our $500 million in registered senior unsecured notes outstanding at december 31, 2018 are due in august 2024 and bear interest at 4.5% (the " 4.5% notes"). the 4.5% notes were issued at 99.444% of par resulting in a discount, which is being amortized over their life. interest is payable semi-annually in february and august of each year. we may redeem the 4.5% notes at our option at any time in whole or from time to time in part. if we elect to redeem the 4.5% notes prior to may 15, 2024, we may redeem them at a redemption price of 100% of the principal plus accrued interest, plus a "make-whole" premium. if we elect to redeem the 4.5% notes on or after may 15, 2024, we may redeem them at a redemption price of 100% of the principal plus accrued interest.
our $750 million in registered senior unsecured notes outstanding at december 31, 2018 are due in february 2026 and bear interest at 5.0% (the " 5.0% notes"). the 5.0% notes were issued at 99.535% of par resulting in a discount, which is being amortized over their life. interest is payable semi-annually in arrears in february and august of each year. we may redeem the 5.0% notes at our option at any time in whole or from time to time in part. if we elect to redeem the 5.0% notes prior to november 12, 2025, we may redeem them at a redemption price of 100% of the principal plus accrued interest, plus a "make-whole" premium. if we elect to redeem the 5.0% notes on or after november 12, 2025, we may redeem them at a redemption price of 100% of the principal plus accrued interest.
our $1 billion in registered senior unsecured notes outstanding at december 31, 2018 are due in february 2028 and bear interest at 3.8% (the " 3.8% notes"). the 3.8% notes were issued at 99.747% of par resulting in a discount, which is being amortized over their life. interest is payable semi-annually in arrears in february and august of each year. we may redeem the 3.8% notes at our option at any time in whole or from time to time in part. if we elect to redeem the 3.8% notes prior to november 15, 2027 , we may redeem them at a redemption price of 100% of the principal plus accrued interest, plus a "make-whole" premium. if we elect to redeem the 3.8% notes on or after november 15, 2027 , we may redeem them at a redemption price of 100% of the principal plus accrued interest.
the 5.95% , 2.5% 4.5% , 5.0% and 3.8% notes (collectively the "notes") are senior unsecured obligations issued by expedia group and guaranteed by certain domestic expedia group subsidiaries. the notes rank equally in right of payment with all of our existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of expedia group and the guarantor subsidiaries. for further information, see note 21 - guarantor and non-guarantor supplemental financial information . in addition, the notes include covenants that limit our ability to (i) create certain liens, (ii)
enter into sale/leaseback transactions and (iii) merge or consolidate with or into another entity or transfer substantially all of our assets. accrued interest related to the notes was $65 million and $75 million as of december 31, 2018 and 2017 . the notes are redeemable in whole or in part, at the option of the holders thereof, upon the occurrence of certain change of control triggering events at a purchase price in cash equal to 101% of the principal plus accrued and unpaid interest.
the following table sets forth the approximate fair value of our outstanding debt, which is based on quoted market prices in less active markets (level 2 inputs):
(1)  approximately674 millioneuro as ofdecember 31, 2018and690 millioneuro as ofdecember 31, 2017.
table of contents credit facility as of december 31, 2018 , expedia group, inc. maintained a $2 billion unsecured revolving credit facility with a group of lenders, which is unconditionally guaranteed by certain domestic expedia group subsidiaries that are the same as under the notes and expires in may 2023 . as of december 31, 2018 , we had no revolving credit facility borrowings outstanding. the facility bears interest based on the company's credit ratings, with drawn amounts bearing interest at libor plus 125 basis points and the commitment fee on undrawn amounts at 17.5 basis points as of december 31, 2018 . the facility contains covenants including maximum leverage and minimum interest coverage ratios.
the amount of stand-by letters of credit ("locs") issued under the facility reduces the credit amount available. as of december 31, 2018 , there was $15 million of outstanding stand-by locs issued under the facility.
the current facility was entered into in may 2018 and replaced our $1.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility that was due to expire in february 2021 . as of december 31, 2017 , we had no revolving credit facility borrowings outstanding under the prior facility and $14 million of outstanding stand-by loc's issued under that facility.
in addition, one of our international subsidiaries maintains a euro 50 million uncommitted credit facility, which is guaranteed by expedia group, and may be terminated at any time by the lender. as of december 31, 2018 and 2017 , we had no borrowings outstanding under this facility.
note 8 - employee benefit plans our u.s. employees are generally eligible to participate in a retirement and savings plan that qualifies under section 401(k) of the internal revenue code. participating employees may contribute up to 50% of their pretax salary, but not more than statutory limits. we contribute fifty cents for each dollar a participant contributes in this plan, with a maximum contribution of 3% of a participant's earnings. our contribution vests with the employee after the employee completes two years of service . participating employees have the option to invest in our common stock, but there is no requirement for participating employees to invest their contribution or our matching contribution in our common stock. we also have various defined contribution plans for our international employees.
our contributions to these benefit plans were $70 million , $60 million and $53 million for the years ended december 31, 2018 , 2017 and 2016 .
note 9 - stock-based awards and other equity instruments pursuant to the amended and restated expedia group, inc. 2005 stock and annual incentive plan, we may grant restricted stock, restricted stock awards, rsus, stock options and other stock-based awards to directors, officers, employees and consultants. as of december 31, 2018 , we had approximately 8 million shares of common stock reserved for new stock-based awards under the 2005 stock and annual incentive plan. we issue new shares to satisfy the exercise or release of stock-based awards. during 2018 and 2017, an equity choice program existed for annual awards that allows for the choice of stock options or rsus with certain limitations. during 2016, we awarded stock options as our primary form of stock-based compensation.
table of contents the following table presents a summary of our stock option activity:
balance as of january   17,055                    $             71.77
balance as of december  18,841                                  84.07
balance as of december  15,653                                  95.23
balance as of december  17,700                                 100.11                 4.3    $              261
exercisable as of        7,192                                  88.02                 2.9                   185
the aggregate intrinsic value of outstanding options shown in the stock option activity table above represents the total pretax intrinsic value at december 31, 2018 , based on our closing stock price of $112.65 as of the last trading date in 2018 . the total intrinsic value of stock options exercised was $107 million , $249 million and
the fair value of stock options granted during the years ended december 31, 2018 , 2017 and 2016 were estimated at the date of grant using appropriate valuation techniques, including the black-scholes and monte carlo option-
risk-free interest rate                       2.47  %        1.58  %        0.97  %
expected volatility                          32.81  %       32.47  %       39.06  %
weighted-average estimated fair value of  $  24.97       $  30.17       $  29.48
options granted during the year in addition to the expedia group, inc. stock plan, there were certain shares held by trivago employees, which were originally awarded in the form of stock options pursuant to the trivago employee stock option plan and subsequently exercised by such employees. during 2016, we exercised our call right on these shares and elected to do so at a premium to fair value, which resulted in an incremental stock-based compensation charge of approximately $49
table of contents the following table presents a summary of rsu activity:
balance as of january 1, 2016    1,396                    $            119.20
balance as of december 31, 2016  1,349                                 114.58
balance as of december 31, 2017  1,941                                 120.19
balance as of december 31, 2018  2,761                                 113.12
rsus, which are stock awards that are granted to employees entitling the holder to shares of our common stock as the award vests, were our primary form of stock-based award prior to 2009. our rsus generally vest over three or four -years, but may accelerate in certain circumstances, including certain changes in control.
the total market value of shares vested during the years ended december 31, 2018 , 2017 and 2016 was $68 million ,
in 2018 , we recognized total stock-based compensation expense of $203 million . in 2017 , we recognized total stock-based compensation expense of $149 million , which included the reversal of $41 million of previously recognized stock-based compensation as a result of the departure of our former ceo and the related forfeiture of certain of his stock-based awards within general and administrative expense. in 2016 , we recognized total stock-
based compensation expense of $242 million , including amounts related to trivago discussed above. the total income tax benefit related to stock-based compensation expense was $39 million , $38 million and $56 million for 2018 ,
$213 million . total current income tax benefits during the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017 associated with the exercise of stock-based awards held by our employees were $34 million and $100 million .
as of december 31, 2018 , there was approximately $450 million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to unvested stock-based awards, which is expected to be recognized in expense over a weighted-average period of 2.47 years .
employee stock purchase plan we have an employee stock purchase plan ("espp"), which allows shares of our common stock to be purchased by eligible employees at three-month intervals at 85% of the fair market value of the stock on the last day of each three-month period. eligible employees are allowed to contribute up to 10% of their base compensation. during 2018
, 2017 and 2016 , approximately 170,000 , 141,000 , and 139,000 shares were purchased under this plan for an average price of $101.26 , $112.31 and $95.63 per share. as of december 31, 2018 , we have reserved approximately 1
million shares of our common stock for issuance under the espp.
note 10 - income taxes the tax act was enacted in december 2017. the tax act significantly changed u.s. tax law by, among other things, lowering u.s. corporate income tax rates, implementing a territorial tax system and imposing a one-time transition tax on deemed repatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries. the tax act reduced the u.s. corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%, effective january 1, 2018.
the sec staff issued staff accounting bulletin no. 118 ("sab 118") to address the application of u.s. gaap in situations when a registrant does not have the necessary information available, prepared, or analyzed (including computations)
table of contents in reasonable detail to complete the accounting for certain income tax effects of the tax act and allows the registrant to record provisional amounts during a measurement period not to extend beyond one year of the enactment date. we applied the guidance in sab 118 when accounting for the enactment date effects of the tax act in 2017 and throughout 2018. at december 31, 2017, we had not completed our accounting for all of the enactment date income tax effects of the tax act under accounting standards codification 740, income taxes, for the following aspects:
remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities, one-time transition tax, and tax on gilti. at december 31,
2018, we have completed our accounting for all of the enactment date income tax effects of the tax act. during
2018, we recognized immaterial adjustments to the provisional amounts recorded at december 31, 2017 and included these adjustments as a component of income tax expense from continuing operations.
while the tax act provides for a modified territorial tax system, beginning in 2018, gilti provisions will be applied providing an incremental tax on low taxed foreign income. the gilti provisions require us to include in our u.s. income tax return foreign subsidiary earnings in excess of an allowable return on the foreign subsidiary's tangible assets. during 2018, we made an accounting policy election to treat taxes related to gilti as a current period expense when incurred.
("fdii") deduction, which is derived from the taxpayer's foreign derived deduction eligible income ("fddei") among other factors. for tax years 2018 to 2025, the allowable deduction is 37.5% of the gross fdii after the taxable income limitation, and 21.875% thereafter. for tax years 2018 to 2025, this equates to a 13.125% effective tax rate on excess returns earned directly by a u.s. corporation from foreign derived sales (including licenses and leases)
or services, and 16.406% thereafter. the preferential rate is reflected on the u.s. tax return as a deduction for fdii.
deferred income tax (benefit) expense:
deferred income tax (benefit) expense:                        (308  )               (103  )        (14  )
table of contents deferred income taxes as of december 31, 2018 and 2017 , the significant components of our deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities were as follows:
net operating loss and tax credit               123           122
as of december 31, 2018 , we had federal, state, and foreign net operating loss carryforwards ("nols") of approximately $84 million , $91 million and $404 million . if not utilized, the federal and state nols will expire at various times between 2019 and 2038 . foreign nols of $250 million may be carried forward indefinitely, and foreign nols of $154 million expire at various times starting from 2019 .
as of december 31, 2018 , we had a valuation allowance of approximately $80 million related to certain nol carryforwards for which it is more likely than not the tax benefits will not be realized. the valuation allowance increased by $4 million from the amount recorded as of december 31, 2017 primarily due to the historic nol carryforwards of acquired entities as well as foreign nols for which realization is not certain. the amount of the deferred tax asset considered realizable, however, could be adjusted if estimates of future taxable income during the carryforward period change, or if objective negative evidence in the form of cumulative losses is no longer present and additional weight may be given to subjective evidence such as our projections for growth.
due to the one-time transition tax on the deemed repatriation of post-1986 undistributed foreign subsidiary earnings and profits, the majority of previously unremitted earnings have now been subjected to u.s. federal income tax. to the extent that this repatriation resulted in differences between the book and tax carrying values of expedia group's investment in foreign subsidiaries whose offshore earnings are not indefinitely reinvested, or to the extent that future distributions from these subsidiaries will be taxable, a deferred tax liability has been accrued. the amount of undistributed earnings in foreign subsidiaries where the foreign subsidiary has or will invest undistributed earnings indefinitely outside of the united states, and for which future distributions could be taxable, was $104 million as of december 31, 2018. the unrecognized deferred tax liability related to the u.s.
federal income tax consequences of these earnings was $22 million as of december 31, 2018.
table of contents reconciliation of u.s. federal statutory income tax rate to effective income tax rate a reconciliation of amounts computed by applying the federal statutory income tax rate to income before income taxes to total income tax expense is as follows:
-in millions income tax expense at the federal statutory rate of 21% for 2018 and 35%   $                      102       $           146       $    97
federal research and development credit                         (23  )                (16  )        (15  )
excess tax benefits related to                                  (10  )                (60  )        (40  )
stock-based compensation unrecognized tax benefits and related                            23                    27            33
interest change in valuation allowance                                     8                     4           (14  )
non-deductible goodwill impairment                               16                     -             -
u.s. statutory tax rate change                                    -                  (158  )          -
due to earnings in foreign jurisdictions outside of the united states, primarily switzerland, where the statutory income tax rate is lower. in addition, excess tax benefits relating to stock-based payments also decrease our effective tax rate in all years.
the increase in our effective tax rate for 2018 compared to 2017 was due to one-time tax benefits in the prior year period and return to provision true-ups, as well as an increase in losses generated in foreign jurisdictions at tax rates below the 21% federal statutory rate.
unrecognized tax benefits and interest a reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits and interest is as follows:
balance, beginning of year             $   261       $            220       $   171
prior years reductions due to lapsed statute of         (2  )                  (3  )         (5  )
balance, end of year                   $   293       $            261       $   220
as of december 31, 2018 , we had $293 million of gross unrecognized tax benefits, $180 million of which, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. as of december 31, 2017 , we had $261 million of gross unrecognized tax benefits, $155 million of which, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. as of december 31, 2016, we had $220 million of gross unrecognized tax benefits, $181 million of which, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate.
as of december 31, 2018 and 2017 , total gross interest and penalties accrued was $30 million and $22 million , respectively. we recognized interest (benefit) expense in 2018 , 2017 and 2016 of $8 million , $7 million and $5
million in connection with our unrecognized tax benefits.
table of contents the company is routinely under audit by federal, state, local and foreign income tax authorities. these audits include questioning the timing and the amount of income and deductions, and the allocation of income and deductions among various tax jurisdictions. the internal revenue service ("irs") is currently examining expedia group's u.s.
consolidated federal income tax returns for the periods ended december 31, 2009 through december 31, 2013. as of december 31, 2018 , for the expedia group, inc. & subsidiaries group, statute of limitations for tax years 2009
through 2017 remain open to examination in the federal jurisdiction and most state jurisdictions. for the homeaway and orbitz groups, statutes of limitations for tax years 2001 through 2015 remain open to examination in the federal and most state jurisdictions due to nol carryforwards.
during 2017, the irs issued proposed adjustments related to transfer pricing with our foreign subsidiaries for our
2009 to 2010 audit cycle. the proposed adjustments would increase our u.s. taxable income by $105 million , which would result in federal tax expense of approximately $37 million , subject to interest. we do not agree with the position of the irs and are formally protesting the irs position.
note 11 - redeemable non-controlling interests we have non-controlling interests in majority owned entities, which are carried at fair value as the non-
controlling interests contained certain rights, whereby we could acquire and the minority shareholders could sell to us the additional shares of the companies. a reconciliation of redeemable non-controlling interest for the years ended december 31, 2018 , 2017 and 2016 is as follows:
-in millions balance, beginning of the period       $                       22       $     -       $     658
acquisition of redeemable                                       -            20               -
non-controlling interest purchase of subsidiary shares at fair                           -             -              (7  )
non-controlling interests fair value adjustments                                          3             -             849
currency translation adjustments                               (2  )          -             (89  )
non-controlling interest balance, end of period                 $                       30       $    22       $       -
the fair value of the redeemable non-controlling interest was determined based on a blended analysis of the present value of future discounted cash flows and market value approach ("level 3" on the fair value hierarchy). our significant estimates in the discounted cash flow model included our weighted average cost of capital as well as long-term growth and profitability of the business. our significant estimates in the market value approach included identifying similar companies with comparable business factors and assessing comparable revenue and operating multiples in estimating the fair value of the business.
in connection with the acquisition of our majority ownership interests in trivago in 2013, we entered into a shareholders agreement with trivago's founders that contains certain put/call rights whereby we could cause the founders to sell to us, and the founders could cause us to acquire from them, up to 50% and 100% of the trivago shares held by them at fair value during two windows. the first window would have closed during the first half of
2016. however, during the second quarter of 2016, we and the founders agreed not to exercise our respective put/call rights during that window and instead to postpone the window while the parties explored the feasibility of an ipo of trivago shares. on december 16, 2016, trivago completed its ipo for proceeds of approximately $210
million after deducting discounts, commissions and offering expenses and became a separately listed company on the nasdaq. prior to the initial public offering, we owned 63.5% of trivago. in conjunction with the initial public offering, expedia and trivago's founders entered into an amended and restated shareholders' agreement under which the original put/call rights were no longer effective and were replaced with a contingent founder held put right whereby expedia group would be obligated to buy all, but not less than all, of a founder's shares in the event a founder is removed from trivago's management board under certain circumstances which are within the control of expedia group. immediately prior to the offering and the effective date of the newly amended and restated shareholders' agreement, we adjusted the fair value of our redeemable non-controlling interest to reflect the estimated fair value immediately prior to the offering. we then subsequently reclassified the redeemable non-
controlling interest was no longer redeemable pursuant to the amended and restated shareholders' agreement. post offering, and as of december 31, 2016, our ownership interest and voting interest was approximately 59.7% and 64.7%
of trivago n.v. and its subsidiaries.
table of contents note 12 - stockholders' equity common stock and class b common stock our authorized common stock consists of 1.6 billion shares of common stock with par value of $0.0001 per share, and
400 million shares of class b common stock with par value of $0.0001 per share. both classes of common stock qualify for and share equally in dividends, if declared by our board of directors, and generally vote together on all matters. common stock is entitled to 1 vote per share and class b common stock is entitled to 10 votes per share. holders of common stock, voting as a single, separate class are entitled to elect 25% of the total number of directors. class b common stockholders may, at any time, convert their shares into common stock, on a one for one share basis. upon conversion, the class b common stock is retired and is not available for reissue. in the event of liquidation, dissolution, distribution of assets or winding-up of expedia group, inc., the holders of both classes of common stock have equal rights to receive all the assets of expedia group, inc. after the rights of the holders of the preferred stock, if any, have been satisfied.
preferred stock as of december 31, 2018 and 2017 , we have no preferred stock outstanding.
share repurchases during 2012, 2010, and 2006, our board of directors, or the executive committee, acting on behalf of the board of directors, authorized a repurchase of up to 20 million outstanding shares of our common stock during each of the respective years, during 2015 authorized a repurchase of up to 10 million shares of our common stock, and during
2018 authorized a repurchase of up to 15 million shares of our common stock for a total of 85 million shares.
shares repurchased under the authorized programs were as follows:
number of shares repurchased                  7.7 million       2.3 million       4.0 million average price per share        $                   117.02    $       127.04    $       109.64
total cost of repurchases (in  $                      903    $          294    $          436
as of december 31, 2018 , 12.2 million shares remain authorized for repurchase under the 2018 authorization with no fixed termination date for the repurchases.
dividends on our common stock in 2018 , 2017 and 2016 , the executive committee, acting on behalf of the board of directors, declared and paid the following dividends:
table of contents in addition, in february 2019 , the executive committee, acting on behalf of the board of directors, declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.32 per share of outstanding common stock payable on march 27, 2019 to the stockholders of record as of the close of business on march 7, 2019 . future declarations of dividends are subject to final determination by our board of directors.
the balance for each class of accumulated other comprehensive loss as of december 31, 2018 and 2017 is as follows:
adjustments, net of tax(1)
sale securities, net of tax(2)
foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax, includes foreign currency transaction losses atdecember 31, 2018of$27 million($35 millionbefore tax) and foreign currency transaction losses atdecember
(1)  31, 2017of$45 million($71 millionbefore tax) associated with our2.5%notes. the 2.5% notes are euro-denominated debt designated as hedges of certain of our euro-denominated net assets. seenote 2 -
significant accounting policiesfor more information.
(2)  which was reclassified to retained earnings as of january 1, 2018 upon adoption of the relevant new accounting guidance.
as of december 31, 2018 and 2017 , our ownership interest in trivago was approximately 59.5% and 59.6% .
amounts paid in excess of the respective non-controlling interest were recorded to additional paid-in capital. the following table shows the effects of the changes in non-controlling interest on our equity for the respective periods, in millions:
paid-in capital related to air asia net decrease in expedia group, inc.'s          -             -        (32  )
paid-in capital related to trivago ipo other                                         (7  )          3          -
interest change from net income attributable to expedia group, inc. and transfers from   $   394       $   381    $   250
non-controlling interest note 13 - earnings per share basic earnings per share basic earnings per share was calculated for the years ended december 31, 2018 , 2017 and 2016 using the weighted average number of common and class b common shares outstanding during the period excluding restricted stock and stock held in escrow.
diluted earnings per share for the years ended december 31, 2018 , 2017 and 2016 , we computed diluted earnings per share using (i) the number of shares of common stock and class b common stock used in the basic earnings per share calculation as indicated above (ii) if dilutive, the incremental common stock that we would issue upon the assumed exercise of stock options and the vesting of rsus using the treasury stock method, and (iii) other stock-based commitments.
table of contents the following table presents our basic and diluted earnings per share:
weighted average number of shares outstanding (000's):
dilutive effect of:
outstanding stock awards that have been excluded from the calculations of diluted earnings per share attributable to common stockholders because their effect would have been antidilutive were approximately nine million for the year ended december 31, 2018 , four million for 2017 , and seven million for 2016 .
the earnings per share amounts are the same for common stock and class b common stock because the holders of each class are legally entitled to equal per share distributions whether through dividends or in liquidation.
note 14 - restructuring and related reorganization charges in connection with activities to centralize and optimize certain operations as well as migrate technology platforms in the prior years, primarily related to previously disclosed acquisitions, we recognized $17 million and $56
million in restructuring and related reorganization charges during 2017 and 2016 . the charges were primarily related to employee severance and benefits, including severance amounts under pre-existing written plans and contracts orbitz had with its employees and incremental retention compensation for exiting employees as well as stock-compensation charges for acceleration of replacement awards pursuant to certain employment agreements. we had no restructuring charges in 2018 and the remaining $9 million of accrued liability as of december 31, 2017 was paid during 2018.
other, net the following table presents the components of other, net:
-in millions foreign exchange rate gains(losses), net  $                                3       $  (46   )    $  (15   )
table of contents note 16 - commitments and contingencies letters of credit, purchase obligations and guarantees we have commitments and obligations that include purchase obligations, guarantees and locs, which could potentially require our payment in the event of demands by third parties or contingent events. the following table presents these commitments and obligations as of december 31, 2018 :
letters of credit                   28              13           11            -               4
our purchase obligations represent the minimum obligations we have under agreements with certain of our vendors.
we have guarantees which consist primarily of bonds relating to tax assessments that we are contesting as well as bonds required by certain foreign countries' aviation authorities for the potential non-delivery, by us, of packaged travel sold in those countries. the authorities also require that a portion of the total amount of packaged travel sold be bonded. our guarantees also include certain surety bonds related to various company performance obligations.
our locs consist of stand-by locs, underwritten by a group of lenders, which we primarily issue for certain regulatory purposes as well as to certain hotel properties to secure our payment for hotel room transactions. the contractual expiration dates of these locs are shown in the table above. there were no material claims made against any stand-by locs during the years ended december 31, 2018 , 2017 and 2016 .
lease commitments we have contractual obligations in the form of operating leases for office space and related office equipment for which we record the related expense on a monthly basis. certain leases contain periodic rent escalation adjustments and renewal options. rent expense related to such leases is recorded on a straight-line basis. operating lease obligations expire at various dates with the latest maturity in 2031 . for the years ended december 31, 2018 , 2017
and 2016 , we recorded rental expense of $182 million , $168 million and $147 million .
the following table presents our estimated future minimum rental payments under operating leases with noncancelable lease terms that expire after december 31, 2018 as well as leases that have been accounted for as build-to-suit lease arrangements, in millions:
legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business, we are a party to various lawsuits. management does not expect these lawsuits to have a material impact on the liquidity, results of operations, or financial condition of expedia group. we also evaluate other potential contingent matters, including value-added tax, excise tax, sales tax, transient occupancy or accommodation tax and similar matters. we do not believe that the aggregate amount of liability that could be reasonably possible with respect to these matters would have a material adverse effect on our financial results;
table of contents losses incurred in the event that our legal proceedings were to result in unfavorable outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance.
litigation relating to occupancy taxes. one hundred one lawsuits have been filed by or against cities, counties and states involving hotel occupancy and other taxes. fifteen lawsuits are currently active. these lawsuits are in various stages and we continue to defend against the claims made in them vigorously. with respect to the principal claims in these matters, we believe that the statutes or ordinances at issue do not apply to the services we provide and, therefore, that we do not owe the taxes that are claimed to be owed. we believe that the statutes or ordinances at issue generally impose occupancy and other taxes on entities that own, operate or control hotels (or similar businesses) or furnish or provide hotel rooms or similar accommodations. to date, forty-five of these lawsuits have been dismissed. some of these dismissals have been without prejudice and, generally, allow the governmental entity or entities to seek administrative remedies prior to pursuing further litigation. thirty-one dismissals were based on a finding that we and the other defendants were not subject to the local tax ordinance or that the local government lacked standing to pursue its claims. as a result of this litigation and other attempts by certain jurisdictions to levy such taxes, we have established a reserve for the potential settlement of issues related to hotel occupancy and other taxes, consistent with applicable accounting principles and in light of all current facts and circumstances, in the amount of $46 million and $43 million as of december 31, 2018 and 2017 , respectively. our settlement reserve is based on our best estimate of probable losses and the ultimate resolution of these contingencies may be greater or less than the liabilities recorded. an estimate for a reasonably possible loss or range of loss in excess of the amount reserved cannot be made. changes to the settlement reserve are included within legal reserves, occupancy tax and other in the consolidated statements of operations.
pay-to-play. certain jurisdictions may assert that we are required to pay any assessed taxes prior to being allowed to contest or litigate the applicability of the ordinances. this prepayment of contested taxes is referred to as
"pay-to-play." payment of these amounts is not an admission that we believe we are subject to such taxes and, even when such payments are made, we continue to defend our position vigorously. if we prevail in the litigation, for which a pay-to-play payment was made, the jurisdiction collecting the payment will be required to repay such amounts and also may be required to pay interest.
hawaii (general excise tax). during 2013, certain expedia group companies were required to "pay-to-play" and paid a total of $171 million in advance of litigation relating to general excise taxes for merchant model hotel reservations in the state of hawaii. in september 2015, following a ruling by the hawaii supreme court, the state of hawaii refunded the expedia group companies $132 million of the original "pay-to-play" amount. orbitz also received a similar refund of $22 million from the state of hawaii in september 2015. the amount paid, net of refunds, by the expedia group companies and orbitz to the state of hawaii in satisfaction of past general excise taxes on their services for merchant model hotel reservations was $44 million . the parties reached a settlement relating to orbitz merchant model hotel tax liabilities, and on october 5, 2016, the expedia group companies paid the state of hawaii for the tax years 2012 through 2015. the expedia group companies and orbitz have now resolved all assessments by the state of hawaii for merchant model hotel taxes through 2015.
the department of taxation also issued final assessments for general excise taxes against certain expedia group companies, including orbitz, dated december 23, 2015 for the time period 2000 to 2014 for hotel and car rental revenue for "agency model" transactions. those assessments are currently under review in the hawaii tax court, which has stayed proceedings in the agency hotel and car rental case pending a decision by the hawaii supreme court in the merchant model car rental case addressed below.
final assessments by the hawaii department of taxation for general exercise taxes against certain expedia group companies, including orbitz, relating to merchant car rental transactions during the years 2000 to 2014 are also under review. with respect to merchant model car rental transactions at issue for the tax years 2000 through 2013, the hawaii tax court held on august 5, 2016 that general excise tax is due on the online travel companies' services to facilitate car rentals. the court further ruled that for merchant model car rentals in hawaii, the online travel companies are required to pay general excise tax on the total amount paid by consumers, with no credit for tax amounts already remitted by car rental companies to the state of hawaii for tax years 2000 through 2013, thus resulting in a double tax on the amount paid by consumers to car rental companies for the rental of the vehicle.
the court, however, ruled that when car rentals are paid for as part of a vacation package, tax is only due once on the amount paid by consumers to the car rental company for the rental of the vehicle. in addition, the court ruled that the online travel companies are required to pay interest and certain penalties on the amounts due. on april
25, 2017, the court entered a stipulated order and final judgment. on may 15, 2017, the expedia group companies paid under protest the full amount claimed due, or approximately $16.7 million , as a condition of appeal. the parties filed notices of cross-appeal from the order. the appeals were transferred to the hawaii supreme court, which heard argument on april 5, 2018. the parties await a ruling. the hawaii tax court's decision did not resolve
"merchant model" car rental transactions for the tax year 2014, which also remain under review.
million in advance of litigation relating to occupancy tax proceedings with the city of san francisco and, in may
table of contents expedia group companies paid an additional $25.5 million under protest in order to contest additional assessments for later time periods. in addition, orbitz in total has paid $4.6 million to the city of san francisco to contest similar assessments issued against it by the city. on may 23, 2018, the california court of appeals affirmed the trial court's holding that the online travel companies are not liable to remit hotel occupancy taxes to san francisco. on september 13, 2018, the city of san francisco refunded all pay-to-play payments made by the expedia group companies (including orbitz), along with accumulated interest, effectively ending the case. the $78 million refund was recorded as a gain within legal reserves, occupancy tax and other in the consolidated statement of operations and the $19 million of accumulated interest to interest income during 2018.
other jurisdictions. we are also in various stages of inquiry or audit with domestic and foreign tax authorities, some of which, including in the city of los angeles regarding hotel occupancy taxes and in the united kingdom regarding the application of value added tax ("vat") to our european union related transactions as discussed below, may impose a pay-to-play requirement to challenge an adverse inquiry or audit result in court.
the ultimate resolution of these contingencies may be greater or less than the pay-to-play payments made and our estimates of additional assessments mentioned above.
matters relating to international vat . we are in various stages of inquiry or audit in multiple european union jurisdictions, including in the united kingdom, regarding the application of vat to our european union related transactions. while we believe we comply with applicable vat laws, rules and regulations in the relevant jurisdictions, the tax authorities may determine that we owe additional taxes. in certain jurisdictions, including the united kingdom, we may be required to "pay-to-play" any vat assessment prior to contesting its validity. while we believe that we will be successful based on the merits of our positions with regard to the united kingdom and other vat audits in pay-to-play jurisdictions, it is nevertheless reasonably possible that we could be required to pay any assessed amounts in order to contest or litigate the applicability of any assessments and an estimate for a reasonably possible amount of any such payments cannot be made.
competition and consumer matters over the last several years, the online travel industry has become the subject of investigations by various national competition authorities ("ncas"), particularly in europe. expedia group companies are or have been involved in investigations predominately related to whether certain parity clauses in contracts between expedia group entities and accommodation providers, sometimes also referred to as "most favored nation" or "mfn"
provisions, are anti-competitive.
in europe, investigations or inquiries into contractual parity provisions between hotels and online travel companies, including expedia group companies, were initiated in 2012, 2013 and 2014 by ncas in austria, belgium, czech republic, denmark, france, germany, greece, hungary, ireland, italy, poland, sweden and switzerland. while the ultimate outcome of some of these investigations or inquiries remains uncertain, and the expedia group companies' circumstances are distinguishable from other online travel companies subject to similar investigations and inquiries, we note in this context that on april 21, 2015, the french, italian and swedish ncas, working in close cooperation with the european commission, announced that they had accepted formal commitments offered by booking.com to resolve and close the investigations against booking.com in france, italy and sweden by booking.com removing and/or modifying certain rate, conditions and availability parity provisions in its contracts with accommodation providers in france, italy and sweden as of july 1, 2015, among other commitments. booking.com voluntarily extended the geographic scope of these commitments to accommodation providers throughout europe as of the same date.
with effect from august 1, 2015, expedia group companies waived certain rate, conditions and availability parity clauses in agreements with european hotel partners for a period of five years. while the expedia group companies maintain that their parity clauses have always been lawful and in compliance with competition law, these waivers were nevertheless implemented as a positive step towards facilitating the closure of the open investigations into such clauses on a harmonized pan-european basis. following the implementation of the expedia group companies'
waivers, nearly all ncas in europe have announced either the closure of their investigation or inquiries involving expedia group companies or a decision not to open an investigation or inquiry involving expedia group companies.
below are descriptions of additional rate parity-related matters of note in europe.
the german federal cartel office ("fco") has required another online travel company, hotel reservation service
("hrs"), to remove certain clauses from its contracts with hotels. hrs' appeal of this decision was rejected by the higher regional court düsseldorf on january 9, 2015. on december 23, 2015, the fco announced that it had also required booking.com by way of an infringement decision to remove certain clauses from its contracts with german hotels. booking.com has appealed the decision and the appeal was heard by the higher regional court düsseldorf on february 8, 2017. those proceedings remain ongoing.
the italian competition authority's case closure decision against booking.com and expedia group companies has subsequently been appealed by two italian hotel trade associations, i.e. federalberghi and aica. these appeals remain at an early stage and no hearing date has been fixed.
table of contents on november 6, 2015, the swiss competition authority announced that it had issued a final decision finding certain parity terms existing in previous versions of agreements between swiss hotels and each of certain expedia group companies, booking.com and hrs to be prohibited under swiss law. the decision explicitly notes that the expedia group companies' current contract terms with swiss hotels are not subject to this prohibition. the swiss competition authority imposed no fines or other sanctions against the expedia group companies and did not find an abuse of a dominant market position by the expedia group companies. the fco's case against the expedia group companies' contractual parity provisions with accommodation providers in germany remains open but is still at a preliminary stage with no formal allegations of wrong-doing having been communicated to the expedia group companies to date.
the directorate general for competition, consumer affairs and repression of fraud (the "dgccrf"), a directorate of the french ministry of economy and finance with authority over unfair trading practices, brought a lawsuit in france against expedia group companies objecting to certain parity clauses in contracts between expedia group companies and french hotels. in may 2015, the french court ruled that certain of the parity provisions in certain contracts that were the subject of the lawsuit were not in compliance with french commercial law, but imposed no fine and no injunction. the dgccrf appealed the decision and, on june 21, 2017, the paris court of appeal published a judgment overturning the decision. the court annulled parity clauses contained in the agreements at issue, ordered the expedia group companies to amend their contracts, and imposed a fine. the expedia group companies have appealed the decision. the appeal will not stay payment of the fine.
hotelverband deutschland ("iha") e.v. (a german hotel association) brought proceedings before the cologne regional court against expedia, inc., expedia.com gmbh and expedia lodging partner services sàrl. iha applied for a 'cease and desist' order against these companies in relation to the enforcement of certain rate and availability parity clauses contained in contracts with hotels in germany. on or around february 16, 2017, the court dismissed iha's action and declared the claimant liable for the expedia group defendants' statutory costs. iha appealed the decision and, on december 4, 2017, the court of appeals rejected iha's appeal. the court of appeals expressly confirmed that expedia group's mfns are in compliance both with european and german competition law. while iha had indicated an intention to appeal the decision to the federal supreme court, it has not lodged an appeal within the applicable deadline, with the consequence that the court of appeals judgment has now become final.
a working group of 10 european ncas (belgium, czech republic, denmark, france, hungary, ireland, italy, netherlands, sweden and the united kingdom) and the european commission has been established by the european competition network ("ecn") at the end of 2015 to monitor the functioning of the online hotel booking sector, following amendments made by a number of online travel companies (including booking.com and expedia group companies) in relation to certain parity provisions in their contracts with hotels. the working group issued questionnaires to online travel agencies including expedia group companies, metasearch sites and hotels in 2016.
the underlying results of the ecn monitoring exercise were published on april 6, 2017.
legislative bodies in france (july 2015), austria (december 2016) and italy (august 2017) have also adopted new domestic anti-parity clause legislation. expedia group believes each of these pieces of legislation violates both eu and national legal principles and therefore, expedia group companies have challenged these laws at the european commission. moreover, in belgium, new domestic anti-parity legislation entered into force on august 20, 2018. a motion requesting the swiss government to take action on narrow price parity has been adopted in the swiss parliament. the swiss government is now required to draft legislation implementing the motion. the company is unable to predict whether and with what content legislation will ultimately be adopted and, if so, when this might be the case. it is not yet clear how any adopted domestic anti-parity clause legislations and/or any possible future legislation in this area may affect expedia group's business.
outside of europe, a number of ncas have also opened investigations or inquired about contractual parity provisions in contracts between hotels and online travel companies in their respective territories, including expedia group companies. a brazilian hotel sector association -- forum de operadores hoteleiros do brasil -- filed a complaint with the brazilian administrative council for economic defence ("cade") against a number of online travel companies, including booking.com, decolar.com and expedia group companies, on july 27, 2016 with respect to parity provisions in contracts between hotels and online travel companies. on september 13, 2016, the expedia group companies submitted a response to the complaint to cade. on march 27, 2018, the expedia group companies resolved cade's concerns based on a settlement implementing waivers substantially similar to those provided to accommodation providers in europe. in late 2016, expedia group companies resolved the concerns of the australia and new zealand ncas based on implementation of the waivers substantially similar to those provided to accommodation providers in europe (on september 1, 2016 in australia and on october 28, 2016 in new zealand). more recently, however, the australian nca has reopened its investigation. expedia group companies are in ongoing discussions with a limited number of ncas in other countries in relation to their contracts with hotels. expedia group is currently unable to predict the impact the implementation of the waivers both in europe and elsewhere will have on expedia group's business, on investigations or inquiries by ncas in other countries, or on industry practice more generally.
table of contents in addition, regulatory authorities in europe (including the uk competition and markets authority, or "cma"), australia, and elsewhere have initiated legal proceedings and/or market studies, inquiries or investigations relating to online marketplaces and how information is presented to consumers using those marketplaces, including practices such as search results rankings and algorithms, discount claims , disclosure of charges, and availability and similar messaging.
on june 28, 2018, the cma announced that it will be requiring hotel booking websites to take action to address concerns identified in the course of its ongoing investigation. after consulting with the cma, on january 31, 2019, we agreed to offer certain voluntary undertakings with respect to the presentation of information on certain of our uk consumer-facing websites in order to address the cma's concerns. the cma has confirmed that, as a result of the undertakings offered, it will close its investigation without any admission or finding of liability. the undertakings become effective on september 1, 2019. on august 23, 2018, the australian competition and consumer commission, or "accc", instituted proceedings in the australian federal court against trivago. the accc alleged breaches of australian consumer law relating to trivago's advertisements in australia concerning the hotel prices available on trivago's australian site and trivago's strike-through pricing practice. a trial date is set for september 9, 2019 and an appropriate reserve has been accrued in respect of this matter.
we are cooperating with regulators in the investigations described above where applicable, but we are unable to predict what, if any, effect such actions will have on our business, industry practices or online commerce more generally. other than described above, we have not accrued a reserve in connection with the market studies, investigations, inquiries or legal proceedings described above either because the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome is not probable or the amount of any loss is not estimable.
note 17 - related party transactions liberty . mr. diller is the chairman and senior executive of expedia group. subject to the terms of an amended and restated stockholders agreement between liberty expedia holdings, inc. ("liberty expedia holdings") and mr. diller, as amended as of november 4, 2016, mr. diller also holds an irrevocable proxy to vote shares of expedia common stock and class b common stock beneficially owned by liberty expedia holdings (the "diller proxy"), which proxy has been assigned by mr. diller to liberty expedia holdings as described below.
on november 4, 2016, qurate retail, inc. (f/k/a liberty interactive corporation) redeemed a portion of the outstanding shares of its liberty ventures common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding shares of liberty expedia holdings, which at that time was a wholly owned subsidiary of liberty interactive (the "liberty split-
off"). at the time of the liberty split-off, liberty expedia holdings' assets included all of liberty interactive's interest in expedia group. pursuant to a transaction agreement among mr. diller, liberty interactive, liberty expedia holdings, john c. malone and leslie malone, dated as of march 24, 2016 and amended and restated effective on september 22, 2016 and as of march 6, 2018, at the time of the liberty split-off, for a period ending not later than may 4, 2019 (i) mr. diller assigned the diller proxy to liberty expedia holdings (the "diller assignment") and
(ii) mr. and mrs. malone granted mr. diller an irrevocable proxy to vote all shares of liberty expedia holdings series a common stock and series b common stock beneficially owned by them upon completion of the liberty split-off or thereafter (the "malone proxy"), in each case, subject to certain limitations. as a result, by virtue of the voting power associated with the malone proxy, the governance structure at liberty expedia holdings and mr.
diller's continuing position as chairman of expedia group's board of directors, mr. diller indirectly controls expedia group until the termination or expiration of the diller assignment and malone proxy, at which point (and by virtue of the termination of the diller assignment), unless the diller assignment and malone proxy terminate as a result of mr. diller's death or disability, mr. diller will have the power to vote directly all shares of expedia common stock and class b common stock beneficially owned by liberty expedia holdings.
in connection with the then-pending liberty split-off, on march 24, 2016, liberty interactive and liberty expedia holdings entered into a reimbursement agreement with expedia pursuant to which liberty interactive and liberty expedia holdings agreed to reimburse expedia group, up to a specified cap, for certain costs and expenses resulting from the liberty split-off and the above-described proxy arrangements that may be incurred by expedia group with respect to expedia group's previous $1.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility, expedia group's 7.456% notes that matured in 2018 and expedia group's 5.95% notes maturing in 2020 (as amended and restated as of september 22,
on september 30, 2016, expedia group received consents from the holders of more than a majority of the aggregate principal amount of its 5.95% notes and entered into a supplemental indenture to amend the indenture governing its
5.95% notes to conform the definition of "permitted holders" to the definition employed in expedia group's 2.5%
notes, 4.5% notes and 5.0% notes, including by specifying that "permitted holders" include certain entities succeeding to the interest of liberty interactive in expedia group. during 2016, liberty interactive reimbursed expedia group approximately $4 million for the cost of the consent solicitation pursuant to the terms of the reimbursement agreement.
table of contents the reimbursement agreement constitutes expedia group's sole and exclusive remedy with respect to any claim arising out of any potential change of control under any contract, debt instrument, agreement or other similar instrument resulting, directly or indirectly, from the liberty split-off or the above-described proxy arrangements entered into in connection with the liberty split-off. on january 3, 2017, other than those provisions relating to expedia group's remedies described above and certain administrative provisions, the reimbursement agreement terminated in accordance with its terms upon the non-occurrence within the 60 day-period following the liberty split-off of certain reimbursement triggers.
during 2018, we issued 269,646 shares of common stock from treasury stock to liberty expedia holdings at a price per share of $113.32 and an aggregate value of approximately $31 million pursuant to and in accordance with the preemptive rights as detailed by the amended and restated governance agreement with liberty expedia holdings dated as of december 20, 2011 , as amended.
on february 4, 2019, expedia group filed a current report on form 8-k (the "form 8-k") reporting that liberty expedia holdings and mr. diller filed an amended statement on schedule 13d/a that included a description of discussions that had taken place between a member of expedia group management (as authorized by a special committee of disinterested directors formed by the expedia group board of directors) and a member of liberty expedia holdings management (as authorized by a committee of the board of directors of liberty expedia holdings composed of all of liberty expedia holdings' series a common stock directors) regarding a potential business combination transaction in which the outstanding shares of liberty expedia holdings' series a common stock and series b common stock would be exchanged for newly issued shares of expedia group common stock. the form 8-k also described expectations regarding (i) the exchange, in connection with the consummation of any such transaction with liberty expedia holdings, of expedia group common stock beneficially owned by mr. diller and a charitable foundation formed by mr.
diller for shares of expedia group class b common stock currently owned by liberty expedia holdings, as would be permitted under certain circumstances by the governance and shareholder agreements relating to expedia group currently in effect and (ii) the entry, in connection with the consummation of any such transaction, into certain amendments to the governance agreement currently in effect relating to mr. diller's ability to exchange for or purchase in the future additional shares of expedia group class b common stock, as well as other governance arrangements and transfer restrictions.
iac/interactivecorp. in addition to serving as our chairman and senior executive, mr. diller also serves as chairman of the board of directors and senior executive at iac. the company and iac are related parties since they are under common control, given that mr. diller serves as chairman and senior executive of both expedia group and iac. each of iac and expedia group has a 50% ownership interest in two aircraft that may be used by both companies.
we share equally in fixed and nonrecurring costs for the planes; direct operating costs are pro-rated based on actual usage. as of december 31, 2018 and 2017 , the net basis in our ownership interest in the planes was $33
million and $40 million recorded in long-term investments and other assets. in 2018 , 2017 and 2016 , operating and maintenance costs paid directly to the jointly-owned subsidiary for the airplanes were nominal.
note 18 - segment information we have four reportable segments: core ota, trivago, homeaway and egencia. our core ota segment, which consists of the aggregation of operating segments, provides a full range of travel and advertising services to our worldwide customers through a variety of brands including: expedia.com and hotels.com in the united states and localized expedia and hotels.com websites throughout the world, expedia partner solutions, orbitz, travelocity, wotif group, ebookers, cheaptickets, hotwire.com, carrentals.com, classic vacations and silverrail technologies, inc. our trivago segment generates advertising revenue primarily from sending referrals to online travel companies and travel service providers from its hotel metasearch websites. our homeaway segment operates an online marketplace for the alternative accommodations industry. our egencia segment provides managed travel services to corporate customers worldwide.
we determined our operating segments based on how our chief operating decision makers manage our business, make operating decisions and evaluate operating performance. our primary operating metric is adjusted ebitda. adjusted ebitda for our core ota and egencia segments includes allocations of certain expenses, primarily cost of revenue and facilities. our core ota segment includes the total costs of our global supply organizations and core ota and homeaway include the realized foreign currency gains or losses related to the forward contracts hedging a component of our net merchant lodging revenue. we base the allocations primarily on transaction volumes and other usage metrics. we do not allocate certain shared expenses such as accounting, human resources, information technology and legal to our reportable segments. we include these expenses in corporate and eliminations. our allocation methodology is periodically evaluated and may change. during the first quarter of 2018, we updated our allocations methodology for certain technology costs. while the impact of the update was not significant, we recast historical information presented to be on a comparable basis.
our segment disclosure includes intersegment revenues, which primarily consist of advertising and media services provided by our trivago segment to our core ota segment. these intersegment transactions are recorded by each segment at f- 42
table of contents amounts that approximate fair value as if the transactions were between third parties, and therefore, impact segment performance. however, the revenue and corresponding expense are eliminated in consolidation. the elimination of such intersegment transactions is included within corporate and eliminations in the table below. in addition, when homeaway properties are booked through our core ota websites and vice versa, the segments split the third-party revenue for management and segment reporting purposes with the majority of the third-party revenue residing with the website marketing the property or room.
corporate and eliminations also includes unallocated corporate functions and expenses. in addition, we record amortization of intangible assets and any related impairment, as well as stock-based compensation expense, restructuring and related reorganization charges, legal reserves, occupancy tax and other, and other items excluded from segment operating performance in corporate and eliminations. such amounts are detailed in our segment reconciliation below.
the following tables present our segment information for 2018 , 2017 and 2016 . as a significant portion of our property and equipment is not allocated to our operating segments and depreciation is not included in our segment measure, we do not report the assets by segment as it would not be meaningful. we do not regularly provide such information to our chief operating decision makers.
of                  -                -                 -                -               (283  )         (283  )
of                  -                -                 -                -                (86  )          (86  )
of                  -                -                 -                -                (42  )          (42  )
table of contents year ended december
of                  -                -                 -                -          (275       )         (275  )
table of contents year ended december
of                   -                -                 -                -          (317       )        (317  )
of                   -                -                 -                -          (35        )         (35  )
table of contents revenue by business model and service type the following table presents revenue by business model and service type for the years ended december 31, 2018 ,
-in millions business model merchant               $                    5,950    $    5,394    $    4,853
agency                                      3,010         2,687         2,425
service type lodging                $                    7,712    $    6,851    $    6,021
as disclosed innote 2 - significant accounting policies, results for2018are presented under the new
(1)  revenue recognition accounting guidance, which we adopted using the modified retrospective method.
therefore, 2017 and 2016 results have not been adjusted and continued to be reported under the accounting standards in effect for those periods.
(2)  other includes car rental, insurance, destination services, cruise and fee revenue related to our corporate travel business, among other revenue streams, none of which are individually material.
our core ota segment generates revenue from the merchant, agency and advertising and media business models as well as all service types. trivago segment revenue is primarily generated through advertising and media. all homeaway revenue is included within the lodging service type. our egencia segment generates revenue from similar business models and service types to core ota applied to the corporate traveler with the majority being agency revenue.
geographic information the following table presents revenue by geographic area, the united states and all other countries, based on the geographic location of our websites or points of sale with the exception of trivago, which has all been allocated to germany, the location of its corporate headquarters, for the years ended december 31, 2018 , 2017 and 2016 . no sales to an individual country other than the united states accounted for more than 10% of revenue for the presented years.
table of contents the following table presents property and equipment, net for the united states and all other countries, as of december 31, 2018 and 2017 :
as of december 31,
note 19 - valuation and qualifying accounts the following table presents the changes in our valuation and qualifying accounts. other reserves primarily include our accrual of the cost associated with purchases made on our website related to the use of fraudulent credit cards
balance at beginning of                         charges to description               period       charges to             other                              balance at end
2018               (in millions)         earnings       accounts(1)          deductions               of period
(1)  charges to other accounts primarily relates to amounts acquired through acquisitions, net translation adjustments, and reclassifications.
note 20 - quarterly financial information (unaudited)
operating income (loss)                                   96                672           111           (165  )
operating income (loss)                                  114                481           103            (73  )
(1)  during the fourth quarter of 2018, we recognized a$25 millionimpairment charge related to goodwill as well as a$42 millionimpairment charge related to indefinite lived intangible assets.
(2)  earnings per share is computed independently for each of the quarters presented. therefore, the sum of the quarterly earnings per share may not equal the total computed for the year.
note 21 - guarantor and non-guarantor supplemental financial information condensed consolidating financial information of expedia group, inc. (the "parent"), our subsidiaries that are guarantors of our debt facility and instruments (the "guarantor subsidiaries"), and our subsidiaries that are not guarantors of our debt facility and instruments (the "non-guarantor subsidiaries") is shown below. the debt facility and instruments are guaranteed by certain of our wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries and rank equally in right of payment with all of our existing and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations. the guarantees are full, unconditional, joint and several with the exception of certain customary automatic subsidiary release provisions. in this financial information, the parent and guarantor subsidiaries account for investments in their wholly-owned subsidiaries using the equity method.
condensed consolidating statement of operations year ended december 31, 2018
cost of                  -               1,436                  550          (21         )             1,965
marketing technology and                      -               1,143                  474          -                         1,617
of                       -                 174                  109          -                           283
intangible assets impairment of                       -                   -                   86          -                            86
goodwill impairment of                       -                  42                    -          -                            42
expense, net operating                -                 439                  275          -                           714
of consolida...
table of contents condensed consolidating statement of operations year ended december 31, 2017
cost of                  -               1,343                  431          (17         )             1,757
marketing technology and                      -                 991                  396          -                         1,387
of                       -                 182                   93          -                           275
expense, net operating                -                 297                  328          -                           625
of consolida...
table of contents condensed consolidating statement of operations year ended december 31, 2016
cost of                  -               1,264                  346          (13         )             1,597
marketing technology and                      -                 904                  331          -                         1,235
of                       -                 249                   68          -                           317
intangible assets impairment of                       -                   -                   35          -                            35
expense, net operating                -                 177                  285          -                           462
of consolida...
table of contents condensed consolidating balance sheet december 31, 2018
table of contents condensed consolidating statement of cash flows year ended december 31, 2018
parent             guarantor          non-guarantor operating activities:       (in millions)          subsidiaries           subsidiaries          consolidated
net cash provided by operating                $              -       $         1,248       $            727       $         1,975
capital expenditures, including internal-use software                   -                  (752  )                (126  )               (878  )
and website development purchases of                            -                (1,720  )                 (83  )             (1,803  )
investments sales and maturities of                 -                 2,063                     74                 2,137
investments acquisitions, net of cash and restricted                     -                   (53  )                   -                   (53  )
payment of long-term                 (500  )                  -                      -                  (500  )
debt purchases of treasury                (923  )                  -                      -                  (923  )
of treasury stock payment of dividends to              (186  )                  -                      -                  (186  )
stockholders proceeds from exercise of equity awards                      166                     -                      -                   166
and employee stock purchase plan changes in controlled                   -                     -                    (62  )                (62  )
financing activities effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and                   -                   (71  )                 (68  )               (139  )
equivalents at beginning of year cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash            $              -       $         1,190       $          1,515       $         2,705
equivalents at end of year f- 52
table of contents condensed consolidating statement of cash flows year ended december 31, 2017
parent             guarantor          non-guarantor operating activities:       (in millions)          subsidiaries           subsidiaries          consolidated
net cash provided by operating                $              -       $         1,312       $            533       $         1,845
capital expenditures, including internal-use software                   -                  (546  )                (164  )               (710  )
and website development purchases of                            -                (1,222  )                (589  )             (1,811  )
investments sales and maturities of                 -                   875                    221                 1,096
investments acquisitions, net of cash and restricted                     -                  (168  )                  (1  )               (169  )
proceeds from issuance of long-term                          990                     -                      -                   990
debt, net of debt issuance costs purchases of treasury                (312  )                  -                      -                  (312  )
stock payment of dividends to              (176  )                  -                      -                  (176  )
stockholders proceeds from exercise of equity awards                      228                     -                      1                   229
and employee stock purchase plan changes in controlled                   -                     -                    (18  )                (18  )
activities effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and                    -                    36                    111                   147
equivalents at beginning of year cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash            $              -       $         1,321       $          1,596       $         2,917
equivalents at end of year f- 53
table of contents condensed consolidating statement of cash flows year ended december 31, 2016
parent             guarantor          non-guarantor operating activities:       (in millions)          subsidiaries           subsidiaries          consolidated
net cash provided by operating                $              -       $           939       $            610       $         1,549
capital expenditures, including internal-use software                   -                  (635  )                (114  )               (749  )
and website development purchases of                            -                     -                    (45  )                (45  )
investments sales and maturities of                 -                    38                     23                    61
investments acquisitions, net of                    -                     -                     (1  )                 (1  )
proceeds from issuance of long-term                           (2  )                  -                      -                    (2  )
debt, net of debt issuance costs payment of homeaway                     -                  (401  )                   -                  (401  )
convertible notes purchases of treasury                (456  )                  -                      -                  (456  )
stock payment of dividends to              (150  )                  -                      -                  (150  )
stockholders proceeds from exercise of equity awards                      141                     -                      -                   141
and employee stock purchase plan changes in controlled                   -                     -                    208                   208
financing activities effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and                    -                   (15  )                 (20  )                (35  )
equivalents at beginning of year cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash and cash            $              -       $           442       $          1,376       $         1,818
equivalents at end of year f- 54
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview expedia group is one of the world's largest travel companies. we help knock down the barriers to travel, making it easier, more enjoyable, more attainable and more accessible. we bring the world within reach for customers and partners around the globe. we leverage our platform and technology capabilities across an extensive portfolio of businesses and brands to orchestrate the movement of people and the delivery of travel experiences on both a local and global basis. we make available, on a stand-alone and package basis, travel services provided by numerous lodging properties, airlines, car rental companies, destination service providers, cruise lines, vacation rental property owners and managers, and other travel product and service companies. we also offer travel and non-travel advertisers access to a potential source of incremental traffic and transactions through our various media and advertising offerings on our websites. for additional information about our portfolio of brands, see the disclosure set forth in part i, item 1, business, under the caption "management overview."
trends the travel industry, including offline agencies, online agencies and other suppliers of travel products and services, has historically been characterized by intense competition, as well as rapid and significant change.
generally, 2017 and 2018 represented years of continuing growth for the travel industry. however, political instability, geopolitical conflicts, acts of terrorism, significant fluctuations in currency values, sovereign debt issues, natural disasters and macroeconomic concerns are examples of events that contribute to a somewhat uncertain environment, which could have a negative impact on the travel industry in the future. for additional information about our growth strategy for expedia group, see the disclosure set forth in part i, item 1, business, under the caption "growth strategy."
online travel increased usage and familiarity with the internet are driving rapid growth in online penetration of travel expenditures. according to phocuswright, an independent travel, tourism and hospitality research firm, in 2019, over 45% of u.s. and european leisure and unmanaged corporate travel expenditures are expected to occur online.
online penetration rates in the emerging markets, such as asia pacific and latin american regions, are lagging behind that of the united states and europe, and are estimated to be in the range of 35% to 45% in 2019. these penetration rates increased over the past few years, and are expected to continue growing, which presents an attractive growth opportunity for our business, while also attracting many competitors to online travel. this competition intensified in recent years, and the industry is expected to remain highly competitive for the foreseeable future. in addition to the growth of online travel agencies, airlines and lodging companies aggressively pursued direct online distribution of their products and services. competitive entrants such as
"metasearch" companies, including kayak.com (owned by booking holdings), trivago (in which expedia group owns a majority interest) as well as tripadvisor, introduced differentiated features, pricing and content compared with the legacy online travel agency companies, as well as various forms of direct or assisted booking tools. in addition, the increasing popularity of the "sharing economy," accelerated by online penetration, has had a direct impact on the travel and lodging industry. businesses such as airbnb, homeaway (which expedia acquired in december
2015) and booking.com (owned by booking holdings) have emerged as the leaders, bringing incremental alternative accommodation and vacation rental inventory to the market. many other competitors, including vacation rental metasearch players, continue to emerge in this space, which is expected to continue to grow as a percentage of the global accommodation market. furthermore, we see increased interest in the online travel industry from search engine companies as evidenced by recent innovations including direct booking functionality and product enhancements by companies such as google. finally, traditional consumer ecommerce and group buying websites expanded their local offerings into the travel market by adding hotel offers to their websites. for additional detail regarding the competitive trends and risks we face, see part i item 1 business - "competition," and part i, item 1a, risk factors
- "we operate in an increasingly competitive global environment."
the online travel industry also saw the development of alternative business models and variations in the timing of payment by travelers and to suppliers, which in some cases place pressure on historical business models. in particular, the agency hotel model saw rapid adoption in europe. expedia group distributes both merchant (expedia collect) and agency (hotel collect) hotel offerings for our hotel supply partners through both agency-only contracts as well as our hybrid etp program, which offers travelers the choice of whether to pay expedia group at the time of booking or pay the hotel at the time of stay.
intense competition also historically led to aggressive marketing efforts by the travel suppliers and intermediaries, and a meaningful unfavorable impact on our overall marketing efficiencies and operating margins. we manage our selling and marketing spending on a brand basis, making decisions in each applicable market that we think are appropriate based on the relative growth opportunity and the expected returns and the competitive environment. in certain cases, particularly in
table of contents emerging markets, we are pursuing and expect to continue to pursue long-term growth opportunities for which our marketing efficiency is less favorable than that for our consolidated business, but for which we still believe the opportunity to be attractive. in addition, the crowded online travel environment is now driving certain secondary and tertiary online travel companies to establish marketing agreements with global players in order to leverage distribution and technology capabilities while focusing resources on capturing traveler mind share. for more detail, see part i, item 1a, risk factors - "we rely on the value of our brands, and the cost of maintaining and enhancing our brand awareness are increasing" and "our international operations involve additional risks and our exposure to these risks will increase as our business expands globally."
lodging lodging includes hotel accommodations as well as alternative accommodations primarily made available through homeaway. as a percentage of our total worldwide revenue in 2018, lodging accounted for 69%. our room night growth has been healthy, with room nights 32% in 2016 (excluding elong), 16% in 2017 and 13% in 2018. adrs for rooms booked on expedia and homeaway websites increased 5% in 2016 (excluding elong) due to the acquisition of homeaway,
hotel. we generate the majority of our revenue through the facilitation of hotel reservations (stand-alone and package bookings). although our relationships with our hotel supply partners remained broadly stable in the past few years, as part of the global rollout of etp, we reduced negotiated economics in certain instances to compensate for hotel supply partners absorbing expenses such as credit card fees and customer service costs, which has negatively impacted the margin of revenue we earn per booking. in addition, as we continue to expand the breadth and depth of our global hotel offering, in some cases we have reduced our economics in various geographies based on local market conditions. these impacts are due to specific initiatives intended to drive greater global size and scale through faster overall room night growth. additionally, increased promotional activities such as growing loyalty programs contribute to declines in revenue per room night and profitability.
since our hotel supplier agreements are generally negotiated on a percentage basis, any increase or decrease in adrs has an impact on the revenue we earn per room night. over the course of the last several years, occupancies and adrs in the lodging industry generally increased on a currency-neutral basis in a gradually improving overall travel environment. current occupancy rates for hotels in the united states remain high; however, u.s. hotel supply has continued to grow, which may put additional pressure on adrs. in some international markets, hotel supply is being added at a faster rate as hotel owners and operators try to take advantage of opportunities in faster growing regions. companies like airbnb, homeaway and booking.com also added incremental global supply in the alternative accommodations space. in addition, while the global lodging industry remains very fragmented, there has been consolidation in the hotel space among chains as well as ownership groups. in the meantime, certain hotel chains have been focusing on driving direct bookings on their own websites and mobile applications by advertising lower rates than those available on third-party websites as well as incentives such as loyalty points, increased or exclusive product availability and complimentary wi-fi. we have succeeded in adding supply to our global lodging marketplace with more than one million properties on our global websites as of december 31, 2018, including more than 370,000 integrated homeaway vacation rental listings.
alternative accommodations. with our acquisition of homeaway and all of its brands in december 2015, we expanded into the fast growing alternative accommodations market. homeaway is a leader in this market and represents an attractive growth opportunity for expedia group. homeaway has been undergoing a transition from a listings-based classified advertising model to an online transactional model that optimizes for both travelers and homeowner and property manager partners, with a goal of increasing monetization and driving growth through investments in marketing as well as in product and technology. homeaway offers hosts subscription-based listing or pay-per-booking service models. it also generates revenue from a traveler service fee for bookings. as of december 31, 2018, there are over 1.8 million online bookable listings available on homeaway, with over 370,000 listings also available through expedia group's other brands.
air significant airline sector consolidation in the united states in recent years generally resulted in lower overall capacity and higher fares, which combined with the significant declines in fuel prices led to record levels of profitability for the u.s. air carriers, further strengthening their position. however, in 2017 and into 2018, there was evidence of discounting by the u.s. carriers while currency headwinds and weaker macroeconomic trends put pressure on international results. starting in the second half of 2018, there has been evidence of modest fare increases, though it remains unclear if this trend will continue. ticket prices on expedia group websites declined
6% in 2016 (excluding elong), 1% in 2017, and increased 2% in 2018. based on airline reports, demand for airline tickets seems to be strong, helping increase air revenues globally. there is significant correlation between airline revenues and fuel prices, and fluctuations in fuel prices generally take time to be reflected in air revenues. given current volatility, it is uncertain whether the recent increases in fuel prices will drive further increases in airfares, particularly when considering planned supply increases through capacity additions. we can encounter
table of contents pressure on air remuneration as air carriers combine and as certain supply agreements renew, and continue to add airlines to ensure local coverage in new markets.
air ticket volumes increased 32% in 2016 (excluding elong), primarily due to the acquisition of orbitz, 4% in 2017, and 5% in 2018. as a percentage of our total worldwide revenue in 2018, air accounted for 8%.
advertising & media our advertising and media business is principally driven by revenue generated by trivago, a leading hotel metasearch website, in addition to expedia group media solutions, which is responsible for generating advertising revenue on our global online travel brands. in 2018, we generated a total of $1.1 billion of advertising and media revenue, a slight increase from 2017, representing 10% of our total worldwide revenue. in 2018, trivago shifted its operational focus, reducing marketing spend to better balance revenue and profit growth. the lower marketing spend negatively impacted revenue growth, while benefiting profitability. we expect that trend to continue in the first half of 2019.
seasonality we generally experience seasonal fluctuations in the demand for our travel services. for example, traditional leisure travel bookings are generally the highest in the first three quarters as travelers plan and book their spring, summer and winter holiday travel. the number of bookings typically decreases in the fourth quarter. because revenue for most of our travel services, including merchant and agency hotel, is recognized as the travel takes place rather than when it is booked, revenue typically lags bookings by several weeks for our hotel business and can be several months or more for our vacation rental business. historically, homeaway has seen seasonally stronger bookings in the first quarter of the year, with the relevant stays occurring during the peak summer travel months.
the seasonal revenue impact is exacerbated with respect to income by the nature of our variable cost of revenue and direct sales and marketing costs, which we typically realize in closer alignment to booking volumes, and the more stable nature of our fixed costs. furthermore, operating profits for our primary advertising business, trivago, have typically been experienced in the second half of the year, particularly the fourth quarter, as selling and marketing costs offset revenue in the first half of the year as we typically increase marketing during the busy booking period for spring, summer and winter holiday travel. as a result on a consolidated basis, revenue and income are typically the lowest in the first quarter and highest in the third quarter. the continued growth of our international operations, advertising business or a change in our product mix, including the growth of homeaway, may influence the typical trend of the seasonality in the future, and there may also be business or market driven dynamics that result in short-term impacts to revenue or profitability that differ from the typical seasonal trends. as homeaway has further shifted to a predominately transaction-based business model for vacation rental listings and its booking window elongates, its seasonal trends are more pronounced than our other traditional leisure businesses.
critical accounting policies and estimates critical accounting policies and estimates are those that we believe are important in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements because they require that we use judgment and estimates in applying those policies. we prepare our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states ("gaap"). preparation of the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated financial statements as well as revenue and expenses during the periods reported. we base our estimates on historical experience, where applicable, and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. actual results may differ from our estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
there are certain critical estimates that we believe require significant judgment in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. we consider an accounting estimate to be critical if:
•  it requires us to make an assumption because information was not available at the time or it included matters that were highly uncertain at the time we were making the estimate; and
•  changes in the estimate or different estimates that we could have selected may have had a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations.
for more information on each of these policies, see note 2 - significant accounting policies , in the notes to consolidated financial statements. we discuss information about the nature and rationale for our critical accounting estimates below.
table of contents accounting for certain merchant revenue we accrue the cost of certain merchant revenue based on the amount we expect to be billed by suppliers. in certain instances when a supplier invoices us for less than the cost we accrued, we generally reduce our merchant accounts payable and the supplier costs within net revenue six months in arrears, net of an allowance, when we determine it is not probable that we will be required to pay the supplier, based on historical experience. actual revenue could be greater or less than the amounts estimated due to changes in hotel billing practices or changes in traveler behavior.
deferred loyalty rewards we offer certain internally administered traveler loyalty programs to our customers, such as our hotels.com rewards program, our expedia rewards program and our orbitz rewards program. hotels.com rewards offers travelers one free night at any hotels.com partner property after that traveler stays 10 nights, subject to certain restrictions.
expedia rewards rewards enables participating travelers to earn points on all hotel, flight, package and activities made on over 30 brand expedia websites. orbitz rewards allows travelers to earn orbucks, the currency of orbitz rewards, on flights, hotels and vacation packages and instantly redeem those orbucks on future bookings at various hotels worldwide. as travelers accumulate points towards free travel products, we defer the relative standalone selling price of earned points, net of expected breakage, as deferred loyalty rewards within deferred merchant bookings on the consolidated balance sheet. in order to estimate the standalone selling price of the underlying services on which points can be redeemed for all loyalty programs, we use an adjusted market assessment approach and consider the redemption values expected from the traveler. we then estimate the number of rewards that will not be redeemed based on historical activity in our members' accounts as well as statistical modeling techniques.
revenue is recognized when we have satisfied our performance obligation relating to the points, that is when the travel service purchased with the loyalty award is satisfied. both the actual standalone selling price of the underlying services and ultimate redemption rates could differ materially from our estimates due to a number of factors, including fluctuations in reward value, product utilization and divergence from historical member behavior.
business combinations we assign the value of the consideration transferred to acquire a business to the tangible assets and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed on the basis of their fair values at the date of acquisition.
any excess purchase price over the fair value of the net tangible and intangible assets acquired is allocated to goodwill. when determining the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, management makes significant estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. critical estimates in valuing certain intangible assets include but are not limited to future expected cash flows from customer relationships and trade names, and discount rates. management's estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable, but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and, as a result, actual results may differ from estimates.
recoverability of goodwill and indefinite and definite-lived intangible assets goodwill . we assess goodwill for impairment annually as of october 1, or more frequently, if events and circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. in the evaluation of goodwill for impairment, we typically perform a quantitative assessment and compare the fair value of the reporting unit to the carrying value and, if applicable, record an impairment charge based on the excess of the reporting unit's carrying amount over its fair value. periodically, we may choose to perform a qualitative assessment, prior to performing the quantitative analysis, to determine whether the fair value of the goodwill is more likely than not impaired.
we generally base our measurement of fair value of reporting units on a blended analysis of the present value of future discounted cash flows and market valuation approach with the exception of our standalone publicly traded subsidiary, which is based on market valuation. the discounted cash flows model indicates the fair value of the reporting units based on the present value of the cash flows that we expect the reporting units to generate in the future. our significant estimates in the discounted cash flows model include: our weighted average cost of capital;
long-term rate of growth and profitability of our business; and working capital effects. the market valuation approach indicates the fair value of the business based on a comparison of the company to comparable publicly traded firms in similar lines of business. our significant estimates in the market approach model include identifying similar companies with comparable business factors such as size, growth, profitability, risk and return on investment and assessing comparable revenue and operating income multiples in estimating the fair value of the reporting units.
we believe the weighted use of discounted cash flows and market approach is the best method for determining the fair value of our reporting units because these are the most common valuation methodologies used within the travel and internet industries; and the blended use of both models compensates for the inherent risks associated with either model if used on a stand-alone basis.
table of contents in addition to measuring the fair value of our reporting units as described above, we consider the combined carrying and fair values of our reporting units in relation to the company's total fair value of equity plus debt as of the assessment date. our equity value assumes our fully diluted market capitalization, using either the stock price on the valuation date or the average stock price over a range of dates around the valuation date, plus an estimated acquisition premium which is based on observable transactions of comparable companies. the debt value is based on the highest value expected to be paid to repurchase the debt, which can be fair value, principal or principal plus a premium depending on the terms of each debt instrument.
indefinite-lived intangible assets . we base our measurement of fair value of indefinite-lived intangible assets, which primarily consist of trade name and trademarks, using the relief-from-royalty method. this method assumes that the trade name and trademarks have value to the extent that their owner is relieved of the obligation to pay royalties for the benefits received from them. this method requires us to estimate the future revenue for the related brands, the appropriate royalty rate and the weighted average cost of capital.
definite-lived intangible assets. we review the carrying value of long-lived assets or asset groups to be used in operations whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets might not be recoverable. factors that would necessitate an impairment assessment include a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used, a significant adverse change in legal factors or the business climate that could affect the value of the asset, or a significant decline in the observable market value of an asset, among others. if such facts indicate a potential impairment, we would assess the recoverability of an asset group by determining if the carrying value of the asset group exceeds the sum of the projected undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the assets over the remaining economic life of the primary asset in the asset group. if the recoverability test indicates that the carrying value of the asset group is not recoverable, we will estimate the fair value of the asset group using appropriate valuation methodologies, which would typically include an estimate of discounted cash flows. any impairment would be measured as the difference between the asset groups carrying amount and its estimated fair value.
the use of different estimates or assumptions in determining the fair value of our goodwill, indefinite-lived and definite-lived intangible assets may result in different values for these assets, which could result in an impairment or, in the period in which an impairment is recognized, could result in a materially different impairment charge.
income taxes we record income taxes under the liability method. deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect our estimation of the future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for book and tax purposes. we determine deferred income taxes based on the differences in accounting methods and timing between financial statement and income tax reporting. accordingly, we determine the deferred tax asset or liability for each temporary difference based on the enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when we realize the underlying items of income and expense. we consider many factors when assessing the likelihood of future realization of our deferred tax assets, including our recent earnings experience by jurisdiction, expectations of future taxable income, and the carryforward periods available to us for tax reporting purposes, as well as other relevant factors. we may establish a valuation allowance to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount we believe is more likely than not to be realized. due to inherent complexities arising from the nature of our businesses, future changes in income tax law, tax sharing agreements or variances between our actual and anticipated operating results, we make certain judgments and estimates. therefore, actual income taxes could materially vary from these estimates.
we record liabilities to address uncertain tax positions we have taken in previously filed tax returns or that we expect to take in a future tax return. the determination for required liabilities is based upon an analysis of each individual tax position, taking into consideration whether it is more likely than not that our tax position, based on technical merits, will be sustained upon examination. for those positions for which we conclude it is more likely than not it will be sustained, we recognize the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50
percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the taxing authority. the difference between the amount recognized and the total tax position is recorded as a liability. the ultimate resolution of these tax positions may be greater or less than the liabilities recorded.
the tax act was enacted in december 2017 and the tax act significantly changed u.s. tax law by, among other things, lowering u.s. corporate income tax rates, implementing a territorial tax system and imposing a one-time transition tax on deemed repatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries. the tax act reduced the u.s. corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%, effective january 1, 2018.
the sec staff issued staff accounting bulletin no. 118 ("sab 118") to address the application of u.s. gaap in situations when a registrant does not have the necessary information available, prepared, or analyzed (including computations) in reasonable detail to complete the accounting for certain income tax effects of the tax act and allows the registrant to record provisional amounts during a measurement period not to extend beyond one year of the enactment date. we applied the guidance in sab 118 when accounting for the enactment date effects of the tax act in 2017 and throughout 2018. at
table of contents december 31, 2017, we had not completed our accounting for all of the enactment date income tax effects of the tax act under accounting standards codification 740, income taxes, for the following aspects: one-time transition tax and revaluation of deferred tax balances. as of december 31, 2018, we have now completed our accounting for all of the enactment date income tax effects of the tax act. based on our final analysis, changes in our estimates during
2018 relating to the one-time transition tax and revaluation of deferred tax balances were immaterial. the tax act created a new requirement that global intangible low-taxed income ("gilti") earned by our foreign subsidiaries must be included in gross u.s. taxable income which we account for in the period incurred (the "period cost method").
other long-term liabilities various legal and tax contingencies . we record liabilities to address potential exposures related to business and tax positions we have taken that have been or could be challenged by taxing authorities. in addition, we record liabilities associated with legal proceedings and lawsuits. these liabilities are recorded when the likelihood of payment is probable and the amounts can be reasonably estimated. the determination for required liabilities is based upon analysis of each individual tax issue, or legal proceeding, taking into consideration the likelihood of adverse judgments and the range of possible loss. in addition, our analysis may be based on discussions with outside legal counsel. the ultimate resolution of these potential tax exposures and legal proceedings may be greater or less than the liabilities recorded.
occupancy and other taxes . some states and localities impose taxes (e.g. transient occupancy, accommodation tax, sales tax and/or business privilege tax) on the use or occupancy of hotel accommodations or other traveler services. generally, hotels collect taxes based on the rate paid to the hotel and remit these taxes to the various tax authorities. when a customer books a room through one of our travel services, we collect a tax recovery charge from the customer which we pay to the hotel. we calculate the tax recovery charge by applying the applicable tax rate supplied to us by the hotels to the amount that the hotel has agreed to receive for the rental of the room by the consumer. in all but a limited number of jurisdictions, we do not collect or remit taxes, nor do we pay taxes to the hotel operator, on the portion of the customer payment we retain. some jurisdictions have questioned our practice in this regard. while the applicable tax provisions vary among the jurisdictions, we generally believe that we are not required to pay such taxes. more recently, a limited number of taxing jurisdictions have made similar claims against homeaway for tax amounts due on the rental amounts charged by owners of vacation rental properties or for taxes on homeaway's services. homeaway is an intermediary between a traveler and a party renting a vacation property and we believe is similarly not liable for such taxes. we are engaged in discussions with tax authorities in various jurisdictions to resolve these issues. some tax authorities have brought lawsuits or have levied assessments asserting that we are required to collect and remit tax. the ultimate resolution in all jurisdictions cannot be determined at this time. certain jurisdictions may require us to pay tax assessments, including occupancy and other transactional tax assessments, prior to contesting any such assessments.
we have established a reserve for the potential settlement of issues related to hotel taxes for prior and current periods, consistent with applicable accounting principles and in light of all current facts and circumstances. a variety of factors could affect the amount of the liability (both past and future), which factors include, but are not limited to, the number of, and amount of revenue represented by, jurisdictions that ultimately assert a claim and prevail in assessing such additional tax or negotiate a settlement and changes in relevant statutes.
we note that there are more than 10,000 taxing jurisdictions in the united states, and it is not feasible to analyze the statutes, regulations and judicial and administrative rulings in every jurisdiction. rather, we have obtained the advice of state and local tax experts with respect to tax laws of certain states and local jurisdictions that represent a large portion of our hotel revenue. many of the statutes and regulations that impose these taxes were established before the emergence of the internet and ecommerce. certain jurisdictions have enacted, and others may enact, legislation regarding the imposition of taxes on businesses that arrange the booking of hotel or alternative accommodations. we continue to work with the relevant tax authorities and legislators to clarify our obligations under new and emerging laws and regulations. we will continue to monitor the issue closely and provide additional disclosure, as well as adjust the level of reserves, as developments warrant. additionally, certain of our businesses are involved in tax related litigation, which is discussed in part i, item 3, legal proceedings. recent occupancy tax developments are also discussed below under the caption "occupancy and other taxes."
stock-based compensation historically, our primary form of employee stock-based compensation was stock option awards. our employee stock options consist of service based awards, some of which also have market-based vesting conditions. we measure the value of stock option awards on the date of grant at fair value using the appropriate valuation techniques, including the black-scholes and monte carlo option-pricing models, for awards that contain market-based vesting conditions. we amortize the fair value over the remaining explicit vesting term in the case of service-based awards and the longer of the derived service period or the explicit service period for awards with market conditions, on a straight-line basis. we account for forfeitures as they occur. the
table of contents pricing models require various highly judgmental assumptions including volatility and expected option term. if any of the assumptions used in the models change significantly, stock-based compensation expense may differ materially in the future from that recorded in the current period.
in addition, we classify certain employee option awards as liabilities when we deem it not probable that the employees holding the awards will bear the risk and rewards of stock ownership for a reasonable period of time.
such options are revalued at the end of each reporting period and upon settlement our total compensation expense recorded from grant date to settlement date will equal the settlement amount.
new accounting pronouncements for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements, see note 2 - significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
occupancy and other taxes we are currently involved in 15 lawsuits brought by or against states, cities and counties over issues involving the payment of hotel occupancy and other taxes. we continue to defend these lawsuits vigorously. with respect to the principal claims in these matters, we believe that the statutes and ordinances at issue do not apply to the services we provide and, therefore, that we do not owe the taxes that are claimed to be owed. we believe that the statutes and ordinances at issue generally impose occupancy and other taxes on entities that own, operate or control hotels (or similar businesses) or furnish or provide hotel rooms or similar accommodations.
recent developments include:
jefferson parish, louisiana litigation.on january 2, 2019, jefferson parish, louisiana filed a lawsuit in louisiana state court against a number of online travel companies, including expedia, hotels.com, hotwire, orbitz and egencia, alleging claims for declaratory judgment, violation of state and local tax laws, unfair
•  trade practices, breach of fiduciary duty and imposition of a constructive trust.
•  judgment, concluding that the defendants are not responsible for tourist development taxes.
broward county, florida litigation.on january 11, 2019, broward county, florida filed a lawsuit in florida state court against homeaway for a declaratory judgment and supplemental relief claiming that homeaway is obligated to collect and remit tourist development taxes imposed by broward county and also seeking
•  enforcement of a subpoena.
colorado department of revenue tax litigation.on january 11, 2019, a number of online travel companies, including expedia, hotels.com, hotwire and orbitz filed a complaint in colorado state court appealing tax
•  assessments for state and state-collected local taxes issued by the colorado department of revenue.
for additional information on these and other legal proceedings, see part i, item 3, legal proceedings.
we have established a reserve for the potential settlement of issues related to hotel occupancy and other tax litigation, consistent with applicable accounting principles and in light of all current facts and circumstances, in the amount of $46 million as of december 31, 2018 and $43 million as of december 31, 2017 .
certain jurisdictions, including the states of new york, new jersey, north carolina, minnesota, oregon, rhode island, maryland, pennsylvania, hawaii, iowa, massachusetts, the city of new york, and the district of columbia, have enacted legislation seeking to tax online travel company services as part of sales or other taxes for hotel occupancy and/or car rental. we are currently remitting taxes to a number of jurisdictions, including to the states of new york, new jersey, south carolina, north carolina, minnesota, georgia, wyoming, oregon, rhode island, montana, maryland, kentucky, maine, new jersey, pennsylvania, hawaii, iowa, massachusetts, the city of new york and the district of columbia, as well as certain other jurisdictions.
table of contents pay-to-play certain jurisdictions may assert that we are required to pay any assessed taxes prior to being allowed to contest or litigate the applicability of the ordinances. this prepayment of contested taxes is referred to as "pay-to-
play." payment of these amounts is not an admission that we believe we are subject to such taxes and, even when such payments are made, we continue to defend our position vigorously. if we prevail in the litigation, for which a pay-to-play payment was made, the jurisdiction collecting the payment will be required to repay such amounts and also may be required to pay interest. however, any significant pay-to-play payment or litigation loss could negatively impact our liquidity. for additional information, including significant pay-to-play payments made by expedia group companies as well as reimbursement of certain pay-to-play amounts received by expedia group companies, see note 16 - commitments and contingencies - legal proceedings - pay-to-play in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
other jurisdictions. we are also in various stages of inquiry or audit with domestic and foreign tax authorities, some of which, including in the city of los angeles regarding hotel occupancy taxes and in the united kingdom regarding the application of value added tax ("vat") to our european union related transactions, may impose a pay-
segments we have four reportable segments: core ota, trivago, homeaway, and egencia. our core ota segment provides a full range of travel and advertising services to our worldwide customers through a variety of brands including:
expedia.com and hotels.com in the united states and localized expedia and hotels.com websites throughout the world, orbitz, cheaptickets, ebookers, expedia partner solutions, hotwire.com, travelocity, wotif group, carrentals.com, classic vacations and silverrail technologies, inc. our trivago segment generates advertising revenue primarily from sending referrals to online travel companies and travel service providers from its hotel metasearch websites.
our homeaway segment operates an online marketplace for the alternative accommodations industry. our egencia segment provides managed travel services to corporate customers worldwide.
operating metrics our operating results are affected by certain metrics, such as gross bookings and revenue margin, which we believe are necessary for understanding and evaluating us. gross bookings represent the total retail value of transactions booked for both agency and merchant transactions as well as homeaway bookings, recorded at the time of booking reflecting the total price due for travel by travelers, including taxes, fees and other charges, and are generally reduced for cancellations and refunds. as travelers have increased their use of the internet to book travel arrangements, we have generally seen our gross bookings increase, reflecting the growth in the online travel industry, our organic market share gains and our business acquisitions. revenue margin is defined as revenue as a percentage of gross bookings.
when homeaway properties are booked through our core ota websites and vice versa, the segments split the third-
party revenue for management and segment reporting purposes with the majority of the third-party revenue residing with the website marketing the property or room. the operating metrics, including gross bookings and room nights, are not split but instead generally reside entirely with the website marketing the property or room.
table of contents gross bookings and revenue margin year ended december 31,                                            % change
trivago, which is comprised of a hotel metasearch business that differs from our transaction-based
the increase in worldwide gross bookings in 2018 and 2017 compared to the prior year periods was primarily due to growth in the core ota segment, including growth at brand expedia, hotels.com and expedia partner solutions, as well as growth at homeaway.
results of operations revenue year ended december
31,                                 % change
in 2018 , revenue increased primarily driven by growth in the core ota segment, including growth at brand expedia, expedia partner solutions and hotels.com, as well as growth at homeaway. in 2017 , revenue increased primarily driven by growth in the core ota segment, including growth at brand expedia and expedia partner solutions, as well as growth at homeaway and trivago.
table of contents year ended december
31,                                 % change
-$ in millions revenue by service type lodging               $                  7,712    $   6,851    $  6,021    13  %               14  %
lodging revenue increased 13% in 2018 on a 13% increase in room nights stayed driven by growth in hotels.com, expedia partner solutions and homeaway. lodging revenue increased 14% in 2017 primarily due to a 16% increase in room nights stayed driven by growth in brand expedia, homeaway and expedia partner solutions, partially offset by a
worldwide air revenue increased 12% in 2018 due to a 5% increase in air tickets sold as well as a 7% increase in revenue per ticket. air revenue growth for 2018 included an approximately 3% benefit due to an accounting change related to classification of certain fees, which were previously recorded as contra-revenue but now classified as cost of revenue with no net impact to operating income. worldwide air revenue increased 1% in 2017 due to 4%
increase in air tickets sold, partially offset by a 3% decrease in revenue per ticket.
advertising and media revenue increased 2% in 2018 due to continued growth at expedia group media solutions, offset by declines at trivago. advertising and media revenue increased 33% in 2017 primarily due to growth at trivago and expedia group media solutions.
all other revenue, which includes car rental, insurance, destination services and fees related to our corporate travel business, increased by 14% in 2018 and 16% in 2017 primarily due to growth in our travel insurance products and car rental revenue.
in addition to the above segment and product revenue discussion, our revenue by business model is as follows:
31,                                 % change
-$ in millions revenue by business model merchant              $                  5,950    $   5,394    $  4,853    10  %               11  %
agency                                   3,010        2,687       2,425    12  %               11  %
the increase in agency revenue in 2018 and 2017 was primarily due to the growth in agency hotel and air.
homeaway revenue increased 29% in 2018 compared to 2017 due to growth in transactional revenue of approximately 55%
primarily driven by a benefit from the traveler service fee, partially offset by subscription revenue decreasing approximately 20%. homeaway revenue increased 32% in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to growth in transactional revenue of 115% driven by a benefit from the traveler service fee, partially offset by subscription revenue decreasing approximately 30%.
table of contents cost of revenue year ended december 31,                                         % change
-$ in millions customer          $                874       $    767       $    727       14  %                5  %
processing data center,                       583            484            362       21  %               34  %
cloud and other total cost of     $              1,965       $  1,757       $  1,597       12  %               10  %
% of revenue                      17.5  %        17.5  %        18.2  %
cost of revenue primarily consists of (1) customer operations, including our customer support and telesales as well as fees to air ticket fulfillment vendors, (2) credit card processing, including merchant fees, fraud and chargebacks, and (3) other costs, primarily including data center and cloud costs to support our websites, supplier operations, destination supply, and stock-based compensation.
in 2018 , the increase in cost of revenue expense was driven by $107 million of increased customer operations expenses, including higher direct and headcount costs to support the growth of the business as well as impacts of the reclassification of certain air fees from contra-revenue due to the current year accounting change. in addition, data center, cloud and other costs increased $99 million period over period.
in 2017 , the increase in cost of revenue expense was driven by $122 million of higher data center, cloud and other costs, including a $37 million increase in depreciation expense primarily data center related, as well as $40
million of increased customer operations expenses.
cloud expense in cost of revenue during 2018 was $92 million compared to $57 million in 2017 and $4 million in
selling and marketing year ended december 31,                                         % change
and marketing
% of revenue                      51.4  %        52.7  %        49.8  %
selling and marketing expense primarily relates to direct costs, including traffic generation costs from search engines and internet portals, television, radio and print spending, private label and affiliate program commissions, public relations and other costs. the remainder of the expense relates to indirect costs, including personnel and related overhead in our various brands and global supply organization as well as stock-based compensation costs.
selling and marketing expenses increased $469 million during 2018 compared to 2017 driven by an increase of $ 310
million of direct costs, including online and offline marketing expenses. expedia partner solutions, brand expedia, hotels.com and homeaway accounted for the majority of the total direct cost increases, partially offset by a decrease at trivago. in addition, higher indirect costs of $159 million also contributed to the increase and were primarily driven by growth in personnel in the lodging supply organization. the decrease in selling and marketing expense as a percentage of revenue in 2018 from 2017 was largely due to leverage on direct costs primarily driven by the ongoing marketing rationalization efforts at trivago.
selling and marketing expenses increased $931 million during 2017 compared to 2016 driven by an increase of $830
million of direct costs, including online and offline marketing expenses. trivago, brand expedia, expedia partner solutions and hotels.com accounted for the majority of the total direct cost increases. in addition, higher indirect costs of $101 million also contributed to the increase and were primarily driven by growth in personnel at egencia as well as in the lodging supply organization.
table of contents technology and content year ended december 31,                                         % change
overhead depreciation and amortization of                    495            445            362       11  %               23  %
% of revenue                      14.4  %        13.8  %        14.1  %
technology and content expense includes product development and content expense, as well as information technology costs to support our infrastructure, back-office applications and overall monitoring and security of our networks, and is principally comprised of personnel and overhead, depreciation and amortization of technology assets including hardware, and purchased and internally developed software, and other costs including cloud expense, licensing and maintenance expense and stock-based compensation.
technology and content expense increased $230 million for 2018 compared to 2017 primarily due to increased personnel and overhead costs of $129 million on higher headcount investments to develop our ecommerce platform and growth at homeaway. depreciation and amortization of technology assets also increased by $50 million . other costs increased $51 million year-over-year primarily due to higher licensing and maintenance costs to support the growth of our technology platforms as well as higher cloud expenses.
technology and content expense increased $152 million for 2017 primarily due to increased depreciation and amortization of technology assets of $83 million year-over-year. personnel and overhead costs also increased $67
million on higher headcount. other costs increased $2 million year-over-year primarily due to higher licensing and maintenance to support the growth of our technology platforms, partially offset by lower stock-based compensation of $9 million, including the impact of 2016 amounts related to the trivago employee stock option plan as described in note 9 - stock-based awards and other equity instruments .
general and administrative year ended december 31,                                       % change
overhead professional                        288           223           267       29  %               (17  )%
% of revenue                        7.2  %        6.7  %        7.7  %
general and administrative expense consists primarily of personnel-related costs, including our executive leadership, finance, legal and human resource functions as well as fees for external professional services including legal, tax and accounting, and other costs including stock-based compensation.
general and administrative expense increased $132 million in 2018 compared to 2017 primarily related to higher personnel and overhead costs of $67 million resulting from increased headcount at corporate as well as the prior year reversal of approximately $41 million of previously recognized stock-based compensation expense related to the departure of our former ceo in september 2017.
general and administrative expense decreased $2 million in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily related to a decrease in professional fees and other on lower stock-based compensation of $64 million year-over-year, resulting from the
2017 reversal of approximately $41 million of previously recognized stock-based compensation expense related to the departure of our former ceo as well as the absence of certain 2016 stock-based compensation charges related to trivago, partially offset by an increase in professional fees. in addition, personnel and overhead expenses also increased $42 million primarily driven by the organic growth of the business.
table of contents amortization and impairment of intangible assets year ended december
31,                               % change
-$ in millions amortization of       $                     283    $   275    $   317      3  %               (13  )%
intangible assets impairment of                                42          -         35    n/a                  n/a intangible assets amortization of intangible assets increased $8 million in 2018 compared to 2017 primarily due to amortization related to new business acquisitions in the prior year. in 2017 , amortization of intangible assets decreased $42
million compared to 2016 primarily due to the completion of amortization related to certain intangible assets, partially offset by $11 million of amortization related to new business acquisitions in 2017.
in 2018 and in 2016, we recorded an impairment loss of $42 million and $35 million related to indefinite-lived trade names within our core ota segment due to changes in estimated future revenue of the related brands.
impairment of goodwill during 2018, we recognized a goodwill impairment charge of $86 million related to a reporting unit within our core ota segment. see note 4 - fair value measurements in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information.
2018                         2017       2016    2018 vs 2017  % change      2017 vs 2016
other legal reserves, occupancy tax and other primarily consists of increases in our reserves for court decisions and the potential and final settlement of issues related to hotel occupancy and other taxes, expenses recognized related to monies paid in advance of occupancy and other tax proceedings ("pay-to-play") as well as certain other legal reserves.
during 2018 , we received a refund of prepaid pay-to-play payments of $78 million from the city of san francisco and recorded a related gain in legal reserves, occupancy tax and other, which was partially offset by expense related to changes in our reserve related to hotel occupancy and other taxes for other jurisdictions.
during 2017 , the expense primarily related to changes in our reserve related to hotel occupancy and other taxes.
during 2016 , we recognized approximately $12 million for amounts expected to be paid in advance of litigation related to merchant car rental transactions in connection with hawaii's general excise tax litigation. the remaining expense in 2016 related to changes in our reserve related to hotel occupancy and other taxes.
for additional information, see note 16 - commitments and contingencies in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
restructuring and related reorganization charges during 2018, we did not recognize any restructuring and related reorganization charges. however, during 2017 and
$56 million in restructuring and related reorganization charges, respectively.
table of contents operating income year ended december
31,                                       % change
-$ in millions operating income  $                  714       $   625       $   462       14  %               35  %
% of revenue                         6.4  %        6.2  %        5.3  %
in 2018 , operating income increased primarily due to growth in revenue in excess of operating costs as well as the
$78 million gain recognized related to the san francisco pay-to-play refund in the current year, partially offset by current year impairment charges related to goodwill and intangible assets.
in 2017 , operating income increased primarily due to growth in revenue and a decrease in most major expense categories as a percentage of revenue, partially offset by growth in sales and marketing as a percentage of revenue in 2017.
adjusted ebitda by segment year ended december 31,                                          % change
(1) adjusted ebitda is a non-gaap measure. see "definition and reconciliation of adjusted ebitda" below for more information.
adjusted ebitda is our primary segment operating metric. see note 18 - segment information in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on intersegment transactions, unallocated overhead costs and for a reconciliation of adjusted ebitda by segment to net income (loss) attributable to expedia group, inc. for the periods presented above.
core ota adjusted ebitda increased $248 million during 2018 , primarily due to an increase in revenue combined with a decrease in selling and marketing as a percentage of revenue in the current period. adjusted ebitda increased
$101 million during 2017 , primarily due to an increase of $797 million in revenue, partially offset by an increase in online marketing expense mostly at brand expedia, expedia partner solutions and hotels.com, and including an increase in online spend at trivago.
trivago adjusted ebitda increased $11 million during 2018 . beginning late in the second quarter of 2018, trivago started focusing on improved profitability and made significant reductions in its advertising spend as a result of this increased focus on reducing operating expenditures. trivago adjusted ebitda declined $30 million during 2017.
the deterioration was largely driven by a sudden change in advertiser bidding at the end of the second quarter of
2017 resulting in a sharp decline in revenue growth. marketing spend, in particular pre-committed television spend, could not be adjusted to an optimal level timely enough and resulted in the declining profitability.
homeaway adjusted ebitda increased $86 million during 2018 due to an increase of $265 million in revenue, partially offset by higher operating expenses from planned investments in performance-based marketing as well as continued investing in both customer and supplier facing products, and homeaway's migration to the cloud. homeaway adjusted ebitda increased $27 million during 2017 due to an increase of $217 million in revenue, partially offset by higher selling and marketing and technology and content expense. during 2017, homeaway continued to invest in offline and online brand marketing to bring more demand to its supply base and in growing its product and technology teams.
egencia adjusted ebitda increased $12 million during 2018 primarily due to an increase in revenue of $80 million as a result of adding new corporate clients and room night growth, partially offset by investments in customer service and product to
table of contents further differentiate egencia. egencia adjusted ebitda increased $14 million in 2017 primarily due to an increase in revenue of $59 million as a result of adding new corporate clients and room night growth as well as scale efficiencies, partially offset by investments in sales, product and technology.
unallocated overhead costs increased $100 million during 2018 primarily due to higher general and administrative personnel and overhead costs as well as higher technology and content expense to support investments in our ecommerce platform. unallocated overhead costs increased $15 million during 2017 primarily due to higher general and administrative professional fees as well as personnel and overhead costs, partially offset by lower technology and content expense as we lapped over an accelerated pace of technology hiring in 2016.
interest income and expense year ended december 31,                                        % change
interest income increased in 2018 compared to 2017 primarily due to interest income recognized on the san francisco pay-to-play refund mentioned above of $19 million as well as higher invested balances and to a lesser extent higher rates of return. interest income increased in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to higher invested balances and to a lesser extent higher rates of return.
interest expense increased in 2018 compared to 2017 primarily as a full year of interest on the $1 billion senior unsecured notes issued in september 2017, partially offset by lower interest expense due to the august 2018
maturity of our $500 million senior unsecured notes. interest expense increased in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily as a result of additional interest on the $1 billion senior unsecured notes issued in september 2017.
as of december 31, 2018 , 2017 and 2016 , our senior unsecured notes indebtedness totaled $3.7 billion , $4.2
other, net other, net is comprised of the following:
-in millions foreign exchange rate gains (losses),   $                        3       $  (46   )    $  (15   )
during 2018, the losses on minority equity investments, net related to fair value changes in our investment in despegar, a publicly traded company, partially offset by $33 million of gains related to minority investments without readily determinable fair values for which recently observable and orderly transactions for similar investments occurred during the year. see note 2 - significant accounting policies - recently adopted accounting policies - recognition and measurement of financial instruments for more information on the related new accounting guidance for minority equity investments adopted in 2018.
provision for income taxes year ended december 31,                                       % change
rate our effective tax rate for 2018 was lower than the 21% federal statutory rate primarily due to earnings in foreign jurisdictions outside of the united states, predominately switzerland, where our statutory income tax rate is lower, as well as
table of contents excess tax benefits related to stock-based payments and foreign-derived intangible income ("fdii"). the net increase in our effective rate for 2018 compared to 2017 was primarily driven by the tax act, the 2018 non-
deductible goodwill impairments as discussed in note 4 - fair value measurements in the notes to the consolidated financial statements and a decrease in the excess tax benefits related to stock-based payments.
our effective tax rate for 2017 was lower than the 35% federal statutory rate due to earnings in foreign jurisdictions outside of the united states well as excess tax benefits related to stock-based payments. the net increase in our effective rate for 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to one-time tax benefits in 2016
including release of a valuation allowance and return to provision true-ups, as well as an increase in losses generated in foreign jurisdictions at tax rates below the 35% federal statutory rate. the effects of the provisional income inclusion for the deemed repatriation transition tax pursuant to the tax act were negated by the benefit of the provisional remeasurement of our net deferred tax liability.
our effective tax rate for 2016 was lower than the 35% federal statutory rate due to earnings in foreign jurisdictions outside of the united states as well as the tax benefits from the adoption of new accounting guidance related to stock-based compensation and the release of valuation allowances in the united kingdom and germany on cumulative foreign net operating losses for which it is more likely than not the tax benefit will be realized.
for additional information including additional information on the impacts of the tax act, see note 10 - income taxes in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
definition and reconciliation of adjusted ebitda we report adjusted ebitda as a supplemental measure to u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap").
adjusted ebitda is among the primary metrics by which management evaluates the performance of the business and on which internal budgets are based. management believes that investors should have access to the same set of tools that management uses to analyze our results. this non-gaap measure should be considered in addition to results prepared in accordance with gaap, but should not be considered a substitute for or superior to gaap. adjusted ebitda has certain limitations in that it does not take into account the impact of certain expenses to our consolidated statements of operations. we endeavor to compensate for the limitation of the non-gaap measure presented by also providing the most directly comparable gaap measure and a description of the reconciling items and adjustments to derive the non-gaap measure. adjusted ebitda also excludes certain items related to transactional tax matters, which may ultimately be settled in cash, and we urge investors to review the detailed disclosure regarding these matters included above, in the legal proceedings section, as well as the notes to the financial statements. the non-gaap financial measure used by the company may be calculated differently from, and therefore may not be comparable to, similarly titled measures used by other companies.
(5) acquisition-related impacts, including (i) amortization of intangible assets and goodwill and intangible asset impairment, (ii) gains (losses) recognized on changes in the value of contingent consideration arrangements, if any, and (iii) upfront consideration paid to settle employee compensation plans of the acquiree, if any; (6)
that portion of gains (losses) on revenue hedging activities that are included in other, net that relate to revenue recognized in the period; and (9) depreciation.
the above items are excluded from our adjusted ebitda measure because these items are noncash in nature, or because the amount and timing of these items is unpredictable, not driven by core operating results and renders comparisons with prior periods and competitors less meaningful. we believe adjusted ebitda is a useful measure for analysts and investors to evaluate our future on-going performance as this measure allows a more meaningful comparison of our performance and projected cash earnings with our historical results from prior periods and to the results of our competitors. moreover, our management uses this measure internally to evaluate the performance of our business as a whole and our individual business segments. in addition, we believe that by excluding certain items, such as stock-
based compensation and acquisition-related impacts, adjusted ebitda corresponds more closely to the cash operating income generated from our business and allows investors to gain an understanding of the factors and trends affecting the ongoing cash earnings capabilities of our business, from which capital investments are made and debt is serviced.
table of contents the reconciliation of net income attributable to expedia group, inc. to adjusted ebitda is as follows:
operating income                                                 714            625            462
revenue recognized restructuring and related reorganization charges, excluding stock-based                                     -             17             43
amortization of intangible assets                                283            275            317
impairment of goodwill                                            86              -              -
impairment of intangible assets                                   42              -             35
financial position, liquidity and capital resources our principal sources of liquidity are cash flows generated from operations; our cash and cash equivalents and short-term investment balances, which were $2.5 billion and $3.3 billion at december 31, 2018 and 2017 , and our $2
as of december 31, 2018 , the total cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments held outside the united states was $1.2 billion ($1.0 billion in wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries and $220 million in majority-owned subsidiaries). the amount of undistributed earnings in foreign subsidiaries where the foreign subsidiary has or will invest undistributed earnings indefinitely outside of the united states, and for which future distributions could be taxable, was $104 million as of december 31, 2018. the unrecognized deferred tax liability related to the u.s. federal income tax consequences of these earnings was $22 million as of december 31, 2018.
the revolving credit facility, which was amended in 2018 to increase the borrowing capacity to $2 billion, extend the expiration to may 2023, and reduce the interest rate on loans under the facility (as disclosed herein), bears interest based on the company's credit ratings with the applicable interest rate on drawn amounts at libor plus 125
basis points and the commitment fee on undrawn amounts at 17.5 basis points as of december 31, 2018. the facility contains various restrictive covenants, including a maximum permissible leverage ratio and a minimum permissible interest coverage ratio. as of december 31, 2018 , the maximum permissible leverage ratio and the minimum interest coverage were 4.00 to 1.00 and 2.75 to 1.00, respectively.
our credit ratings are periodically reviewed by rating agencies. as of december 31, 2018 , moody's rating was ba1
with an outlook of "stable," s&p's rating was bbb with an outlook of "stable" and fitch's rating was bbb- with an outlook of "stable." changes in our operating results, cash flows, financial position, capital structure, financial policy or capital allocations to share repurchase, dividends, investments and acquisitions could impact the ratings assigned by the various rating agencies. should our credit ratings be adjusted downward, we may incur higher costs to borrow and/or limited to access to capital markets, which could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
as of december 31, 2018 , we were in compliance with the covenants and conditions in our revolving credit facility and outstanding debt, which was comprised of $750 million in registered senior unsecured notes due in august 2020
2024 that bear interest at 4.5% (the "4.5% notes"), euro 650 million of registered senior unsecured notes due in june 2022 that bear interest at 2.5% (the "2.5% notes"), $750 million of registered senior unsecured notes due in february 2026 that bear interest at 5.0% ("the 5.0% notes") and the $1 billion of registered senior unsecured notes due in february 2028 that bear interest at 3.8% ("the 3.8%
table of contents notes"). in august 2018, our $500 million in registered senior unsecured notes that bore interest at 7.456% matured and the balance was repaid.
under the merchant model, we receive cash from travelers at the time of booking and we record these amounts on our consolidated balance sheets as deferred merchant bookings. we pay our airline suppliers related to these merchant model bookings generally within a few weeks after completing the transaction, but we are liable for the full value of such transactions until the flights are completed. for most other merchant bookings, which is primarily our merchant hotel business, we generally pay after the travelers' use and, in some cases, subsequent billing from the hotel suppliers. therefore, generally we receive cash from the traveler prior to paying our supplier, and this operating cycle represents a working capital source of cash to us. as long as the merchant hotel business grows, we expect that changes in working capital related to merchant hotel transactions will positively impact operating cash flows. however, we are using both the merchant model and the agency model in many of our markets. if the merchant hotel model declines relative to our other business models that generally consume working capital such as agency hotel, managed corporate travel, advertising or certain expedia partner solutions relationships, or if there are changes to the merchant model, supplier payment terms, or booking patterns that compress the time period between our receipt of cash from travelers and our payment to suppliers, such as with mobile bookings via smartphones, our overall working capital benefits could be reduced, eliminated or even reversed. our future working capital benefits could also be impacted by homeaway's continued shift to become the merchant of record on more of its transactions.
seasonal fluctuations in our merchant hotel bookings affect the timing of our annual cash flows. during the first half of the year, hotel bookings have traditionally exceeded stays, resulting in much higher cash flow related to working capital. during the second half of the year, this pattern reverses and cash flows are typically negative.
while we expect the impact of seasonal fluctuations to continue, merchant hotel growth rates, changes to the model or booking patterns, changes in the relative mix of merchant hotel transactions compared with transactions in our working capital consuming businesses, including etp, as well as the transformation of the homeaway vacation rental listing business, may counteract or intensify the anticipated seasonal fluctuations.
as of december 31, 2018 , we had a deficit in our working capital of $2.9 billion , compared to a deficit of $2.3
billion as of december 31, 2017 . the change in the deficit was primarily due to investing and financing activities, including capital expenditures and purchase of treasury stock, partially offset by operating cash flows.
we continue to invest in the development and expansion of our operations. ongoing investments include but are not limited to improvements in infrastructure, which include our servers, networking equipment and software, release improvements to our software code, platform migrations and consolidation and search engine marketing and optimization efforts. in addition, in 2016, we began our expansion into the cloud computing environment. while our cloud computing expenses have increased and are expected to continue to increase significantly over the next few years, they are expected to result in lower overall capital expenditures related to our data centers over time. our future capital requirements may include capital needs for acquisitions (including purchases of non-controlling interest), share repurchases, dividend payments or expenditures in support of our business strategy; thus reducing our cash balance and/or increasing our debt. excluding capital expenditures associated with the build out of our new corporate headquarters, we expect total capital expenditures for full year 2019 to increase over 2018 spending levels. for the new headquarters, we expect to spend approximately $900 million. of the total, approximately $30
and 2020, we expect to spend $425 to $475 million and $135 to $185 million, respectively. however, the timing of spend could shift as we progress toward completion of the project and total spend estimates could increase due to impacts from any additional tariffs.
year ended december 31,                                             $ change
operating       $           1,975       $   1,845       $  1,549       $           130       $           296
activities effect of foreign exchange rate changes                      (139  )          147            (35  )               (286  )                182
on cash and cash equivalents in 2018 , net cash provided by operating activities increased by $130 million primarily due to higher operating income after adjusting for impacts of depreciation, amortization, and impairments and a refund of "pay-to-play"
hotel occupancy tax amounts, partially offset by a decrease in benefits from working capital changes, including lower merchant liability benefits
table of contents and higher cash paid for taxes. in 2017 , net cash provided by operating activities increased by $296 million primarily due to increased benefits from working capital changes driven mostly from a change in merchant liabilities.
in 2018 , $1,022 million less cash was used in investing activities primarily due to net sales of investments of
$334 million in the current year compared to net purchases of investments of $715 million in the prior year and higher cash used for acquisitions in 2017, partially offset by higher current year capital expenditures primarily related to our new corporate headquarters. in 2017 , cash used in investing activities increased by $863 million due to net purchase of investments of $715 million in 2017 compared to cash provided by net sales of investments of
$16 million in 2016 and an increase of cash used for acquisitions of $168 million in 2017. these increases were partially offset by $6 million cash inflow in the 2017 due to the net settlement of foreign currency forwards compared to $53 million cash outflow in 2016 as well as lower capital expenditures of $39 million in 2017.
cash used in financing activities in 2018 primarily included cash paid to acquire shares of $923 million , including the repurchased shares under the authorizations discussed below, the $500 million long-term debt repayment and a $186 million cash dividend payment, partially offset by $166 million of proceeds from the exercise of options and employee stock purchase plans. cash provided by financing activities in 2017 primarily included $990
million of net proceeds from the issuance of 3.8% notes as well as $229 million of proceeds from the exercise of options and employee stock purchase plans, partially offset by cash paid to acquire shares of $312 million and a
$176 million cash dividend payment. cash used in financing activities in 2016 primarily included cash paid to acquire shares of $456 million, the repayment of $401 million of homeaway convertible notes and $150 million cash dividend payment, partially offset by $215 million of net proceeds from the initial public offering of trivago as well as $141 million of proceeds from the exercise of options and employee stock purchase plans.
during 2012, 2010, and 2006, our board of directors, or the executive committee, acting on behalf of the board of directors, authorized a repurchase of up to 20 million outstanding shares of our common stock during each of the respective years, during 2015 authorized a repurchase of up to 10 million shares of our common stock, and during
2018 authorized a repurchase of up to 15 million shares of our common stock for a total of 85 million shares.
shares repurchased under the authorized programs were as follows:
number of shares repurchased                  7.7 million       2.3 million       4.0 million average price per share        $                   117.02    $       127.04    $       109.64
total cost of repurchases (in  $                      903    $          294    $          436
as of december 31, 2018 , 12.2 million shares remain authorized for repurchase under the 2018 authorization with no fixed termination date for the repurchases.
see note 12 - stockholders' equity in the notes to consolidated financial statements for a detail of the quarterly dividend payments by year. in addition, in february 2019 , the executive committee, acting on behalf of the board of directors, declared a quarterly cash dividend of $ 0.32 per share of outstanding common stock payable on march
27, 2019 to the stockholders of record as of the close of business on march 7, 2019 . future declarations of dividends are subject to final determination by our board of directors.
foreign exchange rate changes resulted in a reduction of our cash balances denominated in foreign currency in 2018
of $139 million reflecting net depreciations in foreign currencies during 2018 . foreign exchange rate changes resulted in increases in our cash balances denominated in foreign currency in 2017 of $147 million reflecting net appreciations in foreign currencies during 2017. foreign exchange rate changes resulted in reduction in our cash balances denominated in foreign currency in 2016 of $35 million reflecting net depreciations in foreign currencies during 2016.
in our opinion, available cash, funds from operations and available borrowings will provide sufficient capital resources to meet our foreseeable liquidity needs. there can be no assurance, however, that the cost of availability of future borrowings, including refinancing, if any, will be available on terms acceptable to us.
table of contents contractual obligations and commercial commitments the following table presents our material contractual obligations and commercial commitments as of december 31,
letters of credit(4)                   28              13                 11                  -               4
(1)  2020, 2022, 2024, 2026 and 2028 respectively, based on the stated fixed rates. for the 2.5% notes, thedecember 31, 2018euro exchange rate was used to convert the euro 650 million to u.s. dollars and calculate the related u.s. dollar interest payments.
property leases include operating leases for office space and related office equipment as well as leases
(2)  that have been accounted for as build-to-suit lease arrangements. we account for these leases on a monthly basis. certain leases contain periodic rent escalation adjustments and renewal options. lease obligations expire at various dates with the latest maturity in2031.
our purchase obligations represent the minimum obligations we have under agreements with certain of our
(3)  vendors and marketing partners. these minimum obligations are less than our projected use for those periods. payments may be more than the minimum obligations based on actual use.
guarantees and locs are commitments that represent funding responsibilities that may require our performance in the event of third-party demands or contingent events. we use our stand-by locs primarily for certain regulatory purposes as well as to secure payment for hotel room transactions to particular hotel properties. of the outstanding balance of our stand-by locs,$15 milliondirectly reduces the amount
(4)  available to us from our revolving credit facility. the loc amounts in the above table represent the amount of commitment expiration per period. in addition, we provide a guarantee to the aviation authorities of certain foreign countries to protect against potential non-delivery of our packaged travel services sold within those countries. these countries hold all travel agents and tour companies to the same standard. our guarantees also include bonds relating to tax assessments that we are contesting and certain surety bonds related to various company performance obligations.
(5)  excludes $230 million of net unrecognized tax benefits for which we cannot make a reasonably reliable estimate of the amount and period of payment.
other than the items described above, we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2018 .
certain relationships and related party transactions for a discussion of certain relationships and related party transactions, see note 17 - related party transactions in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk