item 1a. risk factors risk factors we operate in a rapidly changing environment that involves a number of risks, some of which are beyond our control. you should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below together with the other information included in this annual report on form 10-k, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k, in evaluating our company. the occurrence of any of the following risks may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.
risks relating to our business the potential loss or delay of our large contracts or of multiple contracts could adversely affect our results.
most of our research & development solutions clients can terminate our contracts upon 30 to 90 days notice. our clients may delay, terminate or reduce the scope of our contracts for a variety of reasons beyond our control, including but not limited to:
•   decisions to forego or terminate a particular clinical trial;
•   lack of available financing, budgetary limits or changing priorities;
•   production problems resulting in shortages of the drug being tested;
•   failure of products being tested to satisfy safety requirements or efficacy criteria;
•   unexpected or undesired clinical results for products;
•   shift of business to a competitor or internal resources;
•   product withdrawal following market launch; or
•   shut down of manufacturing facilities.
as a result, contract terminations, delays and alterations are a regular part of our research & development solutions business. in the event of termination, our contracts often provide for fees for winding down the project, but these fees may not be sufficient for us to maintain our margins, and termination may result in lower resource utilization rates. in addition, we will not realize the full benefits of our backlog of contractually committed services if our clients cancel, delay or reduce their commitments under our contracts with them, which may occur if, among other things, a client decides to shift its business to a competitor or revoke our status as a preferred provider. thus, the loss or delay of a large contract or the loss or delay of multiple contracts could adversely affect our revenues and profitability. we believe the risk of loss or delay of multiple contracts potentially has greater effect where we are party to broader partnering arrangements with global biopharmaceutical companies.
we depend on third parties for data and support services. our suppliers or providers might restrict our use of or refuse to license data or provide services, which could lead to our inability to access certain data or provide certain services and, as a result, materially and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
each of our technology & analytics solutions information services is derived from data we collect from third parties. these data suppliers are numerous and diverse, reflecting the broad scope of information that we collect and use in our business.
although we typically enter into long-term contractual arrangements with many of these suppliers of data, at the time of entry into a new contract or renewal of an existing contract, suppliers may increase restrictions on our use of such data, increase the price they charge us for data or refuse altogether to license the data to us. in addition, during the term of any data supply contract, suppliers may fail to adhere to our data quality control standards or fail to deliver data. further, although no single individual data supplier is material to our business, if a number of suppliers collectively representing a significant amount of data that we use for one or more of our services were to impose additional contractual restrictions on our use of or access to data, fail to adhere to our quality-control standards, repeatedly fail to deliver data or refuse to provide data, now or in the future, our ability to provide those services to our clients could be materially adversely impacted, which may harm our operating results and financial condition.
additionally, we depend on third parties for support services to our business. such support services include, but are not limited to, third-party transportation providers, suppliers of drugs for patients participating in clinical trials, suppliers of kits for use in our clinical trial laboratories business, suppliers of reagents for use in our testing equipment and providers of maintenance contracts for our equipment. the failure of any of these third parties to adequately provide the critical support services could have a material adverse effect on our business.
if we fail to perform our services in accordance with contractual requirements, regulatory standards and ethical considerations, we could be subject to significant costs or liability and our reputation could be harmed.
we contract with biopharmaceutical companies to perform a wide range of services to assist them in bringing new drugs to market. our services include monitoring clinical trials, data and laboratory analysis, electronic data capture, patient recruitment and other related services, and we perform these services in a number of ways, including through physical and technology-enabled efforts. such services are complex and subject to contractual requirements, regulatory standards and ethical considerations. for example, we must adhere to regulatory requirements such as the fda and current gcp and good laboratory practice requirements. if we fail to perform our services in accordance with these requirements, regulatory agencies may take action against us for failure to comply with applicable regulations governing clinical trials or sales and marketing practices. such actions may include sanctions, such as injunctions or failure of such regulatory authorities to grant marketing approval of products, delay, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, license revocation, product seizures or recalls, operational restrictions, civil or criminal penalties or prosecutions, damages or fines. clients may also bring claims against us for breach of our contractual obligations and patients in the clinical trials and patients taking drugs approved on the basis of those clinical trials may bring personal injury claims against us for negligence. any such action could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and reputation.
improper performance of our services. the performance of clinical development services is complex and time-consuming. for example, we may make mistakes in conducting a clinical trial that could negatively impact or obviate the usefulness of the clinical trial or cause the results of the clinical trial to be reported improperly. if the clinical trial results are compromised, we could be subject to significant costs or liability, which could have an adverse impact on our ability to perform our services. as examples:
•   non-compliance generally could result in the termination of ongoing clinical trials or sales and marketing projects or the disqualification of data for submission to regulatory authorities;
•   compromise of data from a particular clinical trial, such as failure to verify that informed consent was obtained from patients, could require us to repeat the clinical trial under the terms of our contract at no further cost to our client, but at a substantial cost to us; and
•   breach of a contractual term could result in liability for damages or termination of the contract.
large clinical trials can cost up to hundreds of millions of dollars, and while we endeavor to contractually limit our exposure to such risks, improper performance of our services could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, damage our reputation and result in the cancellation of current contracts by or failure to obtain future contracts from the affected client or other clients.
investigation of clients. from time to time, one or more of our clients are audited or investigated by regulatory authorities or enforcement agencies with respect to regulatory compliance of their clinical trials, programs or the marketing and sale of their drugs. in these situations, we have often provided services to our clients with respect to the clinical trials, programs or activities being audited or investigated, and we are called upon to respond to requests for information by the authorities and agencies. there is a risk that either our clients or regulatory authorities could claim that we performed our services improperly or that we are responsible for clinical trial or program compliance. if our clients or regulatory authorities make such claims against us and prove them, we could be subject to damages, fines or penalties. in addition, negative publicity regarding regulatory compliance of our clients' clinical trials, programs or drugs could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation.
insufficient client funding to complete a clinical trial. as noted above, clinical trials can cost hundreds of millions of dollars. there is a risk that we may initiate a clinical trial for a client, and then the client becomes unwilling or unable to fund the completion of the clinical trial. in such a situation, notwithstanding the client's ability or willingness to pay for or otherwise facilitate the completion of the clinical trial, we may be ethically bound to complete or wind down the clinical trial at our own expense.
security breaches and unauthorized use of our it systems and information, or the it systems or information in the possession of our vendors, could expose us, our clients, our data suppliers or others to risk of loss.
we rely upon the security of our computer and communications systems infrastructure to protect us from cyberattacks and unauthorized access. cyberattacks can include malware, computer viruses, hacking or other significant disruption of our computer, communications and related systems. cyber threats are rapidly evolving and are becoming increasingly sophisticated. despite our efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems, as cyber threats evolve and become more difficult to detect and successfully defend against, one or more cyber threats might defeat the measures that we or our vendors take to anticipate, detect, avoid or mitigate such threats. certain techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, introduce malicious software, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems may be designed to remain dormant until a triggering event and we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures since techniques change frequently or are not recognized until launched, and because cyberattacks can originate from a wide variety of sources. although we take steps to manage and avoid these risks and to prevent their recurrence, our preventive and remedial actions may not be successful. such attacks, whether successful or unsuccessful, could result in our incurring costs related to, for example, rebuilding internal systems, defending against litigation, responding to regulatory inquiries or actions, paying damages or fines, or taking other remedial steps with respect to third parties. publicity about vulnerabilities and attempted or successful incursions could damage our reputation with clients and data suppliers and reduce demand for our services.
we also store proprietary and sensitive information in connection with our business, which could be compromised by a cyberattack. to the extent that any disruption or security breach results in a loss or damage to our data, an inappropriate disclosure of proprietary or sensitive information, an inability to access data sources, or an inability to process data or provide our offerings to our clients, it could cause significant damage to our reputation, affect our relationships with our data suppliers and clients (including loss of suppliers and clients), lead to claims against us and ultimately harm our business. we may be required to incur significant costs to alleviate, remedy or protect against damage caused by these disruptions or security breaches in the future. we may also face inquiry or increased scrutiny from government agencies as a result of any such disruption or breach. while we have insurance coverage for certain instances of a cyber security breach, our coverage may not be sufficient if we suffer a significant attack or multiple attacks. any such breach or disruption could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and our reputation as a provider of mission-critical services.
some of our vendors have significant responsibility for the security of certain of our data centers and computer-based platforms. also, our data suppliers have responsibility for security of their own computer and communications environments. these third parties face risks relating to cyber security similar to ours, which could disrupt their businesses and therefore materially impact ours. accordingly, we are subject to any flaw in or breaches to their computer and communications systems or those that they operate for us, which could result in a material adverse effect on our business, operations and financial results.
failure to meet productivity objectives under our internal business transformation initiatives could adversely impact our competitiveness and harm our operating results.
we are pursuing business transformation initiatives to update technology, increase innovation and obtain operating efficiencies. as part of these initiatives, we seek to improve our productivity, flexibility, quality, functionality and cost savings by investing in the development and implementation of global platforms and integration of our business processes and functions to achieve economies of scale. for example, we are evaluating our site activation processes and procedures, including technology enablement platforms, and implementing changes to accelerate site start-up timelines and provide greater transparency to clients and investigator sites. these various initiatives may not yield their intended gains, or be completed in timely manner, which may impact our competitiveness and our ability to meet our growth objectives and, as a result, materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition.
if we are unsuccessful at investing in growth opportunities, our business could be materially and adversely affected.
we continue to invest significantly in growth opportunities, including the development and acquisition of new data, technologies and services to meet our clients' needs. for example, we are expanding our services and technology offerings, such as the development of a cloud-based platform with a growing number of applications to support commercial operations for life sciences companies (e.g., multi-channel marketing, marketing campaign management, customer relationship management, incentive compensation management, targeting and segmentation, performance management and other applications). we also continue to invest significantly in growth opportunities in emerging markets, such as the development, launch and enhancement of services in china, india, russia, turkey, and other countries. we believe healthcare spending in these emerging markets will continue to grow over the next five years, and we consider our presence in these markets to be an important focus of our growth strategy.
there is no assurance that our investment plans or growth strategy will be successful or will produce a sufficient or any return on our investments. further, if we are unable to develop new technologies and services, clients do not purchase our new technologies and services, our new technologies and services do not work as intended or there are delays in the availability or adoption of our new technologies and services, then we may not be able to grow our business or growth may occur slower than anticipated. additionally, although we expect continued growth in healthcare spending in emerging markets, such spending may occur more slowly or not at all, and we may not benefit from our investments in these markets.
we plan to fund growth opportunities with cash from operations or from future financings. there can be no assurance that those sources will be available in sufficient amounts to fund future growth opportunities when needed.
any of the foregoing could have a material and adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
data protection, privacy and similar laws in the united states and around the world restrict access, use and disclosure of personal information, and failure to comply with or adapt to changes in these laws could materially and adversely harm our business.
the confidentiality, collection, use and disclosure of personal data, including individually identifiable health information and clinical trial patient-specific information, are subject to governmental regulation generally in the country that the personal data were collected or used. for example, united states federal regulations under the health insurance portability and accountability act of 1996 ("hipaa") create specific requirements for the protection of the privacy and security of individual health information. these provisions apply to both "covered entities" (primarily health care providers and health insurers) and their "business associates" or service providers.  as there are some instances where we are a hipaa "business associate" of a "covered entity," we can be directly liable for mishandling protected health information. under hipaa's enforcement scheme, we can be subject to significant penalties in connection with hipaa violations, along with the potential for significant other expenditures related to these activities. these rules require individuals' written authorization in many situations, in addition to any required informed consent, before protected health information may be used for research. we are both directly and indirectly affected by the privacy provisions surrounding individual authorizations because many investigators with whom we are involved in clinical trials are directly subject to them as a hipaa "covered entity" and because we obtain identifiable health information from third parties that are subject to such regulations. the laws and regulations related to the protection of personal health information in connection with research activities are under re-evaluation, particularly in the united states, and changes to these regulations could have a material adverse impact on our ability to provide some of our services in their current form or maintain our profitability. in general, patient health information is among the most sensitive (and highly regulated) of personal information and laws and regulations around the united states and the world are designed to ensure that information about an individual's healthcare is properly protected from inappropriate access, use and disclosure. laws restricting access, use and disclosure of patient health information also include the european union's ("eu") general data protection regulation, canada's personal information protection and electronic documents act and other data protection, privacy, data security and similar national, state/provincial and local laws. in the eu personal data includes any information that relates to an identified or identifiable natural person with health information carrying additional obligations, including obtaining the explicit consent from the individual for collection, use or disclosure of the information. in addition, we are subject to eu rules with respect to cross-border transfers of such data out of the eu (along with similar data transfer requirements in other countries). the united states, the eu and its member states, and other countries where we have operations, such as china, japan, malaysia, philippines, russia, south korea and singapore, continue to issue new privacy and data protection rules and regulations that relate to personal data and health information.
we have established frameworks, models, processes and technologies to manage privacy and security for many data types, from a variety of sources, and under myriad privacy and data protection laws worldwide. in addition, we rely on our data suppliers to deliver information to us in a form and in a manner that complies with applicable privacy and data protection laws. these laws are complex and there is no assurance that the safeguards and controls employed by us or our data suppliers will be sufficient to prevent a breach of these laws, or that claims will not be filed against us or our data suppliers despite such safeguards and controls. failure to comply with such laws, certain certification/registration and annual re-certification/registration provisions associated with these data protection and privacy regulations, and similar rules in various jurisdictions, or to resolve any serious privacy complaints, may result in, among other things, regulatory sanctions, criminal prosecution, civil liability, negative publicity, damage to our reputation, or data being blocked from use or liability under contractual provisions. for example, in july 2015, indictments were issued by the seoul central district prosecutors' office in south korea against ims korea and two of its employees, among others, alleging improper handling of sensitive health information in violation of applicable privacy laws. see item 3 "legal proceedings" for additional information.
laws and expectations relating to privacy continue to evolve, and we continue to adapt to changing needs. for example, the definition of "personally identifiable information" and "personal data" continues to evolve and broaden and many new laws and regulations are being enacted. in addition, certain long-established programs have been (or are at risk of being) declared invalid (such as the eu-u.s. safe harbor framework that operated for many years but was struck down by european courts in 2015), so that this area remains in a state of flux. changes to these programs may adversely impact our ability to provide services to our clients or develop new products or services. federal, state and foreign governments are contemplating or have proposed or adopted additional legislation governing the collection, possession, use or dissemination of personal data, such as personal health information, and personal financial data as well as security breach notification rules for loss or theft of such data. additional legislation or regulation of this type might, among other things, require us to implement new security measures and processes or bring within the legislation other personal data not currently regulated, each of which may require substantial expenditures or limit our ability to offer some of our services. additionally, changes in these laws (including newly released interpretations of these laws by courts and regulatory bodies) may limit our data access, use and disclosure, and may require increased expenditures by us or may dictate that we not offer certain types of services. any of the foregoing may have a material adverse impact on our ability to provide services to our clients or maintain our profitability.
there is ongoing concern from privacy advocates, regulators and others regarding data protection and privacy issues, and the number of jurisdictions with data protection and privacy laws has been increasing. also, there are ongoing public policy discussions regarding whether the standards for de-identified, anonymous or pseudonymized health information are sufficient, and the risk of re-identification sufficiently small, to adequately protect patient privacy. these discussions may lead to further restrictions on the use of such information. there can be no assurance that these initiatives or future initiatives will not adversely affect our ability to access and use data or to develop or market current or future services.
data protection, privacy and similar laws protect more than patient information, and although they vary by jurisdiction, these laws can extend to employee information, business contact information, provider information and other information relating to identifiable individuals. failure to comply with these laws may result in, among other things, civil and criminal liability, negative publicity, damage to our reputation and liability under contractual provisions. in addition, compliance with such laws may require increased costs to us or may dictate that we not offer certain types of services.
the occurrence of any of the foregoing could impact our ability to provide the same level of service to our clients, require us to modify our offerings or increase our costs, which could materially and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
our success depends on our ability to protect our intellectual property rights.
our success depends, in part, upon our ability to develop, use and protect our proprietary methodologies, analytics, systems, technologies and other intellectual property. existing laws of the various countries in which we provide services or solutions offer only limited protection of our intellectual property rights, and the protection in some countries may be very limited. we rely upon a combination of trade secrets, confidentiality policies, nondisclosure, invention assignment and other contractual arrangements, and patent, copyright and trademark laws, to protect our intellectual property rights. these laws are subject to change at any time and certain agreements may not be fully enforceable, which could further restrict our ability to protect our innovations. our intellectual property rights may not prevent competitors from independently developing services similar to or duplicative of ours. further, the steps we take in this regard might not be adequate to prevent or deter infringement or other misappropriation of our intellectual property by competitors, former employees or other third parties, and we might not be able to detect unauthorized use of, or take appropriate and timely steps to enforce, our intellectual property rights.
our ability to obtain, protect and enforce our intellectual property rights is subject to general litigation or third-party opposition risks, as well as the uncertainty as to the scope of protection, registrability, patentability, validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights in each applicable country. governments may adopt regulations, and government agencies or courts may render decisions, requiring compulsory licensing of intellectual property rights. when we seek to enforce our intellectual property rights we may be subject to claims that the intellectual property rights are invalid or unenforceable. litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights and to protect our confidential and proprietary information. litigation brought to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly, time consuming and distracting to management and could result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property rights. furthermore, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. our inability to protect our proprietary technology against unauthorized copying or use, as well as any costly litigation or diversion of our management's attention and resources, could delay further sales or the implementation of our solutions, impair the functionality of our solutions, delay introductions of new solutions, result in our substituting inferior or more costly technologies into our solutions, or injure our reputation and harm our operating results and financial condition.
the theft or unauthorized use or publication of our trade secrets and other confidential business information could reduce the differentiation of our services and harm our business; the value of our investment in development or business acquisitions could be reduced; and third parties might make claims against us related to losses of their confidential or proprietary information. in addition, we may not be able to discover or determine the extent of any unauthorized use of our proprietary rights. third parties that license our proprietary rights also may take actions that diminish the value of our proprietary rights or reputation. the protection of our intellectual property may require the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources. moreover, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property may not adequately protect our rights or prevent third parties from infringing or misappropriating our proprietary rights. these incidents and claims could harm our business, reduce revenue, increase expenses and harm our reputation.
third parties may assert claims that we or our clients infringe their intellectual property rights and these claims, with or without merit, could be expensive to litigate, cause us to incur substantial costs and divert management resources and attention in defending the claim. in some jurisdictions, plaintiffs can also seek injunctive relief that may limit the operation of our business or prevent the marketing and selling of our services that infringe on the plaintiff's intellectual property rights. to resolve these claims, we may enter into licensing agreements with restrictive terms or significant fees, stop selling, be required to implement costly redesigns to the affected services, or pay damages to satisfy contractual obligations to others. if we do not resolve these claims in advance of a trial, there is no guarantee that we will be successful in court. these outcomes may have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition.
in addition, certain contracts with our suppliers or clients contain provisions whereby we indemnify, subject to certain limitations, the counterparty for damages suffered as a result of claims related to intellectual property infringement and the use of data. claims made under these provisions could be expensive to litigate and could result in significant payments.
we rely on licenses from third parties to certain technology and intellectual property rights for some of our services and the licenses we currently have could terminate or expire.
some of our business services rely on technology or intellectual property rights owned and controlled by others. our licenses to this technology or these intellectual property rights could be terminated or could expire. we may be unable to replace these licenses in a timely manner. failure to renew these licenses, or renewals of these licenses on less advantageous terms, could harm our operating results and financial condition.
our financial results may be adversely affected if we underprice our contracts, overrun our cost estimates or fail to receive approval for or experience delays in documenting change orders.
most of our research & development solutions contracts are either fee for service contracts or fixed-fee contracts. our past financial results have been, and our future financial results may be, adversely impacted if we initially underprice our contracts or otherwise overrun our cost estimates and are unable to successfully negotiate a change order. change orders typically occur when the scope of work we perform needs to be modified from that originally contemplated by our contract with the client. modifications can occur, for example, when there is a change in a key clinical trial assumption or parameter or a significant change in timing. where we are not successful in converting out-of-scope work into change orders under our current contracts, we bear the cost of the additional work. such underpricing, significant cost overruns or delay in documentation of change orders could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
the relationship of backlog to revenues varies over time.
backlog represents future revenues for our research & development solutions business from work not yet completed or performed under signed binding commitments and signed contracts. once work begins on a project, revenue is recognized over the duration of the project. projects may be terminated or delayed by the client or delayed by regulatory authorities for reasons beyond our control. to the extent projects are delayed, the timing of our revenue could be affected. in the event that a client cancels a contract, we typically would be entitled to receive payment for all services performed up to the cancellation date and subsequent client-authorized services related to terminating the canceled project. typically, however, we have no contractual right to the full amount of the revenue reflected in our backlog in the event of a contract cancellation. the duration of the projects included in our backlog, and the related revenue recognition, range from a few weeks to many years. our backlog may not be indicative of our future revenues from our research & development solutions business, and we may not realize all the anticipated future revenue reflected in our backlog. a number of factors may affect backlog, including:
•   the size, complexity and duration of the projects;
•   the percentage of full services versus functional services;
•   the cancellation or delay of projects; and
•   change in the scope of work during the course of a project.
although an increase in backlog will generally result in an increase in revenues to be recognized over time (depending on the level of cancellations), an increase in backlog at a particular point in time does not necessarily correspond directly to an increase in revenues during a particular period. the extent to which contracts in backlog will result in revenue depends on many factors, including but not limited to delivery against projected schedules, the need for scope changes (change orders), contract cancellations and the nature, duration, size, complexity and phase of the contracts, each of which factors can vary significantly from time to time.
the rate at which our backlog converts to revenue may vary over time for a variety of reasons. the revenue recognition on larger, more global projects could be slower than on smaller, less global projects for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to an extended period of negotiation between the time the project is awarded to us and the actual execution of the contract, as well as an increased timeframe for obtaining the necessary regulatory approvals. additionally, the increased complexity of clinical trials and the need to enroll precise patient populations could extend the length of clinical trials causing revenue to be recognized over a longer period of time. further, delayed projects will remain in backlog, unless otherwise canceled by the client, and will not generate revenue at the rate originally expected. thus, the relationship of backlog to realized revenues may vary over time.
our business depends on the continued effectiveness and availability of our information systems, including the information systems we use to provide our services to our clients, and failures of these systems may materially limit our operations.
due to the global nature of our business and our reliance on information systems to provide our services, we intend to increase our use of web-enabled and other integrated information systems in delivering our services. we also provide access to similar information systems to certain of our clients in connection with the services we provide them. as the breadth and complexity of our information systems continue to grow, we will increasingly be exposed to the risks inherent in the development, integration and ongoing operation of evolving information systems, including:
•   disruption, impairment or failure of data centers, telecommunications facilities or other key infrastructure platforms;
•   security breaches of, cyberattacks on and other failures or malfunctions in our critical application systems or their associated hardware; and
•   excessive costs, excessive delays or other deficiencies in systems development and deployment.
the materialization of any of these risks may impede the processing of data, the delivery of databases and services, and the day-to-day management of our business and could result in the corruption, loss or unauthorized disclosure of proprietary, confidential or other data. while we have disaster recovery plans in place, they might not adequately protect us in the event of a system failure. while many of our operations have disaster recovery plans in place, we currently do not have excess or standby computer processing or network capacity everywhere in the world to avoid disruption in the receipt, processing and delivery of data in the event of a system failure. despite any precautions we take, damage from fire, floods, hurricanes, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, break-ins and similar events at our various computer facilities could result in interruptions in the flow of data to our servers and from our servers to our clients. corruption or loss of data may result in the need to repeat a clinical trial at no cost to the client, but at significant cost to us, the termination of a contract or damage to our reputation.
in addition, any failure by our computer environment to provide sufficient processing or network capacity to transfer data could result in interruptions in our service. in the event of a delay in the delivery of data, we could be required to transfer our data collection operations to an alternative provider of server hosting services. such a transfer could result in significant delays in our ability to deliver services to our clients and increase our costs. additionally, significant delays in system enhancements or inadequate performance of new or upgraded systems once completed could damage our reputation and harm our business. finally, long-term disruptions in the infrastructure caused by events such as natural disasters, the outbreak of war, the escalation of hostilities and acts of terrorism, particularly involving cities in which we have offices, could adversely affect our businesses. although we carry property and business interruption insurance, our coverage might not be adequate to compensate us for all losses that may occur.
we have continued to undertake significant programs to optimize business processes with respect to our services. our inability to effectively manage the implementation and adapt to new processes designed into new or upgraded systems in a timely and cost-effective manner may result in disruption to our business and negatively affect our operations.
we have entered into agreements with certain vendors to provide systems development and integration services that develop or license to us the it platform for programs to optimize our business processes. if such vendors fail to perform as required or if there are substantial delays in developing, implementing and updating the it platform, our client delivery may be impaired, and we may have to make substantial further investments, internally or with third parties, to achieve our objectives. additionally, our progress may be limited by parties with existing or claimed patents who seek to enjoin us from using preferred technology or seek license payments from us. meeting our objectives is dependent on a number of factors which may not take place as we anticipate, including obtaining adequate technology-enabled services, creating it-enabled services that our clients will find desirable and implementing our business model with respect to these services. also, increased it-related expenditures may negatively impact our profitability.
we may experience challenges with the acquisition, development, enhancement or deployment of technology necessary for our business.
we operate in businesses that require sophisticated computer systems and software for data collection, data processing, cloud-based platforms, analytics, cryptography, statistical projections and forecasting, mobile computing, social media analytics and other applications and technologies, particularly in our technology & analytics solutions and research & development solutions businesses. we seek to address our technology risks by increasing our reliance on the use of innovations by cross-industry technology leaders and adapt these for our biopharmaceutical and healthcare industry clients. some of these technologies supporting the industries we serve are changing rapidly and we must continue to adapt to these changes in a timely and effective manner at an acceptable cost. we also must continue to deliver data to our clients in forms that are easy to use while simultaneously providing clear answers to complex questions. there can be no guarantee that we will be able to develop, acquire or integrate new technologies, that these new technologies will meet our clients' needs or achieve expected investment goals, or that we will be able to do so as quickly or cost-effectively as our competitors. significant technological change could render certain of our services obsolete. moreover, the introduction of new services embodying new technologies could render certain of our existing services obsolete. our continued success will depend on our ability to adapt to changing technologies, manage and process ever-increasing amounts of data and information and improve the performance, features and reliability of our services in response to changing client and industry demands. we may experience difficulties that could delay or prevent the successful design, development, testing, introduction or marketing of our services. new services, or enhancements to existing services, may not adequately meet the requirements of current and prospective clients or achieve any degree of significant market acceptance. these types of failures could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
consolidation in the industries in which our clients operate may reduce the volume of services purchased by consolidated clients following an acquisition or merger, which could materially harm our operating results and financial condition.
mergers or consolidations among our clients have in the past and could in the future reduce the number of our clients and potential clients. when companies consolidate, overlapping services previously purchased separately are usually purchased only once by the combined entity, leading to loss of revenue. other services that were previously purchased by one of the merged or consolidated entities may be deemed unnecessary or cancelled. if our clients merge with or are acquired by other entities that are not our clients, or that use fewer of our services, they may discontinue or reduce their use of our services. there can be no assurance as to the degree to which we may be able to address the revenue impact of such consolidation. any of these developments could materially harm our operating results and financial condition.
although we did not have any client that represented 10% or more of our revenues in 2018, 2017 and 2016, we derive the majority of our revenues from a number of large clients. if any large client decreases or terminates its relationship with us, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
additionally, conducting multiple clinical trials for different clients in a single therapeutic class involving drugs with the same or similar chemical action has in the past and may in the future adversely affect our business if some or all of the clinical trials are canceled because of new scientific information or regulatory judgments that affect the drugs as a class or if industry consolidation results in the rationalization of drug development pipelines. similarly, marketing and selling drugs for different biopharmaceutical companies with similar chemical actions subjects us to risk if new scientific information or regulatory judgment prejudices the drugs as a class, which may lead to compelled or voluntary prescription limitations or withdrawal of some or all of such drugs from the market.
our business is subject to international economic, political and other risks that could negatively affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we have significant operations in countries that may require complex arrangements to deliver services throughout the world for our clients. additionally, we have established operations in locations remote from our most developed business centers. as a result, we are subject to heightened risks inherent in conducting business internationally, including the following:
•   required compliance with a variety of local laws and regulations which may be materially different than those to which we are subject in the united states or which may change unexpectedly; for example, conducting a single clinical trial across multiple countries is complex, and issues in one country, such as a failure to comply with local regulations or restrictions, may affect the progress of the clinical trial in the other countries, for example, by limiting the amount of data necessary for a clinical trial to proceed, resulting in delays or potential cancellation of contracts, which in turn may result in loss of revenue;
•   the united states or foreign countries could enact legislation or impose regulations or other restrictions, including unfavorable labor regulations, tax policies or economic sanctions, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to conduct business in or expatriate profits from the countries in which we operate, including hiring, retaining and overseeing qualified management personnel for managing operations in multiple countries, differing employment practices and labor issues, and tax-related risks, including the imposition of taxes and the lack of beneficial treaties, that result in a higher effective tax rate for us;
•   the regulatory or judicial authorities of foreign countries may not enforce legal rights and recognize business procedures in a manner in which we are accustomed or would reasonably expect;
•   local, economic, political and social conditions, including potential hyperinflationary conditions, political instability, and potential nationalization, repatriation, expropriation, price controls or other restrictive government actions, including changes in political and economic conditions may lead to changes in the business environment in which we operate, as well as changes in foreign currency exchange rates;
•   immigration laws are subject to legislative change and varying standards of application and enforcement due to political forces, economic conditions or other events (including proposals in the u.s. to change limitations on temporary and permanent workers), and local immigration laws may require us to meet certain other legal requirements as a condition to obtaining or maintaining entry visas, which may impact our ability to provide services to our clients;
•   potential violations of local laws or anti-bribery laws, such as the united states foreign corrupt practices act ("fcpa"), and the uk bribery act, may cause difficulty in managing foreign operations, as well as significant consequences to us if those laws are violated;
•   regulatory changes and economic conditions leading up to and following the uk's likely exit from the eu ("brexit"), including uncertainties as to its effect on trade laws, tariffs, instability and volatility in the global financial and currency markets, conflicting or redundant regulatory regimes in europe, such as the european medicines agency ("ema") possible relocation from uk to a country within the european union, and political stability;
•   natural disasters, pandemics or international conflict, including terrorist acts, could interrupt our services, endanger our personnel or cause project delays or loss of clinical trial materials or results.
these risks and uncertainties could negatively impact our ability to, among other things, perform large, global projects for our clients. furthermore, our ability to deal with these issues could be affected by applicable united states laws and the need to protect our assets. any such risks could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
exchange rate fluctuations may affect our results of operations and financial condition.
because a large portion of our revenues and expenses are denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar and our financial statements are reported in united states dollars, changes in foreign currency exchange rates could significantly affect our results of operations and financial condition. exchange rate fluctuations between local currencies and the united states dollar create risk in several ways, including:
•   foreign currency translation risk. the revenue and expenses of our foreign operations are generally denominated in local currencies and translated into united states dollars for financial reporting purposes. accordingly, exchange rate fluctuations will affect the translation of foreign results into united states dollars for purposes of reporting our consolidated results.
•   foreign currency transaction risk. we are subject to foreign currency transaction risk for fluctuations in exchange rates during the period of time between the consummation and cash settlement of a transaction. we earn revenue from our service contracts over a period of several months and, in some cases, over several years. accordingly, exchange rate fluctuations during this period may affect our profitability with respect to such contracts.
we may limit these risks through exchange rate fluctuation provisions stated in our service contracts, or we may hedge our transaction risk with foreign currency exchange contracts or options. we have not, however, hedged all of our foreign currency transaction risk, and we may experience fluctuations in financial results from our operations outside the united states and foreign currency transaction risk associated with our service contracts.
due to the global nature of our business, we may be exposed to liabilities under anti-corruption laws, including the united states foreign corrupt practices act, the united kingdom bribery act and various international anti-corruption laws, and any allegation or determination that we violated these laws could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we are required to comply with the fcpa, the uk bribery act and other international anti-corruption laws, which prohibit companies from engaging in bribery including corruptly or improperly offering, promising, or providing money or anything else of value to non-united states officials and certain other recipients. in addition, the fcpa imposes certain books, records, and accounting control obligations on public companies and other issuers. we operate in parts of the world in which corruption can be common and compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. our global operations face the risk of unauthorized payments or offers being made by employees, consultants, sales agents, and other business partners outside of our control or without our authorization. it is our policy to implement safeguards to prohibit these practices by our employees and business partners with respect to our operations. however, irrespective of these safeguards, or as a result of monitoring compliance with such safeguards, it is possible that we or certain other parties may discover or receive information at some point that certain employees, consultants, sales agents, or other business partners may have engaged in corrupt conduct for which we might be held responsible. violations of the fcpa, the uk bribery act or other international anti-corruption laws may result in restatements of, or irregularities in, our financial statements as well as severe criminal or civil sanctions, and we may be subject to other liabilities, which could negatively affect our business, operating results and financial condition. in some cases, companies that violate the fcpa may be debarred by the united states government and/or lose their united states export privileges. changes in anti-corruption laws or enforcement priorities could also result in increased compliance requirements and related costs which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, the united states or other governments may seek to hold us liable for successor liability fcpa violations or violations of other anti-corruption laws committed by companies in which we invest or that we acquired or will acquire.
we face risks related to sales to government entities.
we derive a portion of our revenue from sales to government entities in the united states. in general, our contracts with united states government entities are terminable at will by the government entity at any time. government demand and payment for our services may be affected by public-sector budgetary cycles and funding authorizations, including government shutdowns. government contracts are subject to oversight, including special rules on accounting, expenses, reviews and security. failure to comply with these rules could result in civil and criminal penalties and sanctions, including termination of contracts, fines and suspensions, or debarment from future business with the united states government. as a result, failure to comply with these rules could have an adverse effect on our future business, reputation, operating results and financial condition.
if we are unable to successfully develop and market new services or enter new markets, our growth, results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected.
a key element of our growth strategy is the successful development and marketing of new services or entering new markets that complement or expand our existing business. as we develop new services or enter new markets, including services targeted at participants in the broader healthcare industry, we may not have or adequately build the competencies necessary to perform such services satisfactorily, may not receive market acceptance for such services or may face increased competition. if we are unable to succeed in developing new services, entering new markets or attracting a client base for our new services or in new markets, we will be unable to implement this element of our growth strategy, and our future business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.
our research & development solutions business could subject us to potential liability that may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
our research & development solutions business involves the testing of new drugs on patients in clinical trials and, if marketing approval is granted, the availability of these drugs to be prescribed to patients. our involvement in the clinical trials and development process creates a risk of liability for personal injury to or death of patients, particularly those with life-threatening illnesses, resulting from adverse reactions to the drugs administered during testing or after product launch, respectively. for example, we have from time to time been sued and may be sued in the future by individuals alleging personal injury due to their participation in clinical trials and seeking damages from us under a variety of legal theories. although we maintain the types and amounts of insurance we view as customary in the industries and countries in which we operate, if we are required to pay damages or incur defense costs in connection with any personal injury claim that is outside the scope of indemnification agreements we have with our clients, if any indemnification agreement is not performed in accordance with its terms or if our liability exceeds the amount of any applicable indemnification limits or available insurance coverage, our financial condition, results of operations and reputation could be materially and adversely affected. we maintain professional liability insurance, including liability for completed operations coverage. in the future, we may not be able to get adequate insurance for these types of risks at reasonable rates.
we also contract with physicians to serve as investigators in conducting clinical trials. if the investigators commit errors or make omissions during a clinical trial that result in harm to clinical trial patients or after a clinical trial to a patient using the drug after it has received regulatory approval, claims for personal injury or liability damages may result. additionally, if the investigators engage in fraudulent behavior, clinical trial data may be compromised, which may require us to repeat the clinical trial or subject us to liability. we do not believe we are legally responsible for the medical care rendered by such third-party investigators, and we would vigorously defend any claims brought against us. however, it is possible we could be found liable for claims with respect to the actions of third-party investigators, which may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and reputation.
some of our services involve direct interaction with clinical trial subjects or volunteers and subcontracting into a network of phase i clinical facilities, which could create potential liability that may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and reputation.
we subcontract into a network of facilities where phase i clinical trials are conducted, which ordinarily involve testing an investigational drug on a limited number of healthy individuals, typically 20 to 80 persons, to determine such drug's basic safety. failure to operate such a facility in accordance with applicable regulations could result in that facility being shut down, which could disrupt our operations. additionally, we face risks associated with adverse events resulting from the administration of such drugs to healthy volunteers and the professional malpractice of medical care providers. any professional malpractice or negligence by such investigators, nurses or other subcontracted employees could potentially result in liability to us in the event of personal injury to or death of a healthy volunteer in clinical trials, and could also cause us reputational harm. this liability, particularly if it were to exceed the limits of any indemnification agreements and insurance coverage we may have, may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and reputation.
our contract sales & medical solutions business could result in liability to us if a drug causes harm to a patient. while we are generally indemnified and insured against such risks, we may still suffer financial losses.
when we market drugs under contract for a biopharmaceutical company, we could suffer liability for harm allegedly caused by those drugs, either as a result of a lawsuit against the biopharmaceutical company to which we are joined, a lawsuit naming us or any of our subsidiaries or an action launched by a regulatory body. while we are generally indemnified by the biopharmaceutical company for the action of the drugs we market on its behalf, and we carry insurance to cover harm caused by our negligence in performing services, it is possible that we could nonetheless incur financial losses, regulatory penalties or both. in particular, any claim could result in potential liability for us if the claim is outside the scope of the indemnification agreement we have with the biopharmaceutical company, the biopharmaceutical company does not abide by the indemnification agreement as required or the liability exceeds the amount of any applicable indemnification limits or available insurance coverage. such a finding could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and reputation. furthermore, negative publicity associated with harm caused by drugs we helped to market could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation.
our insurance may not cover all of our indemnification obligations and other liabilities associated with our operations.
we maintain insurance designed to provide coverage for ordinary risks associated with our operations and our ordinary indemnification obligations. the coverage provided by such insurance may not be adequate for all claims we may make or may be contested by our insurance carriers. if our insurance is not adequate or available to pay liabilities associated with our operations, or if we are unable to purchase adequate insurance at reasonable rates in the future, our profitability may be adversely impacted.
if we are unable to attract suitable investigators and patients for our clinical trials, our clinical development business might suffer.
the timely recruitment of investigators and patients for clinical trials is essential to our research & development solutions business. investigators are typically located at hospitals, clinics or other sites and supervise the administration of the investigational drug to patients during the course of a clinical trial. patients generally include people from the communities in which the clinical trials are conducted. our clinical development business could be adversely affected if we are unable to attract suitable and willing investigators or patients for clinical trials on a consistent basis. for example, if we are unable to engage investigators to conduct clinical trials as planned or enroll sufficient patients in clinical trials, we might need to expend additional funds to obtain access to resources or else be compelled to delay or modify the clinical trial plans, which may result in additional costs to us.
if we lose the services of key personnel or are unable to recruit additional qualified personnel, our business could be adversely affected.
our success substantially depends on the collective performance, contributions and expertise of our personnel including senior management and key personnel, qualified professional, scientific and technical operating staff and qualified sales representatives for our contract sales services. there is significant and increasing competition for qualified personnel, particularly those with higher educational degrees, such as a medical degree, a ph.d. or an equivalent degree, or relevant experience in the industry and in the locations in which we operate. in addition, the departure of our key employees, or our inability to continue to identify, attract and retain qualified personnel or replace any departed personnel in a timely fashion, may impact our ability to grow our business and compete effectively in our industry and may negatively affect our ability to meet financial and operational goals.
disruptions in the credit and capital markets and unfavorable general economic conditions could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
disruptions in the credit and capital markets could have negative effects on our business that may be difficult to predict or anticipate, including the ability of our clients, vendors, contractors and financing sources to meet their contractual obligations. although we are unable to quantify the impact it has had on us, we are aware of a limited number of instances in our research & development solutions business during the past several years where cancellations, changes in scope and failure to pay timely were attributable, at least in part, to difficulty in our clients' ability to obtain financing. in the future such actions by our clients could, if they involve a significant amount of business with us, have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
our effective income tax rate may fluctuate for a variety of reasons, including the tax cuts and jobs act enacted in 2017 (the "tax act"), which may adversely affect our operations, earnings and earnings per share.
our effective income tax rate is influenced by our projected profitability in the various taxing jurisdictions in which we operate. changes in a jurisdiction's income tax rates and the distribution of our profits and losses among such jurisdictions may have a significant impact on our effective income tax rate, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our net income and earnings per share. factors that may affect our effective income tax rate include, but are not limited to:
•   the requirement to exclude from our quarterly worldwide effective income tax calculations losses in jurisdictions where no income tax benefit can be recognized;
•   changes in the value of deferred tax assets and liabilities;
•   the repatriation of foreign earnings to the united states;
•   changes in tax laws in various jurisdictions, including the tax act;
•   the establishment of valuation allowances against deferred income tax assets if we determined that it is more likely than not that future income tax benefits will not be realized.
in addition, our effective income tax rate is influenced by u.s. tax law which has been substantially modified by the tax act.  currently regulations have been issued in proposed form, and if the application of these provisions are modified to change the interpretation to us it could have an adverse impact on our effective income tax rate:
•   deduction for net business interest limited to 30% of adjusted taxable income; and
•   performance-based compensation and commissions now subject to $1 million limit.
all of these items described above may cause fluctuations in our effective income tax rate through increased u.s. tax liability and/or the loss of tax attributes in any given year that could adversely affect our results of operations and impact our earnings and earnings per share. additional information regarding our income taxes is presented in note 16 to our audited consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k.
changes in accounting standards issued by the financial accounting standards board ("fasb"), including asc 606 "revenue from contracts with customers" (asc 606), or other standard-setting bodies may adversely affect our financial statements.
we are required to prepare our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states of america ("gaap"), which is periodically revised and/or expanded. from time to time, we are required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognized authoritative bodies, including the fasb and the sec. it is possible that future accounting standards we are required to adopt, such as amended guidance for leases, may require additional changes to the current accounting treatment that we apply to our financial statements and may require us to make significant changes to our reporting systems. such changes could result in a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
for example, effective january 1, 2018, we were required to adopt asc 606. under this new standard, the company is required to recognize revenue for its clinical trial arrangements on a percentage of completion basis. this change in revenue recognition requires significant estimates of project costs that will need to be updated and adjusted on a regular basis. these updates and adjustments are likely to result in variability in our revenue recognition from period to period that may cause unexpected variability in our operating results. see note 1 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k for details regarding asc 606.
our relationships with existing or potential clients who are in competition with each other may adversely impact the degree to which other clients or potential clients use our services, which may adversely affect our results of operations.
the biopharmaceutical industry is highly competitive, with biopharmaceutical companies each seeking to persuade payers, providers and patients that their drug therapies are better and more cost-effective than competing therapies marketed or being developed by competing firms. in addition to the adverse competitive interests that biopharmaceutical companies have with each other, biopharmaceutical companies also have adverse interests with respect to drug selection and reimbursement with other participants in the healthcare industry, including payers and providers. biopharmaceutical companies also compete to be first to market with new drug therapies. we regularly provide services to biopharmaceutical companies who compete with each other, and we sometimes provide services or funding to such clients regarding competing drugs in development. our existing or future relationships with our biopharmaceutical clients may therefore deter other biopharmaceutical clients from using our services or may result in our clients seeking to place limits on our ability to serve other biopharmaceutical industry participants in connection with drug development activities. in addition, our further expansion into the broader healthcare market may adversely impact our relationships with biopharmaceutical clients, and such clients may elect not to use our services, reduce the scope of services that we provide to them or seek to place restrictions on our ability to serve clients in the broader healthcare market with interests that are adverse to theirs. a loss of clients or reductions in the level of revenues from a client could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, business and prospects.
if we are unable to successfully identify, acquire and integrate existing businesses, services and technologies, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted.
we anticipate that a portion of our future growth may come from acquiring existing businesses, services or technologies. the success of any acquisition will depend upon, among other things, our ability to effectively integrate acquired personnel, operations, services and technologies into our business and to retain the key personnel and clients of our acquired businesses. in addition, we may be unable to identify suitable acquisition opportunities or obtain any necessary financing on commercially acceptable terms. we may also spend time and money investigating and negotiating with potential acquisition targets but not complete the transaction. any future acquisition could involve other risks, including, among others, the assumption of additional liabilities and expenses, difficulties and expenses in connection with integrating the acquired companies and achieving the expected benefits, issuances of potentially dilutive securities or interest-bearing debt, loss of key employees of the acquired companies, transaction costs, diversion of management's attention from other business concerns and, with respect to the acquisition of foreign companies, the inability to overcome differences in foreign business practices, language and customs. our failure to identify potential acquisitions, complete targeted acquisitions and integrate completed acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
investments in our clients' businesses or drugs and our related commercial rights strategies could have a negative impact on our financial performance.
we may enter into arrangements with our clients or other drug companies in which we take on some of the risk of the potential success or failure of their businesses or drugs, including making strategic investments in our clients or other drug companies, providing financing to clients or other drug companies or acquiring an interest in the revenues from clients' drugs or in entities developing a limited number of drugs. our financial results would be adversely affected if these investments or the underlying drugs result in losses or do not achieve the level of success that we anticipate and/or our return or payment from the drug investment or financing is less than our direct and indirect costs with respect to these arrangements.
our results of operations may be adversely affected if we fail to realize the full value of our goodwill and intangible assets.
we assess the realizability of our indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill annually and conduct an interim evaluation whenever events or changes in circumstances, such as operating losses or a significant decline in earnings associated with the acquired business or asset, indicate that these assets may be impaired. for example, we recognized $40 million of impairment losses during the year ended december 31, 2017, for goodwill and intangible assets in encore health resources llc ("encore"), which we sold in the third quarter of 2017. our ability to realize the value of the goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets will depend on the future cash flows of the businesses we have acquired, which in turn depend in part on how well we have integrated these businesses into our own business. if we are not able to realize the value of the goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, we may be required to incur material charges relating to the impairment of those assets. such impairment charges could materially and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
we face risks arising from the restructuring of our operations.
from time to time, we have adopted restructuring plans to improve our operating efficiency through various means such as reduction of overcapacity, elimination of non-billable support roles or other realignment of resources. restructuring presents significant potential risks of events occurring that could adversely affect us, including:
•   actual or perceived disruption of service or reduction in service standards to clients;
•   loss of sales as we reduce or eliminate staffing on non-core services;
•   diversion of management attention from ongoing business activities; and
further, any such restructuring would result in charges that, if material, could harm our results of operations and significantly reduce our cash position or increase debt. in addition, we may incur certain unforeseen costs once any restructuring activities are implemented. further, if we determine to effect any restructuring, we can give no assurance that any projected cost reductions resulting from such restructuring activities will be achieved within the expected timeframe, or at all.
because of these and other factors, we cannot predict whether we will realize the purpose and anticipated benefits of these measures and, if we do not, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected.
additionally, there may be delays in implementing the restructuring activities or a failure to achieve the anticipated levels of cost savings and efficiency as a result of the restructuring activities, each of which could materially and adversely impact our business and results of operations. further restructuring or reorganization activities may also be required in the future beyond what is currently planned, which could further enhance the risks associated with these activities.
risks relating to our industry the biopharmaceutical services industry is highly competitive.
the biopharmaceutical services industry is highly competitive. our business often competes with other biopharmaceutical services companies, internal discovery departments, development departments, sales and marketing departments, information technology departments and other departments within our clients, some of which could be considered large biopharmaceutical services companies in their own right with greater resources than ours. we also compete with universities, teaching hospitals, governments agencies and others. if we do not compete successfully, our business will suffer. the industry is highly fragmented, with numerous smaller specialized companies and a handful of companies with global capabilities similar to certain of our own capabilities. increased competition has led to price and other forms of competition, such as acceptance of less favorable contract terms, that could adversely affect our operating results. there are few barriers to entry for companies considering offering any one or more of the services we offer. because of their size and focus, these companies might compete effectively against us, which could have a material adverse impact on our business.
our future growth and success will depend on our ability to successfully compete with other companies that provide similar services in the same markets, some of which may have financial, marketing, technical and other advantages. we also expect that competition will continue to increase as a result of consolidation among these various companies. large technology companies with substantial resources, technical expertise and greater brand power could also decide to enter or further expand in the markets where our business operates and compete with us. if one or more of our competitors or potential competitors were to merge or partner with another of our competitors, or if a new entrant emerged with substantial resources, the change in the competitive landscape could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. we compete on the basis of various factors, including breadth and depth of services, reputation, reliability, quality, innovation, security, price and industry expertise and experience. in addition, our ability to compete successfully may be impacted by the growing availability of health information from social media, government health information systems and other free or low-cost sources. consolidation or integration of wholesalers, retail pharmacies, health networks, payers or other healthcare stakeholders may lead any of them to provide information services directly to clients or indirectly through a designated service provider, resulting in increased competition from firms that may have lower costs to market (e.g., no data supply costs). any of the above may result in lower demand for our services, which could result in a material adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition.
outsourcing trends in the biopharmaceutical industry and changes in aggregate spending and research and development budgets could adversely affect our operating results and growth rate.
economic factors and industry trends that affect biopharmaceutical companies affect our research & development solutions business. biopharmaceutical companies continue to seek long-term strategic collaborations with global contract research organizations with favorable pricing terms. competition for these collaborations is intense and we may decide to forego an opportunity or we may not be selected, in which case a competitor may enter into the collaboration and our business with the client, if any, may be limited. in addition, if the biopharmaceutical industry reduces its research & development solutions activities or reduces its outsourcing of clinical trials and sales and marketing projects or such outsourcing fails to grow at projected rates, our operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. we may also be negatively impacted by consolidation and other factors in the biopharmaceutical industry, which may slow decision making by our clients or result in the delay or cancellation of clinical trials. our commercial services may be affected by reductions in new drug launches and increases in the number of drugs losing patent protection. all of these events could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.
our business may be materially and adversely impacted by factors affecting the biopharmaceutical and healthcare industries.
the vast majority of our revenue is generated from sales to the biopharmaceutical and healthcare industries. the clients we serve in these industries are commonly subject to financial pressures, including, but not limited to, increased costs, reduced demand for their products, reductions in pricing and reimbursement for products and services, formulary approval and placement, government approval to market their products and limits on the manner by which they market their products, loss of patent exclusivity (whether due to patent expiration or as a result of a successful legal challenge) and the proliferation of or changes to regulations applicable to these industries. to the extent our clients face such pressures, or they change how they utilize our offerings, the demand for our services, or the prices our clients are willing to pay for those services, may decline. any such decline could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
we may be affected by healthcare reform and potential additional reforms.
the united states congress continues to consider healthcare reform legislation and impose health industry cost containment measures, which may significantly impact the biopharmaceutical industry. in addition, numerous government bodies are considering or have adopted various healthcare reforms and may undertake, or are in the process of undertaking, efforts to control growing healthcare costs through legislation, regulation and voluntary agreements with medical care providers and biopharmaceutical companies. we are uncertain as to the effects of these recent reforms on our business and are unable to predict what legislative proposals, if any, will be adopted in the future. if regulatory cost containment efforts limit the profitability of new drugs, our clients may reduce their research and development spending or promotional, marketing and sales expenditures, which could reduce the business they outsource to us. similarly, if regulatory requirements are relaxed or simplified drug approval procedures are adopted, the demand for our services could decrease.
foreign and domestic government bodies may also adopt healthcare legislation or regulations that are more burdensome than existing regulations. for example, product safety concerns and recommendations by the drug safety oversight board could change the regulatory environment for drug products, and new or heightened regulatory and licensing requirements may increase our expenses or limit or delay our ability to offer some of our services. additionally, new or heightened regulatory requirements may have a negative impact on the ability of our clients to conduct industry-sponsored clinical trials, which could reduce the need for our services.
actions by government regulators or clients to limit a prescription's scope or withdraw an approved drug from the market could adversely affect our business and result in a loss of revenues.
government regulators have the authority, after approving a drug, to regulate or limit its scope of prescription or withdraw it from the market completely based on safety concerns. similarly, clients may act to voluntarily limit the scope of prescription of drugs or withdraw them from the market. in the past, we have provided services with respect to drugs that have been limited and/or withdrawn. if we are providing services to clients for drugs that are limited or withdrawn, we may be required to narrow the scope of or terminate our services with respect to such drugs, which would prevent earning the full amount of revenues anticipated under the related service contracts with negative impacts to our financial results.
if we do not keep pace with rapid technological changes, our services may become less competitive or obsolete.
the biopharmaceutical industry is subject to rapid technological changes. our current competitors or other businesses might develop technologies or services that are more effective or commercially attractive than, or render obsolete, our current or future technologies and services. if our competitors introduce superior technologies or services, including in the provision of clinical services, and if we cannot make enhancements to remain competitive, our competitive position would be harmed. if we are unable to compete successfully, we may lose clients or be unable to attract new clients, which could lead to a decrease in our revenue and financial condition.
laws restricting biopharmaceutical sales and marketing practices may adversely impact demand for our services.
there have been a significant number of laws, legislative initiatives and regulatory actions over the years that seek to limit biopharmaceutical sales and marketing practices. for example, three states in 2006 and 2007 passed laws restricting the use of prescriber identifiable information for the purpose of promoting branded prescription medicines. although these laws were subsequently declared to be unconstitutional based on a decision of the u.s. supreme court in sorrell v. ims health in 2011, we are unable to predict whether, and in what form, other initiatives may be introduced or actions taken at the state or federal levels to limit biopharmaceutical sales and marketing practices. in addition, while we will continue to seek to adapt our services to comply with the requirements of these laws (to the extent applicable to our services), if enacted, there can be no assurance that our efforts to adapt our offerings will be successful and provide the same financial contribution to us. there can also be no assurance that future legislative initiatives will not adversely affect our ability to develop or market current or future offerings, or that any future laws will not diminish the demand for our services, all of which could, over time, result in a material adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition.
our research & development solutions clients face intense competition from lower cost generic products, which may lower the amount that they spend on our services.
our research & development solutions clients face increasing competition from lower cost generic products, which in turn may affect their ability to pursue research and development activities with us. in the united states, eu and japan, political pressure to reduce spending on prescription drugs has led to legislation and other measures which encourages the use of generic products. in addition, proposals emerge from time to time in the united states and other countries for legislation to further encourage the early and rapid approval of generic drugs. loss of patent protection for a product typically is followed promptly by generic substitutes, reducing our clients' sales of that product and their overall profitability. availability of generic substitutes for our clients' drugs may adversely affect their results of operations and cash flow, which in turn may mean that they would not have surplus capital to invest in research and development and drug commercialization, including in our services. if competition from generic products impacts our clients' finances such that they decide to curtail our services, our revenues may decline and this could have a material adverse effect on our business.
risks relating to our indebtedness restrictions imposed in the senior secured credit facilities and other outstanding indebtedness, including the indentures governing iqvia holdings inc. outstanding notes, may limit our ability to operate our business and to finance our future operations or capital needs or to engage in other business activities.
the terms of the senior secured credit facilities (as defined below) restrict iqvia and its restricted subsidiaries from engaging in specified types of transactions. these covenants restrict the ability of iqvia and its restricted subsidiaries, among other things, to:
•   issue preferred stock of a restricted subsidiary;
•   alter the business iqvia and its restricted subsidiaries conduct;
in addition, the revolving credit facility and the term a and b loans under our credit agreement (as defined below) require iqvia to comply with a quarterly maximum senior secured net leverage ratio test and minimum interest coverage ratio test. iqvia's ability to comply with these financial covenants can be affected by events beyond our control, and iqvia may not be able to satisfy them. additionally, the restrictions contained in the indentures governing the outstanding notes could also limit our ability to plan for or react to market conditions, meet capital needs or make acquisitions or otherwise restrict our activities or business plans.
a breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under the senior secured credit facilities or the indentures governing the outstanding notes, which could trigger acceleration of our indebtedness and may result in the acceleration of or default under any other debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations and financial results. in the event of any default under the senior secured credit facilities, the applicable lenders could elect to terminate borrowing commitments and declare all borrowings and loans outstanding, together with accrued and unpaid interest and any fees and other obligations, to be due and payable. in addition, or in the alternative, the applicable lenders could exercise their rights under the security documents entered into in connection with the senior secured credit facilities. iqvia and the other subsidiary guarantors have pledged substantially all of their tangible and intangible assets (subject to customary exceptions) as collateral under the senior secured credit facilities, including the stock and the assets of certain of our current and future wholly owned united states subsidiaries and a portion of the stock of certain of our non-united states subsidiaries.
if we were unable to repay or otherwise refinance these borrowings and loans when due, the applicable lenders could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure that indebtedness, which could force us into bankruptcy or liquidation. in the event the applicable lenders accelerate the repayment of our borrowings, we and our subsidiaries may not have sufficient assets to repay that indebtedness. any acceleration of amounts due under the credit agreement governing the senior secured credit facilities or the exercise by the applicable lenders of their rights under the security documents would likely have a material adverse effect on us.
despite our level of indebtedness, we are able to incur more debt and undertake additional obligations. incurring such debt or undertaking such additional obligations could further exacerbate the risks to our financial condition.
although our credit agreement, which governs the senior secured credit facilities of our wholly owned subsidiary through which we conduct our operations, iqvia inc., contains restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions and the indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could increase. in addition, the receivables financing facility for our special purpose subsidiary, iqvia funding, llc ("iqvia funding") limits borrowing based on the amount of receivables purchased by iqvia funding from certain of our other subsidiaries, but when supported by the value of such purchased receivables, the debt under our receivables financing facility can increase.
while the credit agreement also contains restrictions on our and our restricted subsidiaries' ability to make loans and investments, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, and the investments incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial.
restrictive covenants in our other indebtedness may limit our flexibility in our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes in our business or to pursue our business strategies.
the terms contained in certain of our indebtedness, including credit facilities and any future indebtedness of ours, may include a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions, including restrictions on our and our restricted subsidiaries' ability to take actions that we believe may be in our interest. these agreements, among other things, limit our ability to:
•   provide guarantees in respect of obligations of other persons;
•   pay dividends or distributions or redeem or repurchase capital stock;
•   make loans, investments and capital expenditures;
•   sell assets and capital stock of our subsidiaries;
•   consolidate or merge with or into, or sell substantially all of our assets to, another person.
a breach of the covenants or restrictions under the agreements governing our other indebtedness could result in a default under the applicable indebtedness. such default may allow the creditors to accelerate the related debt and may result in the acceleration of any other debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies. in the event our lenders and noteholders accelerate the repayment of our borrowings, we cannot assure that we and our subsidiaries would have sufficient assets to repay such indebtedness.
our financial results, our substantial indebtedness and our credit ratings could adversely affect the availability and terms of future financing.
interest rate fluctuations and our ability to deduct interest expense may affect our results of operations and financial condition.
because we have variable rate debt, fluctuations in interest rates affect our business. we attempt to minimize interest rate risk and lower our overall borrowing costs through the utilization of derivative financial instruments, primarily interest rate caps and swaps. we have entered into interest rate caps and swaps with financial institutions that have reset dates and critical terms that match those of our senior secured term loan credit facility. accordingly, any change in market value associated with the interest rate caps and swaps is offset by the opposite market impact on the related debt. because we do not attempt to hedge all of our variable rate debt, we may incur higher interest costs for the portion of our variable rate debt which is not hedged.
in addition, the deduction for our interest expense may be limited, which could have an adverse impact on our taxes and net income.
risks relating to ownership of our common stock provisions of the corporate governance documents of iqvia could make an acquisition of iqvia difficult and may prevent attempts by its stockholders to replace or remove its management, even if beneficial to its stockholders.
our certificate of incorporation and delaware bylaws and the general corporation law of delaware ("dgcl") contain provisions that could make it difficult for a third party to acquire iqvia even if doing so might be beneficial to its stockholders, including:
•   the division of the board of directors into three classes and the election of each class for three-year terms;
•   subject to the shareholders agreement dated may 3, 2016 (the "shareholders agreement"), the sole ability of the board of directors to fill a vacancy created by the death or resignation of a director or the expansion of the board of directors;
•   limitations on the ability of stockholders to call special meetings and to take action by written consent;
•   the approval of holders of at least seventy-five percent (75%) of the outstanding shares of iqvia entitled to vote on any amendment, alteration, change, addition or repeal of the delaware bylaws is required to amend, alter, change, add to or repeal the delaware bylaws;
•   the required approval of holders of at least seventy-five percent (75%) of the outstanding shares of iqvia to remove directors, which removal may only be for cause, subject to different requirements in the case of directors elected by a voting group of stockholders and the terms of the shareholders agreement; and
•   the ability of the board of directors to issue new series of, and designate the terms of, preferred stock, without stockholder approval, which could be used to, among other things, institute a rights plan that would have the effect of significantly diluting the stock ownership of a potential hostile acquirer, likely preventing acquisitions that have not been approved by the board of directors.
in addition, iqvia is subject to section 203 of the dgcl regulating corporate takeovers, although our board of directors adopted a resolution approving the merger pursuant to which shares of common stock were acquired, by among others, the tpg shareholders. section 203, subject to certain exceptions, prohibits a delaware corporation from engaging in any "business combination" with any "interested stockholder" for a period of three years following the date that such stockholder became an interested stockholder unless:
•   prior to such date, the board of directors of the corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder;
•   upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding those shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers, and employee stock plans in which employee participants do not have the right to determine confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or
•   on or subsequent to such date, the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder.
in general, section 203 defines "business combination" to include mergers or consolidations between a delaware corporation and an interested stockholder, transactions with an interested stockholder involving the assets or stock of the corporation or its majority-owned subsidiaries and transactions which increase an interested stockholder's percentage ownership of stock. in general, section 203 defines an "interested stockholder" as any entity or person beneficially owning 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation and any entity or person affiliated with or controlling or controlled by such entity or person. these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by stockholders to replace members of the board of directors. because iqvia's board is responsible for appointing the members of management, these provisions could in turn affect any attempt to replace current members of management. as a result, stockholders of iqvia may lose their ability to sell their stock for a price in excess of the prevailing market price due to these protective measures, and efforts by stockholders to change the direction or management of iqvia may be unsuccessful.
our operating results and share price may be volatile, which could cause the value of our stockholders' investments to decline.
our quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate in the future, and such fluctuations may be significant. in addition, securities markets worldwide have experienced, and are likely to continue to experience, significant price and volume fluctuations. this market volatility, as well as general economic, market or political conditions, could subject the market price of our shares to wide price fluctuations regardless of our operating performance. our operating results and the trading price of our shares may fluctuate in response to various factors, including:
•   market conditions in the broader stock market;
•   actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly and annual financial and operating results;
•   introduction of new services by us or our competitors;
•   issuance of new or changed securities analysts' reports or recommendations;
•   sales, or anticipated sales, of large blocks of our stock;
•   additions or departures of key personnel;
•   regulatory or political developments;
•   changing economic conditions; and
•   exchange rate fluctuations.
these and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, may cause our operating results and the market price for our shares to fluctuate substantially. while we believe that operating results for any particular quarter are not necessarily a meaningful indication of future results, fluctuations in our quarterly operating results could limit or prevent investors from readily selling their shares and may otherwise negatively affect the market price and liquidity of our shares. in addition, in the past, when the market price of a stock has been volatile, holders of that stock have sometimes instituted securities class action litigation against the company that issued the stock. if any of our stockholders brought a lawsuit against us, we could incur substantial costs defending the lawsuit. such a lawsuit could also divert the time and attention of our management from our business, which could significantly harm our profitability and reputation.
there may be sales of a substantial amount of our common stock by our current stockholders, and these sales could cause the price of our common stock to fall.
as of february 12, 2019, there were 197,599,861 shares of common stock outstanding. approximately 10.9% of the outstanding shares of our common stock is held by parties to the shareholders agreement.
sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales will occur, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and make it difficult for us to raise funds through securities offerings in the future. for example, as restrictions on resale end, the market price of our common stock could decline if the holders of currently restricted shares sell them or are perceived by the market as intending to sell them.
stockholders that are a party to the shareholders agreement may require us to register their shares for resale under the federal securities laws, subject to certain requirements. under the shareholders agreement, we are required to pay the registration expenses associated with the registration of such shares, not including the underwriting discounts, commissions and transfer taxes. registration of those shares would allow those stockholders to immediately resell their shares in the public market. any such sales or the anticipation of such sales may cause the market price of our common stock to decline. in 2018, the parties to the shareholders agreement sold approximately 21.4 million shares of our common stock, of which we repurchased approximately 6.0 million shares.
in addition, we may use our cash, cash generated from operations or dispositions of assets or businesses and/or proceeds from any new financing arrangements or issuances of debt or equity securities to repurchase shares, including the repurchase of shares from our stockholders that are a party to the shareholders agreement.
although we have previously declared dividends to our stockholders prior to our initial public offering in may 2013, we do not currently anticipate paying any regular cash dividends on our common stock. any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of our board and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors that our board may deem relevant. in addition, our ability to pay dividends is, and may be, limited by covenants of existing and any future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur, including under our existing credit facilities. therefore, any return on investment in our common stock is solely dependent upon the appreciation of the price of our common stock on the open market, which may not occur.
our certificate of incorporation contains a provision renouncing any interest and expectancy in certain corporate opportunities identified by certain of our affiliates, even if such corporate opportunities are ones that we might reasonably be deemed to have pursued or had the ability or desire to pursue.
our certificate of incorporation provides that our company renounces any interest or expectancy in the business opportunities of the tpg shareholders, the bain capital, cpp investment board private holdings inc. ("cpp shareholder"), and leonard green & partners, l.p. ("lgp shareholders"), and their affiliates (other than our company and our subsidiaries) and all of their respective partners, principals, directors, officers, members, managers, managing directors and/or employees, and each such person will have no obligation to offer us such opportunities. this provision applies to these stockholders (and associated parties) only for so long as a nominee designated by the stockholder under the shareholders agreement continues to serve on the board. stockholders are deemed to have notice of and have consented to this provision of our certificate of incorporation.
therefore, a director or officer of our company who also serves as a director, officer, member, manager, or employee of such stockholders may pursue certain business opportunities, including acquisitions, that may be complementary to its business and, as a result, such opportunities may not be available to us. these potential conflicts of interest could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations, or prospects of our company if attractive corporate opportunities are allocated by such stockholders to themselves or their other affiliates instead of to us.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations you should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this annual report, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. you should read the "risk factors" section of this annual report for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis.
overview iqvia is a leading global provider of advanced analytics, technology solutions and contract research services to the life sciences industry. formed through the merger of ims health and quintiles, iqvia applies human data science - leveraging the analytic rigor and clarity of data science to the ever-expanding scope of human science - to enable companies to reimagine and develop new approaches to clinical development and commercialization, speed innovation, and accelerate improvements in healthcare outcomes. powered by the iqvia coretm, we deliver unique and actionable insights at the intersection of large scale analytics, transformative technology and extensive domain expertise, as well as execution capabilities to help biotech, medical device, and pharmaceutical companies, medical researchers, government agencies, payers and other healthcare stakeholders tap into a deeper understanding of diseases, human behaviors and scientific advances, in an effort to advance their path toward cures. with more than 58,000 employees, we conduct operations in more than 100 countries.
we renamed two of our reportable segments during the second quarter of 2018. the reportable segment formerly known as commercial solutions is now named technology & analytics solutions and the reportable segment formerly known as integrated engagement services is now named contract sales & medical solutions. this is a name change only and there are no changes to the composition of either segment.
we are managed through three reportable segments, technology & analytics solutions, research & development solutions and contract sales & medical solutions. technology & analytics solutions provides critical information, technology solutions and real-world insights and services to our life science clients. research & development solutions, which primarily serves biopharmaceutical clients, is engaged in research and development and provides clinical research and clinical trial services. contract sales & medical solutions provides contract sales to both biopharmaceutical clients and the broader healthcare market.
for a description of our service offerings within our segments, refer to "business" within part i, item 1, of this annual report on form 10-k.
effective january 1, 2018, we adopted the requirements of accounting standards update ("asu") 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606) ("asu 2014-09") and asu 2017-07, "compensation-retirement benefits (topic 715):  improving the presentation of net periodic pension cost and net periodic postretirement benefit cost" ("asu 2017-07") using the full retrospective method. as a result of the adoption of asu 2014-09 and asu 2017-07, we retrospectively adjusted 2017 and 2016 related presentations in our consolidated financial statements and amounts and disclosures set forth in this annual report on form 10-k reflect these changes. see note 1 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k for more information about these changes.
industry outlook for information about the industry outlook and markets that we operate in, refer to "our market outlook" within part i, item i of this annual report on form 10-k.
business combinations we have completed and will continue to consider strategic business combinations to enhance our capabilities and offerings in certain areas, including various individually immaterial acquisitions during the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017. in october 2016, we completed the merger to better serve our clients across their entire product lifecycle by (i) increasing the efficiency of healthcare companies' commercial organizations through enhanced analytics and outsourcing services; (ii) improving clinical trial design, recruitment, and execution; and (iii) creating real-world information solutions based on the use of medicines by actual patients in normal situations.
these transactions were accounted for as business combinations and the acquired results of operations are included in our consolidated financial information since the acquisition date with a non-controlling interest for the portion that we do not own. see note 14 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information with respect to these business combinations.
sources of revenue total revenues are comprised of revenues from the provision of our services. we do not have any material product revenues.
costs and expenses our costs and expenses are comprised primarily of our costs of revenue, reimbursed expenses and selling, general and administrative expenses. costs of revenue include compensation and benefits for billable employees and personnel involved in production, trial monitoring, data management and delivery, and the costs of acquiring and processing data for our information offerings; costs of staff directly involved with delivering technology-related services offerings and engagements, related accommodations and the costs of data purchased specifically for technology services engagements; and other expenses directly related to service contracts such as courier fees, laboratory supplies, professional services and travel expenses. as noted above, reimbursed expenses are comprised principally of payments to investigators who oversee clinical trials and travel expenses for our clinical monitors and sales representatives. selling, general and administrative expenses include costs related to sales, marketing, and administrative functions (including human resources, legal, finance, quality assurance, compliance and general management) for compensation and benefits, travel, professional services, training and expenses for information technology, facilities and depreciation and amortization.
foreign currency translation in 2018, approximately 40% of our revenues were denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar, which represents approximately 55 currencies. because a large portion of our revenues and expenses are denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar and our financial statements are reported in united states dollars, changes in foreign currency exchange rates can significantly affect our results of operations. the revenue and expenses of our foreign operations are generally denominated in local currencies and translated into united states dollars for financial reporting purposes. accordingly, exchange rate fluctuations will affect the translation of foreign results into united states dollars for purposes of reporting our consolidated results. as a result, we believe that providing the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency rates on certain financial results can facilitate the analysis of period-to-period comparisons of business performance that excludes the effects of foreign currency rate fluctuations. the constant currency information assumes the same foreign currency exchange rates that were in effect for the comparable prior-year period were used in translation of the current period results.
consolidated results of operations for information regarding our results of operations for technology & analytics solutions, research & development solutions and contract sales & medical solutions, refer to "segment results of operations" later in this section.
revenues change
in 2018, our revenues increased $710 million, or 7.3%, as compared to 2017. this increase was comprised of constant currency revenue growth of approximately $664 million, or 6.8%, and a positive impact of approximately $46 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency revenue growth was comprised of a $444 million increase in technology & analytics solutions, a $332 million increase in research & development solutions and a $112 million decrease in contract sales & medical solutions.
in 2017, our revenues increased $2,887 million, or 42.4%, as compared to 2016. this increase was comprised of constant currency revenue growth of approximately $2,869 million, or 42.1%, and a positive impact of approximately $18 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency revenue growth was comprised of a $2,508 million increase in technology & analytics solutions, which includes $2,557 million from the merger, partially offset by lower revenue from encore during the first half of 2017 and the sale of encore at the beginning of the third quarter of 2017, a $371 million increase in research & development solutions and a $10 million decrease in contract sales & medical solutions.
costs of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization year ended december 31,
costs of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization          $6,746                $6,301                $4,748
% of revenues                                                           64.8    %             64.9    %             69.7   %
when compared to 2017, costs of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, in 2018 increased $445 million, or 7.1%. this increase included a constant currency increase of approximately $421 million, or 6.7%, and a negative impact of approximately $24 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency growth was comprised of a $361 million increase in technology & analytics solutions, a $151 million increase in research & development solutions and a $91 million decrease in contract sales & medical solutions.
as a percent of revenues, costs of revenue remained flat compared to 2017.
when compared to 2016, costs of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, in 2017 increased $1,553 million, or 32.7%. this increase included a constant currency increase of approximately $1,555 million, or 32.8%, partially offset by a positive impact of approximately $2 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency growth was comprised of a $1,263 million increase in technology & analytics solutions, which included $1,302 million from the merger, partially offset by lower costs from encore during the first half of 2017 and the sale of encore at the beginning of the third quarter of 2017, a $290 million increase in research & development solutions and a $2 million increase in contract sales & medical solutions.
as a percent of revenues, costs of revenue declined in 2017 to 64.9% as compared to 69.7% in 2016. this decline was primarily due to the fact that 2017 includes a lower proportion of revenues from the lower margin contract sales & medical solutions segment, primarily as a result of the merger.
% of revenues                                           16.5    %             16.7    %             14.9   %
the $94 million increase in selling, general and administrative expenses in 2018 as compared to 2017 included a constant currency increase of approximately $86 million, or 5.3%, and a negative impact of approximately $8 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency growth primarily consisted of a $47 million increase in technology & analytics solutions, a $33 million increase in research & development solutions and a $10 million increase in general corporate and unallocated expenses.  these increases were partially offset by a $4 million decrease in contract sales & medical solutions.
the $606 million increase in selling, general and administrative expenses in 2017 as compared to 2016 included a constant currency increase of approximately $599 million, or 59.0%, and a negative impact of approximately $7 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency growth primarily consisted of a $491 million increase in technology & analytics solutions, primarily from the merger, a $6 million increase in research & development solutions and a $111 million increase in general corporate and unallocated expenses. these increases were partially offset by a $9 million decrease in contract sales & medical solutions.
% of revenues                            11.0    %             10.4    %            4.2   %
the $130 million increase in depreciation and amortization in 2018 as compared to 2017 was primarily due to higher intangible asset balances as a result of acquisitions occurring in 2017 and 2018, increased amortization due to higher capitalized software balances and foreign currency fluctuations.
the $722 million increase in depreciation and amortization in 2017 as compared to 2016 was primarily due to the approximately $6.4 billion of intangible assets acquired in the merger.
impairment charges year ended december 31,
impairment charges       $-                      $40                 $28
during 2017 and 2016, we recognized $40 million and $28 million, respectively, of impairment losses for declines in fair value of goodwill and identifiable intangible assets in encore. see note 8 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information with respect to impairment charges.
during 2018, we recognized $68 million of restructuring charges, net of reversals for changes in estimates, under our existing restructuring plans as a result of continuing efforts to streamline our global operations. the remaining actions under these plans, as well as actions associated with upcoming 2019 plans, are expected to occur throughout 2019 and are expected to consist of severance, facility closure and other exit-related costs.
during 2017 and 2016, we recognized $63 million and $71 million of restructuring charges, net of reversals for changes in estimates, respectively, under our existing restructuring plans.
during 2016, we recognized $87 million of merger related costs. merger related costs include the direct and incremental costs associated with the merger such as (i) investment banking, legal, accounting and consulting fees, (ii) incremental compensation costs triggered under change in control provisions in executive employment agreements, (iii) compensation and related costs of employees 100% dedicated to merger-related integration activities and (iv) severance and other termination costs associated with employees whose positions became redundant as a result of the merger.
interest expense during 2018 was higher than 2017 due to an increase in the average debt outstanding, primarily as a result of the february 2017 issuance of €1,425 million (approximately $1,522 million) of 3.25% senior notes, the september 2017 issuance of €420 million (approximately $501 million) of 2.875% senior notes, the september 2017 incremental term b loan of $750 million and the june 2018 issuance of $1.63 billion of additional term b loans. see note 10 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information with respect to these debt transactions.
interest expense during 2017 was higher than 2016 due to an increase in the average debt outstanding, primarily as a result of the debt assumed in the merger, the refinancing transaction in the fourth quarter of 2016 (approximately $4.5 billion) and the 2017 debt issuances noted above.
loss on extinguishment of debt year ended december 31,
loss on extinguishment of debt            $2                 $19                 $31
during 2018, we recognized a $2 million loss on extinguishment of debt for fees and expenses incurred related to the refinancing of our senior secured credit facilities as discussed further in note 10 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
during 2017, we recognized a $19 million loss on extinguishment of debt for fees and expenses incurred related to the refinancing of our senior notes and senior secured credit facilities, which included a $16 million make-whole premium.
in the fourth quarter of 2016, we recognized a $31 million loss on extinguishment of debt related to the refinancing of our senior secured credit facilities. the loss on extinguishment of debt included an $8 million make-whole premium, $9 million of unamortized debt issuance costs and $14 million of unamortized discount.
see "-liquidity and capital resources" for more information on these transactions.
other expense, net for 2018 primarily consisted of an increase in fair value of acquisition-related contingent consideration and foreign currency net losses partially offset by positive returns on pension assets.
other expense, net for 2017 primarily consisted of foreign currency net losses partially offset by higher return on pension assets and investment gains. the foreign currency losses in 2017 were primarily the result of the combination of changes in intercompany loan balances from corporate legal entity integration and a weaker u.s. dollar.
other income, net for 2016 primarily consisted of a gain on the sale of a cost basis investment partially offset by foreign currency net losses.
income tax expense (benefit)
income tax expense (benefit)           $59             $(992         )            $325
on december 22, 2017, the u.s. government enacted the tax act. the tax act is comprehensive legislation that includes provisions that lower the federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% beginning in 2018 and imposes a one-time transition tax on undistributed foreign earnings. asc 740 "income taxes" generally requires the effects of the tax law change to be recorded in the period of enactment. however, the sec staff issued staff accounting bulletin no. 118 ("sab 118") to address situations when a registrant does not have the necessary information available, prepared, or analyzed (including computations) in reasonable detail to complete the accounting for certain income tax effects of the tax act. during the fourth quarter of 2017, we recognized the tax impacts related to the transition tax on undistributed foreign earnings and the impact to deferred tax assets and liabilities and included these amounts in our consolidated financial statements on a provisional basis. during the fourth quarter of 2018, we completed our accounting for sab 118 that resulted in a full year benefit of $35 million related to the transition tax. additionally, in 2018 as a result of the new provisions of the tax act, we recorded a benefit of $25 million related to foreign derived intangible income ("fdii") as well as a tax expense of $35 million related to gilti. our effective income tax rate was also favorably impacted by a tax benefit of $188 million related to purchase accounting amortization of approximately $813 million as a result of the merger.
for 2017, we recorded a provisional deferred tax benefit of $966 million related to the revaluation of deferred taxes at the newly enacted 21% rate and the reversal of the deferred tax liability on undistributed foreign earnings net of the newly enacted transition tax. we no longer consider any of our foreign earnings to be indefinitely reinvested. our effective income tax rate was also favorably impacted by a tax benefit of $261 million related to purchase accounting amortization of approximately $763 million as a result of the merger.
in 2016, due to the merger, we reevaluated our indefinite reinvestment assertion based on the need for cash in the united states, including funding the repurchase program and potential acquisitions. accordingly, we changed our assertion with respect to $2,801 million of foreign earnings, including $1,865 million of ims health's previously undistributed historical foreign earnings. deferred income taxes of $625 million were recorded in 2016 related to non-indefinitely reinvested foreign earnings. of that amount, $373 million was recorded through purchase accounting related to ims health's historical foreign earnings and the remainder of $252 million was recorded through deferred income tax expense.
in january of 2019, the u.s. treasury department issued final regulations regarding the transition tax. we are in the process of reviewing these regulations to determine if there is an impact on our effective income tax rate.
equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates year ended december 31,
equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates           $15                 $10             $(4       )
equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates primarily included earnings from our investment in novaquest pharma opportunities fund iii, l.p. see note 4 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information with respect to this fund.
segment results of operations revenues and profit by segment are as follows:
segment revenues                                                segment profit
research &amp; development solutions                5,465                 5,105                 4,737              1,128                   957                  875
impairment charges                                                                                                     -                   (40   )              (28   )
certain costs are not allocated to our segments and are reported as general corporate and unallocated expenses. these costs primarily consist of stock-based compensation and expenses for corporate overhead functions such as senior leadership, finance, human resources, information technology, facilities and legal. in addition, we do not allocate depreciation and amortization, impairment charges, restructuring costs, or merger related costs to our segments.
technology & analytics solutions year ended december 31,                                                   change
costs of revenue, exclusive of depreciation              2,343                   1,967                   695       376                19.1                1,272               183.0
segment profit                                          $1,023                    $996                  $235       $27                 2.7   %             $761               323.8   %
technology & analytics solutions' revenues were $4,137 million in 2018, an increase of $455 million, or 12.4%, over 2017. this increase was comprised of constant currency revenue growth of approximately $444 million, or 12.1%, and a positive impact of approximately $11 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency growth resulted primarily from revenue growth in the americas region as well as the europe and africa region. the revenue growth in these regions was due to higher revenues across technology solutions and real-world and analytical services as well as incremental revenue from acquisitions.
technology & analytics solutions' revenues were $3,682 million in 2017, an increase of $2,534 million, or 220.7%, over 2016. this increase was comprised of constant currency revenue growth of approximately $2,508 million, or 218.5%, and a positive impact of approximately $26 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency increase included the incremental impact from the merger of $2,557 million, including post-merger acquisitions, partially offset by a decline in revenue from encore during the first half of 2017 and the sale of encore at the beginning of the third quarter of 2017.
costs of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization
technology & analytics solutions' costs of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, were $2,343 million in 2018, an increase of $376 million over 2017. this increase was comprised of constant currency growth of approximately $361 million, or 18.4%, and a negative impact of approximately $15 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations.  the constant currency increase was primarily due to an increase in compensation and related expenses to support revenue growth and incremental costs from acquisitions.
technology & analytics solutions' costs of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, were $1,967 million in 2017, an increase of $1,272 million over 2016. this increase was comprised of constant currency growth of approximately $1,263 million, or 181.7%, and a negative impact of approximately $9 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency increase included the incremental impact from the merger of $1,302 million, including post-merger acquisitions, partially offset by lower costs from encore due to lower revenue volumes during the first half of 2017 and the sale of encore at the beginning of the third quarter of 2017.
technology & analytics solutions' selling, general and administrative expenses increased $52 million in 2018 as compared to 2017. this increase was comprised of a constant currency increase of approximately $47 million, or 6.5%, and a negative impact of approximately $5 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency increase was primarily related to an increase in compensation and related expenses from higher headcount to support growth and incremental costs from acquisitions.
technology & analytics solutions' selling, general and administrative expenses increased $501 million in 2017 as compared to 2016. this increase was comprised of a constant currency increase of approximately $491 million, or 225.2%, and a negative impact of approximately $10 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency increase was primarily due to the incremental impact from the merger, including post-merger acquisitions.
research & development solutions year ended december 31,                                                  change
costs of revenue, exclusive of depreciation              3,721                   3,566                   3,283       155                 4.3              283                 8.6
segment profit                                          $1,128                    $957                    $875      $171                17.9   %          $82                 9.4   %
backlog research and development solutions contracted backlog was $17.13 billion at december 31, 2018 and we expect approximately $4.8 billion of this backlog to convert to revenue in the next 12 months. contracted backlog was $14.84 billion at december 31, 2017. the december 31, 2017 backlog amount has been updated to reflect the adoption of the new revenue standard.
backlog represents, at a particular point in time, future revenues from work not yet completed or performed under signed contracts. once work begins on a project, revenues are recognized over the duration of the project. backlog denominated in foreign currencies are valued each month using the actual average foreign exchange rates in effect during the month.
we believe that backlog may not be a consistent indicator of future revenues because backlog has been and likely will be affected by a number of factors, including the variable size and duration of projects, many of which are performed over several years, cancellations, and changes to the scope of work during the course of projects. projects that have been delayed remain in backlog, but the timing of the revenue generated may differ from the timing originally expected. additionally, projects may be terminated or delayed by the customer or delayed by regulatory authorities. in the event that a client cancels a contract, we typically would be entitled to receive payment for all services performed up to the cancellation date and subsequent client-authorized services related to winding down the canceled project. for more details regarding risks related to our backlog, see part i, item ia, "risk factors-risks related to our business-the relationship of backlog to revenues varies over time."
research & development solutions' revenues were $5,465 million in 2018, an increase of $360 million, or 7.1%, over 2017. this increase was comprised of constant currency revenue growth of approximately $332 million, or 6.5%, and a positive impact of approximately $28 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations.
the constant currency growth primarily included volume-related increases in clinical, data management and life cycle safety services, increased lab testing volumes and incremental revenue from acquisitions.
research & development solutions' revenues were $5,105 million in 2017, an increase of $368 million, or 7.8%, over 2016. this increase was comprised of constant currency revenue growth of approximately $371 million, or 7.8%, partially offset by a negative impact of approximately $3 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations.
the constant currency revenue growth primarily included volume-related increases from our clinical solutions and services and our clinical trial support services as well as revenue from acquisitions, partially offset by lower revenue from early clinical development services, due to a facility closure in europe in 2016.
costs of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization
research & development solutions' costs of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, increased $155 million, or 4.3%, in 2018 as compared to 2017. this increase included a constant currency increase of approximately $151 million, or 4.2%, and a negative impact of approximately $4 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations.
the constant currency increase was primarily due to an increase in reimbursed expenses and an increase in compensation and related expenses as well as incremental costs from acquisitions. compensation and related expenses increased as a result of headcount to support revenue growth and our next generation of clinical development capabilities, which include analytics-driven methods and technology to optimize trial design.
research & development solutions' costs of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, increased $283 million, or 8.6%, in 2017 as compared to 2016. this increase included a constant currency increase of approximately $290 million, or 8.8%, partially offset by a positive impact of approximately $7 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations.
the constant currency increase was primarily due to an increase in reimbursed expenses, compensation and related expenses and the impact from post-merger acquisitions. the increase in compensation and related expenses resulted from (i) an increase in billable headcount resulting from the higher volume of constant currency revenue, (ii) our continued investment in our global delivery network ("gdn") that enables us to provide standardized, centrally-managed services from seven hub locations across five countries, and (iii) an increase in competition for qualified personnel in certain markets.
research & development solutions' selling, general and administrative expenses increased $34 million, or 5.8%, in 2018 as compared to 2017, which included a constant currency increase of approximately $33 million, or 5.7%, and a negative impact of approximately $1 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency increase was primarily related to higher compensation and related expenses due to increased headcount to support growth and our next generation of clinical development capabilities, as well as incremental costs from acquisitions.
research & development solutions' selling, general and administrative expenses increased $3 million, or 0.5%, in 2017 as compared to 2016, which included a constant currency increase of approximately $6 million, or 1.0%, partially offset by a positive impact of approximately $3 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency increase was primarily due to the impact of post-merger acquisitions, partially offset by lower incentive compensation and bad debt expense.
contract sales & medical solutions year ended december 31,                                                change
costs of revenue, exclusive of depreciation            682                 768                 770        (86   )              (11.2   )            (2   )               (0.3   )
segment profit                                         $59                 $74                 $78   $(15       )              (20.3   )%      $(4       )               (5.1   )%
contract sales & medical solutions' revenues were $810 million in 2018, a decrease of $105 million, or 11.5%, over 2017. this decrease was comprised of a constant currency revenue decline of approximately $112 million, or 12.2%, partially offset by a positive impact of approximately $7 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the decline in constant currency revenues was largely due to cancellations in 2017 in the americas region and reduced volume in the asia-pacific region.
contract sales & medical solutions' revenues were $915 million in 2017, a decrease of $15 million, or 1.6%, over 2016. this decrease was comprised of a constant currency revenue decline of approximately $10 million, or 1.1%, and a negative impact of approximately $5 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the decline in constant currency revenues was due to lower demand in japan and north america, which was also a result of cancellations that occurred in 2017. the decline was also due to a $9 million benefit from the acceleration of revenue in the second quarter of 2016 that did not recur in 2017 related to a contract modification on a sales force arrangement that fixed a portion of the contract price that was previously not determinable until future sales-based royalties were known, partially offset by revenue from new projects starting up, primarily in europe.
costs of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization
contract sales & medical solutions' costs of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, decreased $86 million, or 11.2%, in 2018 as compared to 2017. this decrease included a constant currency decline of approximately $91 million, or 11.8%, partially offset by approximately $5 million from the negative effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency cost of revenue decrease was due to a decrease in compensation and related expenses resulting from a decrease in billable headcount.
contract sales & medical solutions' costs of revenue, exclusive of depreciation and amortization, decreased $2 million, or 0.3%, in 2017 as compared to 2016. this decrease included constant currency growth of approximately $2 million, or 0.3%, more than offset by approximately $4 million from the positive effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency cost of revenue growth was due to an increase in compensation and related expenses resulting from an increase in billable headcount in europe as a result of an increase in new projects starting up in the 2017 period.
liquidity and capital resources overview we assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate cash to fund our operating, investing and financing activities. our principal source of liquidity is operating cash flows. in addition to operating cash flows, other significant factors that affect our overall management of liquidity include: capital expenditures, acquisitions, investments, debt service requirements, dividends, equity repurchases, adequacy of our revolving credit and receivables financing facilities, and access to the capital markets.
we manage our worldwide cash requirements by monitoring the funds available among our subsidiaries and determining the extent to which those funds can be accessed on a cost-effective basis. the repatriation of cash balances from certain of our subsidiaries could have adverse tax consequences; however, those balances are generally available without legal restrictions to fund ordinary business operations. we have and expect to transfer cash from those subsidiaries to the united states and to other international subsidiaries when it is cost effective to do so.
we had a cash balance of $891 million at december 31, 2018 ($212 million of which was in the united states), a decrease from $959 million at december 31, 2017.
based on our current operating plan, we believe that our available cash and cash equivalents, future cash flows from operations and our ability to access funds under our revolving credit and receivables financing facilities will enable us to fund our operating requirements and capital expenditures and meet debt obligations for at least the next 12 months. we regularly evaluate our debt arrangements, as well as market conditions, and from time to time we may explore opportunities to modify our existing debt arrangements or pursue additional financing arrangements that could result in the issuance of new debt securities by us or our affiliates. we may use our existing cash, cash generated from operations or dispositions of assets or businesses and/or proceeds from any new financing arrangements or issuances of debt or equity securities to repay or reduce some of our outstanding obligations, to repurchase shares from our stockholders or for other purposes. as part of our ongoing business strategy, we also continually evaluate new acquisition, expansion and investment possibilities or other strategic growth opportunities, as well as potential dispositions of assets or businesses, as appropriate, including dispositions that may cause us to recognize a loss on certain assets. should we elect to pursue any such transaction, we may seek to obtain debt or equity financing to facilitate those activities. our ability to enter into any such potential transactions and our use of cash or proceeds is limited to varying degrees by the terms and restrictions contained in our existing debt arrangements. we cannot provide assurances that we will be able to complete any such financing arrangements or other transactions on favorable terms or at all.
equity repurchase program on october 30, 2013, our board approved the repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to $125 million of either our common stock or vested in-the-money employee stock options, or a combination thereof. our board increased the stock repurchase authorization under the repurchase program with respect to the repurchase of our common stock by $600 million, $1.5 billion, $2 billion and $1.5 billion in 2015, 2016, 2017 and 2018, respectively, which increased the total amount that has been authorized under the repurchase program to $5.725 billion. the repurchase program does not obligate us to repurchase any particular amount of common stock or vested in-the-money employee stock options, and it may be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time. the timing and amount of repurchases are determined by our management based on a variety of factors such as the market price of our common stock, our corporate requirements, and overall market conditions. purchases of our common stock may be made in open market transactions effected through a broker-dealer at prevailing market prices, in block trades, or in privately negotiated transactions. the repurchase program for common stock does not have an expiration date.
during the year ended december 31, 2018, we repurchased 12.6 million shares of our common stock at an average market price per share of $111.23 for an aggregate purchase price of $1,396 million under the repurchase program. these amounts include 6.0 million shares of our common stock, which we repurchased directly from underwriters in connection with two secondary public offerings of shares of our common stock held by certain of our sponsors for an aggregate purchase price of $659 million. during the year ended december 31, 2017, we repurchased 30.9 million shares of our common stock for approximately $2.6 billion. these amounts include 9.7 million shares of our common stock, which we repurchased from certain of our principal stockholders in a private transaction for approximately $750 million and 10.1 million shares of our common stock, which we repurchased directly from underwriters in connection with three separate underwritten, secondary public offerings of shares of our common stock held by certain of our principal stockholders for approximately $935 million in the aggregate in may, september and november 2017. additional information regarding the repurchase program is presented in part ii, item 5 "market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities" and note 13 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
as of december 31, 2018, we had remaining authorization to repurchase up to $285 million of our common stock under our repurchase program. in addition, from time to time, we have repurchased and may continue to repurchase common stock through private or other transactions outside of our repurchase program. on february 13, 2019, our board authorized an increase in the post-merger share repurchase authorization by $2.0 billion, resulting in approximately $2.3 billion remaining authorization.
debt as of december 31, 2018, we had $11.1 billion of total indebtedness, excluding $880 million of available borrowings under our revolving credit facilities. see note 10 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k for additional details regarding our credit arrangements.
senior secured credit agreement and senior notes at december 31, 2018, our fourth amended and restated credit agreement, as amended (the "credit agreement") provided financing through several senior secured credit facilities (collectively, the "senior secured credit facilities") of up to approximately $6,959 million, which consisted of $6,079 million principal amount of debt outstanding and $880 million of available borrowing capacity on the $1,500 million revolving credit facility that expires in 2023. the revolving credit facility is comprised of a $675 million senior secured revolving facility available in u.s. dollars, a $600 million senior secured revolving facility available in u.s. dollars, euros, swiss francs and other foreign currencies, and a $225 million senior secured revolving facility available in u.s. dollars and yen. the term a loans and revolving credit facility under the credit agreement mature in june 2023, while the term b loans under the credit agreement mature in 2024 and 2025. we are required to make scheduled quarterly payments on the term a loans equal to 1.25% of the original principal amount, with the remaining balance paid at maturity. we are required to make scheduled quarterly payments on the term b loans equal to approximately 0.25% of the original principal amount, with the remaining balance paid at maturity. in addition, beginning with fiscal year ending december 31, 2017, we were required to apply 50% of excess cash flow (as defined in the credit agreement), subject to a reduction to 25% or 0% depending upon our senior secured first lien net leverage ratio, for prepayment of the term loans, with any such prepayment to be applied toward principal payments due in subsequent quarters. we are also required to pay an annual commitment fee that ranges from 0.20% to 0.35% in respect of any unused commitments under the revolving credit facility. the senior secured credit facilities are collateralized by substantially all of our assets and the assets of our material domestic subsidiaries including 100% of the equity interests of substantially all of our material domestic subsidiaries and 66% of the equity interests of substantially all of our first-tier material foreign subsidiaries and their domestic subsidiaries.
2018 financing transactions on april 6, 2018, we amended our credit agreement to increase our revolving credit facility borrowing capacity to $1.5 billion.
on june 11, 2018, we amended our credit agreement (the "amendment") to extend the maturity of our existing term a loans and revolving credit facility to 2023 and reduce the applicable interest rate to libor plus a margin ranging from 1.25% to 2.00%. in connection with this amendment, we recognized a $2 million loss on extinguishment of debt, which includes fees and related expenses.
under the amendment, we also placed additional term b loans. the additional term b loans will mature in 2025 and were comprised of $950 million of u.s. dollar denominated term b loans and €583 million ($681 million) euro denominated term b loans. the u.s. dollar denominated term b loans bear interest based on the u.s. dollar libor plus a margin ranging from 1.75% to 2.00%. the euro denominated term b loans bear interest based on the euro libor with a floor ranging from 0.50% to 0.75%, plus a margin of 2.00%. the proceeds of the additional term b loans were used to pay down the revolving credit facility and $650 million of existing term b loans due 2024 and to pay fees and expenses in connection with the transactions.
2017 financing transactions during the first quarter of 2017, we issued €1.425 billion (approximately $1,522 million) of senior notes due 2025.  the senior notes mature on march 15, 2025 and bear an annual interest rate of 3.25%, which is paid semi-annually on march 15 and september 15, beginning on september 15, 2017. also, during the first quarter of 2017, we refinanced our term b loans in which the maturity was extended to 2024 and the interest rate margin on the loan denominated in u.s. dollars was reduced from 2.50% to 2.00% and the interest rate margin on the loan denominated in euros was reduced from 2.75% to 2.00%.
during the third quarter of 2017, we issued €420 million (approximately $501 million) of senior notes due 2025. the senior notes mature on september 15, 2025 and bear an interest rate of 2.875%, which is paid semi-annually on march 15 and september 15, beginning on march 15, 2018. also, during the third quarter of 2017, we entered into an amendment to provide for an incremental term b loan of $750 million and an increase in restricted payment capacity. the term b loan will mature in 2025 and bears a floating interest rate of libor plus 2.00% per year. the net proceeds from the senior notes due 2025 and the incremental term b loan were used for the redemption of the outstanding 4.125% euro denominated senior notes due 2023, to pay down the revolving credit facility, to pay certain fees and expenses and for other general corporate purposes, including the repurchase of our common stock and acquisitions.
receivables financing facility on december 5, 2014, we entered into a four-year arrangement to securitize certain of our accounts receivable. under the receivables financing facility, certain of our accounts receivable are sold on a non-recourse basis by certain of our consolidated subsidiaries to another of our consolidated subsidiaries, a bankruptcy-remote special purpose entity ("spe"). the spe obtained a term loan and revolving loan commitment from a third-party lender, secured by liens on the assets of the spe, to finance the purchase of the accounts receivable, which includes a $275 million term loan and a $25 million revolving loan commitment. the revolving loan commitment may be increased by an additional $35 million as amounts are repaid under the term loan. iqvia has guaranteed the performance of the obligations of existing and future subsidiaries that sell and service the accounts receivable under the receivables financing facility. the assets of the spe are not available to satisfy any of our obligations or any obligations of our subsidiaries. on december 15, 2017, we amended our receivables financing facility to extend the original term of the facility to december 15, 2020. in addition, the applicable margin (over libor) changed to 90 bps regardless of our credit rating. prior to the amendment, the margin was based on our credit rating and could range from 85 bps to 135 bps. as of december 31, 2018, no additional amounts of revolving loans were available under the receivables financing facility.
restrictive covenants our credit agreement provides for certain covenants and events of default customary for similar instruments, including a covenant not to exceed a specified ratio of consolidated senior secured net indebtedness to consolidated ebitda, as defined in the credit agreement and a covenant to maintain a specified minimum interest coverage ratio. if an event of default occurs under any of our financing arrangements, the creditors under such financing arrangements will be entitled to take various actions, including the acceleration of amounts due under such arrangements, and in the case of the lenders under the credit agreement, other actions permitted to be taken by a secured creditor. our long-term debt arrangements contain usual and customary restrictive covenants that, among other things, place limitations on our ability to declare dividends. for additional information regarding these restrictive covenants, see part ii, item 5 "market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities-dividend policy" and note 10 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. at december 31, 2018, we were in compliance in all material respects with the financial covenants under our financing arrangements.
cash flow from operating activities year ended december 31,
net cash provided by operating activities          $1,254                $970                $860
cash provided by operating activities increased $284 million in 2018 as compared to 2017. the increase is primarily due to higher cash-related net income of $135 million as well as higher accounts payable and accrued expenses, partially offset by an increase in accounts receivable and unbilled services due to timing of invoicing and higher payments for interest.
cash provided by operating activities increased $110 million in 2017 as compared to 2016. cash flows from operating activities reflects higher cash-related net income of $640 million, offset by higher payments for interest, income taxes and normal fluctuations in cash collections from clients and accounts payable. cash collections from clients can vary significantly each year depending on the timing of cash receipts under contractual payment terms relative to the recognition of revenue over a project lifecycle and the timing of renewals.
cash used in investing activities decreased $380 million in 2018 as compared to 2017. the decrease was primarily due to lower cash used for the acquisition of businesses ($545 million) partially offset by an increase in cash used for acquisition of property, equipment and software ($90 million), an increase in investments in equity securities ($23 million) and an increase in investments in unconsolidated affiliates ($32 million).
during 2017, we had net cash outflows from investing activities, while during 2016, we had net cash inflows. the decrease of $2,921 million in our net cash flows from investing activities was primarily due to cash from the acquisition of businesses, including the merger in 2016 ($1,887 million), cash used for the acquisition of businesses in 2017 ($854 million) and higher cash used for the acquisition of property, equipment and software in 2017 ($205 million).
cash used in financing activities increased $380 million in 2018 as compared to 2017. the increase in cash used in financing activities was primarily related to lower net borrowings under our credit facilities ($1,470 million), partially offset by less cash used to repurchase common stock ($1,215 million).
cash used in financing activities decreased $2,212 million in 2017 as compared to 2016. the decrease in cash used in financing activities was primarily related to higher net borrowings under our credit facilities ($3,781 million), partially offset by higher cash used to repurchase common stock ($1,523 million).
contingencies we are exposed to certain known contingencies that are material to our investors. the facts and circumstances surrounding these contingencies and a discussion of their effect on us are in note 12 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. these contingencies may have a material effect on our liquidity, capital resources or results of operations. in addition, even where our reserves are adequate, the incurrence of any of these liabilities may have a material effect on our liquidity and the amount of cash available to us for other purposes.
we believe that we have made appropriate arrangements in respect of the future effect on us of these known contingencies. we also believe that the amount of cash available to us from our operations, together with cash from financing, will be sufficient for us to pay any known contingencies as they become due without materially affecting our ability to conduct our operations and invest in the growth of our business.
off-balance sheet arrangements we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements except for operating leases entered into in the normal course of business.
contractual obligations and commitments below is a summary of our future payment commitments by year under contractual obligations as of december 31, 2018:
operating leases                                        167             244             159             119         689
benefit obligations(4)                                   25              27              29              81         162
(2)   purchase obligations are defined as agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased, fixed, minimum or variable pricing provisions and the approximate timing of the transactions.
(3)   we are currently committed to invest $120 million in private equity funds. as of december 31, 2018, we have funded approximately $78 million of these commitments and we have approximately $42 million remaining to be funded which has not been included in the above table as we are unable to predict when these commitments will be paid.
(4)   amounts represent expected future benefit payments for our pension and postretirement benefit plans, as well as expected contributions for 2019 for our funded pension benefit plans. we made cash contributions totaling approximately $31 million to our defined benefit plans in 2018, and we estimate that we will make contributions totaling approximately $25 million to our defined benefit plans in 2019. due to the potential impact of future plan investment performance, changes in interest rates, changes in other economic and demographic assumptions and changes in legislation in foreign jurisdictions, we are not able to reasonably estimate the timing and amount of contributions that may be required to fund our defined benefit plans for periods beyond 2019.
(5)   as of december 31, 2018, our liability related to uncertain income tax positions was approximately $106 million, $89 million of which has not been included in the above table as we are unable to predict when these liabilities will be paid due to the uncertainties in the timing of the settlement of the income tax positions.
application of critical accounting policies note 1 to the audited consolidated financial statements provided elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k describes the significant accounting policies used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. the preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. we evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis and make changes to the estimates and related disclosures as experience develops or new information becomes known. actual results may differ from those estimates.
we believe the following critical accounting policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition our arrangements are primarily service contracts that range in duration from a few months to several years. in some cases, contracts provide for variable consideration that is contingent upon the occurrence of uncertain future events, such as performance incentives (including royalty payments or penalty clauses that can either increase or decrease the transaction price). we estimate the amount of variable consideration at the expected value or at the most likely amount depending on the type of consideration. estimated amounts are included in the transaction price to the extent it is probable based on available information (historical, current and forecasted). cash payments made to customers as incentives to induce the customers to enter into service agreements with us are amortized as a reduction of revenue over the period the services are performed. we record revenues net of any tax assessments by governmental authorities, such as value added taxes, that are imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue generating transactions.
we derive the majority of our revenues in the technology & analytics solutions segment from various information and technology services offerings. technology services offerings may contain multiple performance obligations consisting of a mix of small and large-scale services and consulting projects, multi-year outsourcing contracts and software-as-a-service ("saas") arrangements. these arrangements typically have terms ranging from several weeks to three years, with a majority having terms of one year or less. for arrangements that include multiple performance obligations, the transaction price is allocated to the identified performance obligations based on their relative standalone selling prices. for these contracts, the standalone selling prices are based on our normal pricing practices when sold separately with consideration of market conditions and other factors, including customer demographics and geographic location.
the majority of revenue in our research & development solutions segment is recognized over time using a cost-based input method since there is no single output measure that would fairly depict the transfer of control over the life of the performance obligation. progress on the performance obligation is measured by the proportion of actual costs incurred to the total costs expected to complete the contract. costs included in the measure of progress include direct labor and third-party costs (such as payments to investigators and travel expenses for our clinical monitors). this cost-based method of revenue recognition requires us to make estimates of costs to complete our projects on an ongoing basis. significant judgment is required to evaluate assumptions related to these estimates. these significant estimates of project costs are updated and adjusted on a regular basis. these updates and adjustments are likely to result in variability in our revenue recognition from period to period that may cause unexpected variability in our operating results. at any point in time, we are working on thousands of active client projects, which are governed by individual contracts. most projects are customized based on the needs of the client, the type of services being provided, therapeutic indication of the drug, geographic locations and other variables. project specific terms related to pricing, billing terms and the scope and type of services to be provided are generally negotiated and contracted on a project-by-project basis. changes in the scope of work are common, especially under long-term contracts, and generally result in a change in contract value. in such situations, we enter into negotiations for a contract amendment to reflect the change in scope and the related price. depending on the complexity of the amendment, the negotiation process can take from a few weeks for a simple adjustment to several months for a complex amendment. management may authorize the project team to commence work on activities outside the contract scope while we negotiate and finalize the contract amendment. in these limited cases, if we are not able to obtain a contract amendment from the client, our profit margin on the arrangement may be impacted. this result occurs because our costs of delivery are expensed as they are incurred, while revenue is not recognized unless the client has agreed to the changes in scope and renegotiated pricing terms in a form that meets the definition of a contract under accounting standards codification topic 606 "revenue from contracts with customers."
the majority of revenue in our contract sales & medical solutions segment is from contract sales to the biopharmaceutical industry and broader healthcare market and recognized over time using a single measure of progress dependent on the performance obligation. some of our contract sales & medical solutions contracts contain multiple performance obligations with distinct promises including recruiting, sales force automation and deployment of sales representatives. the nature of the terms of these performance obligations will vary based on the customized needs of the customer. for contracts that have multiple performance obligations, the standalone selling prices of our performance obligations are not directly observable since they are rarely sold standalone. therefore, we estimate the standalone selling prices using an expected cost plus a margin approach under which expected costs of satisfying a performance obligation are forecasted and added to an appropriate margin for that distinct good or service.
see note 1 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k for further discussion.
accounts receivable and unbilled services accounts receivable represents amounts billed to clients. revenues recognized in excess of billings are classified as unbilled services. the realization of these amounts is based on the client's willingness and ability to pay us. we have an allowance for doubtful accounts based on management's estimate of probable losses we expect to incur resulting from a client failing to pay us. our allowance for doubtful accounts, and losses from clients failing to pay us, have not been material to our results of operations. if any of these estimates change or actual results differs from expected results, then an adjustment is recorded in the period in which the amounts become reasonably estimable. these adjustments could have a material effect on our results of operations.
investments in unconsolidated affiliates-equity method investments we have investments in unconsolidated affiliates that are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. periodically, we review our investments for a decline in value which we believe may be other than temporary. should we identify such a decline, we will record a loss through earnings to establish a new cost basis for the investment. these losses could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
income taxes certain items of income and expense are not recognized on our income tax returns and financial statements in the same year, which creates timing differences. the income tax effect of these timing differences results in (1) deferred income tax assets that create a reduction in future income taxes and (2) deferred income tax liabilities that create an increase in future income taxes. recognition of deferred income tax assets is based on management's belief that it is more likely than not that the income tax benefit associated with certain temporary differences, income tax operating loss and capital loss carryforwards and income tax credits, would be realized. we recorded a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred income tax assets for those deferred income tax items for which it was more likely than not that realization would not occur. we determined the amount of the valuation allowance based, in part, on our assessment of future taxable income and in light of our ongoing income tax strategies. if our estimate of future taxable income or tax strategies changes at any time in the future, we would record an adjustment to our valuation allowance. recording such an adjustment could have a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
income tax expense is based on the distribution of profit before income tax among the various taxing jurisdictions in which we operate, adjusted as required by the income tax laws of each taxing jurisdiction. changes in the distribution of profits and losses among taxing jurisdictions may have a significant impact on our effective income tax rate. we do not consider the undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries to be indefinitely reinvested outside of the united states. accordingly, we have provided a deferred income tax liability related to those undistributed earnings. the associated foreign income taxes on our foreign earnings could be available as a credit in the united states on our income taxes. we recognize foreign tax credits to the extent that the recognition is supported by projected foreign source income. see note 16 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in the annual report on form 10-k for details regarding the tax cuts and jobs act and the impact on our consolidated financial statements.
business combinations we use the acquisition method to account for business combinations, and accordingly, the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed and any non-controlling interest in the acquiree are recorded at their estimated fair values on the date of the acquisition. we use significant judgments, estimates and assumptions in determining the estimated fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed and non-controlling interest including expected future cash flows, discount rates that reflect the risk associated with the expected future cash flows and estimated useful lives.
when a business combination involves contingent consideration, we recognize a liability equal to the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration obligation at the date of the acquisition. the estimate of fair value of a contingent consideration liability requires subjective assumptions to be made regarding future business results including revenues and net new business, discount rates that reflect the risk associated with the expected future cash flows and probabilities assigned to various potential business result scenarios. we reassess the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration each financial reporting period over the term of the arrangement. any resulting changes are recognized in earnings and could have a material effect on our results of operations.
goodwill, tangible and identifiable intangible assets we have recorded and allocated to our reporting units the excess of the cost over the fair value of the net assets acquired, known as goodwill. the recoverability of the goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are evaluated annually for impairment, or if and when events or circumstances indicate a possible impairment. we review the carrying values of other identifiable intangible assets if the facts and circumstances indicate a possible impairment. goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized, and other identifiable intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives. we believe that the risk of an impairment to goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets is currently very low.
for goodwill, we perform a qualitative analysis to determine whether it is more likely than not that the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than its book value. this includes a qualitative analysis of macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, internal cost factors, financial performance, fair value history and other company specific events. if this qualitative analysis indicates that it is more likely than not that estimated fair value is less than the book value for the respective reporting unit, we apply a two-step impairment test in which we determine whether the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is in excess of its carrying value. if the carrying value of the net assets assigned to the reporting unit exceeds the estimated fair value of the reporting unit, we perform the second step of the impairment test to determine the implied estimated fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill. we determine the implied estimated fair value of goodwill by determining the present value of the estimated future cash flows for each reporting unit and comparing the reporting unit's risk profile and growth prospects to selected, reasonably similar publicly traded companies. the inherent subjectivity of applying a discounted cash flow and market comparables approach to valuing our assets and liabilities could have a significant impact on our analysis. any future impairment could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
for indefinite-lived intangible assets, we perform a qualitative analysis to determine whether it is more likely than not that the estimated fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying value. if this qualitative analysis indicates that it is more likely than not that the estimated fair value is less than the carrying value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset, we determine the estimated fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset (trade name) by determining the present value of the estimated royalty payments on an after-tax basis that it would be required to pay the owner for the right to use such trade name. if the carrying amount exceeds the estimated fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess. any future impairment could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
we review the carrying values of property and equipment if the facts and circumstances suggest that a potential impairment may have occurred. if this review indicates that carrying values will not be recoverable, as determined based on undiscounted cash flows over the remaining depreciation or amortization period, we will reduce carrying values to estimated fair value. the inherent subjectivity of our estimates of future cash flows could have a significant impact on our analysis. any future write-offs of long-lived assets could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
stock-based compensation we measure compensation cost for stock-based payment awards (stock options and stock appreciation rights) granted to employees and non-employee directors at fair value using the black-scholes-merton option-pricing model and for performance awards using the monte carlo simulation model. stock-based compensation expense includes stock-based awards granted to employees and non-employee directors and has been reported in selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of income based upon the classification of the individuals who were granted stock-based awards.
the black-scholes-merton option-pricing model requires the use of subjective assumptions, including share price volatility, the expected life of the award, risk-free interest rate and the fair value of the underlying common shares on the date of grant. in developing our assumptions, we take into account the following:
•   we calculate expected volatility based on reported data for selected reasonably similar publicly traded companies for which the historical information is available. we plan to continue to use the guideline peer group volatility information until the historical volatility of our common shares is relevant to measure expected volatility for future award grants;
•   we determine the risk-free interest rate by reference to implied yields available from united states treasury securities with a remaining term equal to the expected life assumed at the date of grant;
•   we estimate the dividend yield to be zero as we do not currently anticipate paying any future dividends;
•   we estimate the average expected life of the award based on our historical experience; and
•   we estimate forfeitures based on our historical analysis of actual forfeitures.
pensions and other postretirement benefits we provide retirement benefits to certain employees, including defined benefit pension plans and postretirement medical plans. the determination of benefit obligations and expense is based on actuarial models. in order to measure benefit costs and obligations using these models, critical assumptions are made with regard to the discount rate, expected return on plan assets, cash balance crediting rate, lump sum conversion rate and the assumed rate of compensation increases. in addition, retiree medical care cost trend rates are a key assumption used exclusively in determining costs for our postretirement health care and life insurance benefit plans. management reviews these critical assumptions at least annually. other assumptions involve demographic factors such as turnover, retirement and mortality rates. management reviews these assumptions periodically and updates them when deemed appropriate to do so.
the discount rate is the rate at which the benefit obligations could be effectively settled and is determined annually by management. for united states plans, the discount rate is based on results of a modeling process in which the plans' expected cash flow (determined on a projected benefit obligation basis) is matched with spot rates developed from a yield curve comprised of high-grade (moody's aa and above, or standard and poor's aa and above) non-callable corporate bonds to develop the present value of the expected cash flow, and then determining the single rate (discount rate), which when applied to the expected cash flow derives that same present value. in the united kingdom specifically, the discount rate is set based on the yields on a universe of high quality non-callable corporate bonds denominated in the british pound, appropriate to the duration of plan liabilities. for the other non-united states plans, the discount rate is based on the current yield of an index of high quality corporate bonds. as a sensitivity measure, a 25 basis point increase in the discount rate for our united states plan and united kingdom plans, absent any offsetting changes in other assumptions, would result in a less than $1 million increase in pension expense at december 31, 2018.
under the united states qualified retirement plan, participants have a notional retirement account that increases with pay and investment credits. the rate used to determine the investment credit (cash balance crediting rate) varies monthly. at retirement, the account is converted to a monthly retirement benefit.
in selecting an expected return on plan asset assumption, we consider the returns being earned by each plan investment category in the fund, the rates of return expected to be available for reinvestment and long-term economic forecasts for the type of investments held by the plan. the actual return on plan assets will vary from year to year versus this assumption. we believe it is appropriate to use long-term expected forecasts in selecting the expected return on plan assets. as such, there can be no assurance that our actual return on plan assets will approximate the long-term expected forecasts. as a sensitivity measure, a 25 basis point change in the expected return on assets ("eroa") assumption for our united states plan, absent any offsetting changes in other assumptions, would result in a less than $1 million increase or decrease in pension expense at december 31, 2018. for our united kingdom plans, a 25 basis point change in the eroa assumption, absent any offsetting changes in other assumptions, would result in a less than $1 million increase or decrease in pension expense at december 31, 2018. while we believe that the assumptions used are reasonable, differences in actual experience or changes in assumptions may materially affect our pension and postretirement obligations and future expense.
we utilize a corridor approach to amortizing unrecognized gains and losses in the pension and postretirement plans. amortization occurs when the accumulated unrecognized net gain or loss balance exceeds the criterion of 10% of the larger of the beginning balances of the projected benefit obligation or the market-related value of the plan assets. the excess unrecognized gain or loss balance is then amortized using the straight-line method over the average remaining service life of active employees expected to receive benefits. at december 31, 2018, the weighted-average remaining service life of active employees was approximately 20 years.
foreign currency we have significant investments in non-united states countries. therefore, changes in the value of foreign currencies affect our consolidated financial statements when translated into united states dollars. for all operations outside the united states where we have designated the local currency as the functional currency, assets and liabilities are translated using end-of-period exchange rates; revenues, expenses and cash flows are translated using average rates of exchange prevailing during the period the transactions occurred. translation gains and losses are included as an adjustment to the accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) component of stockholders' equity. in addition, gains and losses from foreign currency transactions, such as those resulting from the settlement and revaluation of third-party and intercompany foreign receivables and payables, are included in the determination of net income (loss).
for operations outside the united states that are considered to be highly inflationary or where the united states dollar is designated as the functional currency, monetary assets and liabilities are remeasured using end-of-period exchange rates, whereas non-monetary accounts are remeasured using historical exchange rates, and all remeasurement and transaction adjustments are recognized in other expense (income), net.
recently issued accounting standards information relating to recently issued accounting standards is included in note 1 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.