item 1a.   risk factors risks relating to our business if our products do not achieve market acceptance, we will not be able to generate the revenue necessary to support our business.
the da vinci surgical system and our other products represent a fundamentally new way of performing surgery. achieving physician, patient, and third-party payor acceptance of robotic-assisted surgery as a preferred method of performing surgery is crucial to our success. if our products fail to achieve market acceptance, customers will not purchase our products and we will not be able to generate the revenue necessary to support our business. we believe that physicians' and third-party payors' acceptance of the benefits of procedures performed using our products will be essential for acceptance of our products by patients. physicians will not recommend the use of our products unless we can demonstrate that they produce results comparable or superior to existing surgical techniques. even if we can prove the effectiveness of our products through clinical trials, surgeons may elect not to use our products for any number of other reasons. for example, cardiologists may continue to recommend conventional heart surgery simply because such surgery is already widely accepted. in addition, surgeons may be slow to adopt our products because of the perceived liability risks arising from the use of new products and the uncertainty of reimbursement from third-party payors, particularly in light of ongoing health care reform initiatives and the evolving u.s. health care environment.
we expect that there will be a learning process involved for surgical teams to become proficient in the use of our products. broad use of our products will require training of surgical teams. market acceptance could be delayed by the time required to complete this training. we may not be able to rapidly train surgical teams in numbers sufficient to generate adequate demand for our products.
economic conditions could materially adversely affect our company.
uncertainty about global economic conditions, including credit and sovereign debt concerns in certain european countries and concerns about slowed economic growth in china and other ous markets, have caused and may continue to cause disruptions in the financial credit markets, volatile currency exchange rates and energy costs, concerns about inflation, slower economic activity, decreased consumer confidence, reduced corporate profits and capital spending, adverse business conditions, and liquidity concerns. customers and distributors may choose to postpone or reduce spending due to financial difficulties or may be unable to obtain credit to finance purchases of our products due to restraints on credit. there could be additional effects from adverse conditions in the credit markets on our business, including the insolvency of key suppliers or their inability to obtain credit to finance the development and/or manufacture of our products resulting in product delays.
in addition, our business is closely tied to the overall u.s. healthcare system, relating to which there are concerns and uncertainties as a result of efforts made by the u.s. federal government to modify, repeal, or otherwise invalidate all, or certain provisions of, the ppaca. in addition, the u.s. federal government has called for, or enacted, substantial changes to trade, fiscal, and tax policies, which may include changes to existing trade agreements including, but not limited to, the north american free trade agreement ("nafta"), and may have a significant impact on our operations. we cannot predict the impact, if any, that these changes could have on our business.
if economic conditions worsen or new legislation is passed related to the healthcare system, trade, fiscal or tax policies, customer demand may not materialize to the levels we require to achieve our anticipated financial results, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
because our markets are highly competitive, customers may choose to purchase our competitors' products or services or may not accept da vinci robotic-assisted surgery, which would result in reduced revenue and loss of market share.
robotic-assisted surgery with a da vinci surgical system is a technology that competes with established and emerging treatment options in both disease management and reconstructive medical procedures. these competitive treatment options include conventional mis, open surgery, interventional approaches, and pharmacological regimens. some of these procedures are widely accepted in the medical community and in many cases have a long history of use. technological advances could make such treatments more effective or less expensive than using our products, which could render our products obsolete or unmarketable. studies could be published that show that other treatment options are more beneficial and/or cost-effective than robotic-assisted surgery. we cannot be certain that physicians will use our products to replace or supplement established treatments or that our products will continue to be competitive with current or future technologies.
additionally, we face or expect to face competition from companies that develop or have developed wristed, robotic, or computer-assisted surgical systems and products. companies have introduced products in the field of robotic surgery or have made explicit statements about their efforts to enter the field including, but not limited to: auris health, inc.; avatera medical gmbh; cmr surgical limited; johnson & johnson and google inc. and their joint venture, verb surgical inc.; medicaroid inc.; medrobotics corp.; medtronic plc; meerecompany inc.; olympus corp.; samsung corporation; smart robot technology group
co. ltd.; titan medical inc.; transenterix inc.; and wego holding co., ltd. other companies with substantial experience in industrial robotics could potentially expand into the field of surgical robotics and become competitors. our revenues may be reduced due to pricing pressure or eliminated if our competitors develop and market products that are more effective or less expensive than our products. if we are unable to compete successfully, our revenues will suffer, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, result of operations, or cash flows. we may not be able to maintain or improve our competitive position against current or potential competitors, especially those with greater resources.
in addition, third-party service providers that provide services to da vinci surgical system operators may emerge and compete with us on price or offerings. to date, substantially all of our customers have sourced services on their da vinci surgical systems from us through service contract commitments or time and materials contracts. furthermore, there are third-party service providers offering consulting services targeted at analyzing the cost-effectiveness of hospitals' robotic surgery programs, including procedures performed, placement of systems, and consumption of instruments and accessories. we currently provide similar services and analysis to our customers, but it is difficult to assess the impact that this may have on our business. if we are unable to compete successfully with any third-party service providers, our revenues may suffer.
our customers may use unauthorized or unapproved instruments and accessories, which would result in reduced revenue and loss of market share.
a large portion of our revenue is generated through our sales of instruments and accessories. third parties have attempted to and may discover ways to manufacture and sell counterfeit reprocessed instruments and/or alter instruments that are compatible and function with the da vinci surgical system, and such activities may reduce our market share. while our sales arrangements with customers generally prohibit the use of unauthorized or unapproved instruments and accessories with da vinci surgical systems, warranties will be void if such instruments and accessories are used, and a programmed memory chip inside each instrument is designed to prevent the instrument from being used for more than the prescribed number of procedures to help ensure that its performance meets specifications during each procedure, these measures may not prevent the use of unauthorized or unapproved instruments and accessories by our customers. in addition to potential reductions to our revenues and market share, sales of unauthorized instruments and accessories by third parties may create safety and health risks to da vinci patients and could cause negative publicity for us if these products cause injuries and/or do not function as intended when used with the da vinci surgical systems, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
new product developments and introductions may adversely impact our financial results.
we develop and introduce new products with enhanced features and extended capabilities from time to time. we may introduce new products that target different markets than what our existing products target. the success of new product introductions depends on a number of factors including, but not limited to, timely and successful research and development, regulatory clearances or approvals, pricing, competition, market and consumer acceptance, the effective forecasting and management of product demand, inventory levels, the management of manufacturing and supply costs, and the risk that new products may have quality or other defects in the early stages of introduction.
we invest substantially in various research and development projects to expand our product offerings. our research and development efforts are critical to our success, and our research and development projects may not be successful. we may be unable to develop and market new products successfully, and the products we invest in and develop may not be well-received by customers or meet our expectations. our research and development investments may not generate significant operating income or contribute to our future operating results for several years, and such contributions may not meet our expectations or even cover the costs of such investments. in addition, the introduction or announcement of new products or product enhancements may shorten the life cycle of our existing products or reduce demand for our current products, thereby offsetting any benefits of successful product introductions and potentially leading to challenges in managing inventory of existing products.
our products are subject to various regulatory processes, and we must obtain and maintain regulatory approvals in order to sell our new products. if a potential purchaser believes that we plan to introduce a new product in the near future or if a potential purchaser is located in a country where a new product that we have introduced has not yet received regulatory clearance, planned purchases may be deferred or delayed. we have in the past experienced a slowdown in demand for existing products in advance of new product introductions and may experience a slowdown in demand in the future as well. it is also possible that a new product introduction could cause downward pressure on the prices of our existing products or require us to change how we sell our products, either of which could have material adverse effect on our revenues.
if we fail to effectively develop new products and manage new product introductions in the future, our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows could be materially adversely impacted.
we expect gross profit margins to vary over time, and changes in our gross profit margins could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.
our gross profit margins have fluctuated from period to period, and we expect that they will continue to fluctuate in the future. our gross profit margins may be adversely affected by numerous factors, including:
•   changes in customer, geographic, or product mix, including mix of da vinci surgical system models sold or leased;
•   changes in the portion of sales involving a trade-in of another system and the amount of trade-in credits given;
•   introduction of new products, which may have lower margins than our existing products;
•   changes to our pricing strategy;
•   changes in competition;
•   changes in production volume driven by demand for our products;
•   changes in material, labor, or other manufacturing-related costs, including the impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations for foreign-currency denominated costs;
•   changes to u.s. and foreign trade policies, such as the enactment of tariffs on goods imported into the u.s. including, but not limited to, goods imported from mexico where we manufacture a majority of our instruments that we sell;
•   market conditions.
if we are unable to offset the unfavorable impact of the factors noted above by increasing the volume of products shipped, reducing product manufacturing costs, or otherwise, our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows may be materially adversely affected.
we experience long and variable capital sales cycles and seasonality in our business, which may cause fluctuations in our financial results.
the sales and purchase order cycle of our da vinci surgical system is lengthy because it is a major capital item and its purchase generally requires the approval of senior management of hospitals, their parent organizations, purchasing groups, and government bodies, as applicable. in addition, sales to some of our customers are subject to competitive bidding or public tender processes. these approval and bidding processes can be lengthy. as a result, hospitals may delay or accelerate system purchases in conjunction with timing of their capital budget timelines. further, idn groups are creating larger networks of da vinci system users with increasing purchasing power and are increasingly evaluating their robotic-assisted surgery programs to optimize the efficiency of surgeries using the da vinci system. further, the introduction of new products could adversely impact our sales cycle as customers take additional time to assess the benefits and costs of such products. as a result, it is difficult for us to predict the length of capital sales cycles and, therefore, the exact timing of capital sales. historically, our sales of da vinci surgical systems have tended to be heaviest during the third month of each fiscal quarter, lighter in the first fiscal quarter and heavier in the fourth fiscal quarter.
we have experienced procedure growth for a number of benign conditions, including hysterectomies for benign conditions, sacrocolpopexies, hernia repairs, cholecystectomies, and certain other surgeries. many of these types of surgeries may be postponed in the short term by patients to avoid vacation periods and for other personal scheduling reasons. patients may also accelerate procedures to take advantage of insurance funding cut-off dates. historically, we have experienced lower procedure volume in the first and third fiscal quarters and higher procedure volume in the second and fourth fiscal quarters. timing of procedures and changes in procedure growth directly affect the timing of instrument and accessory purchases and capital purchases by customers.
the above factors may contribute to substantial fluctuations in our quarterly operating results. because of these fluctuations, it is possible that in future periods our operating results will fall below the expectations of securities analysts or investors. if that happens, the market price of our stock would likely decrease. these fluctuations, among other factors, also mean that our operating results in any particular period may not be relied upon as an indication of future performance.
we are subject to a variety of risks due to our operations outside of the u.s.
we manufacture, perform research and development activities, and distribute our products in ous markets. revenue from ous markets accounted for approximately 29%, 27%, and 28% of our revenue for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively. our ous operations are, and will continue to be, subject to a number of risks including:
•   failure to obtain or maintain the same degree of protection against infringement of our intellectual property rights as we have in the u.s.;
•   multiple ous regulatory requirements that are subject to change and that could impact our ability to manufacture and sell our products;
•   changes in tariffs, trade barriers, and regulatory requirements;
•   protectionist laws and business practices that favor local competitors, which could slow our growth in ous markets;
•   local or national regulations that make it difficult or impractical to market or use our products;
•   u.s. relations with the governments of the foreign countries in which we operate;
•   the risks associated with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations;
•   the expense of establishing facilities and operations in new foreign markets;
•   building and maintaining an organization capable of supporting geographically dispersed operations;
•   anti-corruption laws, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, and other local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to governmental officials;
•   antitrust and anti-competition laws;
•   economic weakness, including inflation, or political instability in particular foreign economies and markets; and
•   business interruptions due to natural disasters, outbreak of disease, and other events beyond our control.
on june 23, 2016, the united kingdom (the "uk") held a referendum in which voters approved an exit from the european union (the "eu"), commonly referred to as "brexit." on march 29, 2017, the uk formally notified the eu of its intention to withdraw pursuant to article 50 of the lisbon treaty. the commencement of the official withdrawal process by the uk has created uncertainties affecting business operations in the uk and the eu. until the terms of the uk's exit from the eu on march 29, 2019 are determined, including any transition period, it is difficult to predict its impact. it is possible that the withdrawal could, among other things, affect the legal and regulatory environments to which our business is subject, impose greater restrictions on imports and exports between the uk and the eu and other parties, and create economic and political uncertainty in the region.
in addition, the u.s. federal government has made changes to u.s. trade policy, including signing an executive order to withdraw from the negotiating process of the trans-pacific partnership, renegotiate the terms of nafta, and imposing border taxes on imports into the u.s. on november 30, 2018, the leaders of the u.s., mexico and canada signed a replacement to nafta, which remains subject to the ratification by the legislatures of each country. we manufacture a majority of the instruments we sell in mexico and any legislation enacted that impacts the relationship between the u.s. and mexico and/or the continuity of nafta could adversely affect our operations and financial results. in addition, the u.s. federal government has implemented, or is considering the imposition of, tariffs on certain foreign goods. such tariffs, and, if enacted, any further legislation or actions taken by the u.s. federal government that restrict trade, such as additional tariffs, trade barriers, and other protectionist or retaliatory measures taken by governments in europe, asia, and other countries, could adversely impact our ability to sell products and services in our ous markets. tariffs could increase the cost of our products and the components and raw materials that go into making them. these increased costs could adversely impact the gross margin that we earn on our products. tariffs could make our products more expensive for customers, which could make our products less competitive and reduce consumer demand. countries may also adopt other protectionist measures that could limit our ability to offer our products and services.
furthermore, a large portion of our ous sales are denominated in u.s. dollars. as a result, an increase in the value of the u.s. dollar relative to foreign currencies could make our products less competitive and/or less affordable in ous markets.
if we are unable to meet and manage these risks, our ous operations may not be successful, which would limit the growth of our business and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, result of operations, or cash flows.
we utilize distributors for a portion of our sales, which subjects us to a number of risks that could harm our business.
we have strategic relationships with a number of key distributors for sales and service of our products in certain foreign countries. if these strategic relationships are terminated and not replaced, our revenues and/or ability to sell or service our products in the markets serviced by these distributors could be adversely affected. in addition, we may be named as a defendant in lawsuits against our distributors related to sales or service of our products performed by them. please see our risk factor below titled "we are subject to product liability and negligence claims relating to the use of our products and other legal proceedings that could materially adversely affect our financial condition, divert management's attention, and harm our business." the actions of our distributors may affect our ability to effectively market our products in certain foreign countries or regulatory jurisdictions if a distributor holds the regulatory authorization in such countries or within such regions and causes, by action or inaction, the suspension of such marketing authorization or sanctions for non-compliance. it may be difficult, expensive, and time consuming for us to re-establish market access or regulatory compliance in such case.
we offer alternative capital acquisition approaches. as a result, we are exposed to the credit risk of some of our customers and the risk of losses of revenue, which could result in material losses.
we believe customer financing through leasing is an important consideration for some of our customers and have experienced an increase in demand for customer financing. we may experience loss from a customer's failure to make payments according to the contractual lease terms. our exposure to the credit risks relating to our lease financing arrangements may increase if our customers are adversely affected by changes in healthcare laws, coverage and reimbursement, economic pressures or uncertainty, or other customer-specific factors.
although we have programs in place that are designed to monitor and mitigate the associated risk, there can be no assurance that such programs will be effective in reducing credit risks relating to these lease financing arrangements. if the level of credit losses we experience in the future exceed our expectations, such losses could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
certain of our leasing arrangements allow customers to cancel, return, or upgrade the systems leased prior to the end of the lease term without incurring a financial penalty. we also lease our systems to certain qualified customers where the lease payments are based on their usage of the systems. while leases and usage-based arrangements enable our customers to upgrade and get access to new technologies faster, it may also enable competitors to more easily induce customers to switch to a competitor system. if customers do not perform a sufficient number procedures on systems leased under usage-based arrangements, or return or terminate leases prematurely, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, result of operations, or cash flows.
our operating results are subject to volatility due to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. our primary exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relates to revenue and operating expenses denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar. the weakening of foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar adversely affects our foreign currency-denominated revenue. margins on ous revenue could also be materially adversely affected by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations as we may not be able to raise local prices to fully offset the strengthening of the u.s. dollar. conversely, the strengthening of foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar, while generally beneficial to our foreign currency-denominated revenue and earnings, may cause us to reduce pricing on our products in our ous markets and may cause us to incur losses on our foreign currency hedging instruments, thereby limiting the benefit that strengthened foreign currencies could have on our results of operations.
we attempt to mitigate a portion of these risks through foreign currency hedging, based on our judgment of the appropriate trade-offs among risk, opportunity, and expense. although we have established a hedging program to partially hedge our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, primarily related to transactions denominated in the euro, japanese yen, korean won, british pound, and the swiss franc, and we regularly review our hedging program and make adjustments as necessary, our hedging activities may not offset more than a portion of the adverse financial impact caused by unfavorable movement in foreign currency exchange rates, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. see "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" for additional discussion on the impact of foreign exchange risk.
we are exposed to credit risk and fluctuations in the market value of our investments.
our investment portfolio includes both domestic and international investments. the credit ratings and pricing of our investments can be negatively affected by liquidity concerns, credit deterioration, financial results, economic risk, political risk, or other factors. as a result, the value and liquidity of our cash equivalents and marketable securities could fluctuate substantially. our other income and expense could also vary materially from expectations depending on gains or losses realized on the sale or exchange of investments, impairment charges resulting from revaluations of debt and equity securities and other investments, changes in interest rates, increases or decreases in cash balances, volatility in foreign exchange rates, and changes in fair value of derivative instruments. increased volatility in the financial markets and overall economic uncertainty could increase the risk that actual amounts realized on our investments may differ significantly from the fair values currently assigned to them.
while we have not realized any significant losses on our cash equivalents or marketable securities, future fluctuations in their value could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
if defects are discovered in our products, we may incur additional unforeseen costs, hospitals may not purchase our products, and our reputation may suffer.
our success depends on the quality and reliability of our products. while we subject components sourced and products manufactured to stringent quality specifications and processes, our products incorporate mechanical parts, electrical components, optical components, and computer software, any of which may contain errors or exhibit failures, especially when products are first introduced. in addition, new products or enhancements may contain undetected errors or performance problems that, despite testing, are discovered only after commercial shipment. because our products are designed to be used to perform complex surgical procedures, due to the serious and costly consequences of product failure, we and our customers have an increased sensitivity to such defects. in the past, we have voluntarily recalled certain products. although our products are subject to stringent quality
processes and controls, we cannot provide assurance that our products will not experience component aging, errors, or performance problems. if we experience product flaws or performance problems, any or all of the following could occur:
•   loss of revenue;
•   delay in market acceptance;
•   diversion of our resources;
•   increased service or warranty costs; or
costs associated with product flaws or performance problems could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
we are subject to product liability and negligence claims relating to the use of our products and other legal proceedings that could materially adversely affect our financial condition, divert management's attention, and harm our business.
we are and may become subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in or outside the ordinary course of business. certain current lawsuits and pending proceedings to which we are party, including purported class actions, product liability litigation, and patent litigation, are described in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8.
in particular, our business exposes us to significant risks of product liability claims, which are inherent to the medical device industry. product liability claims have been brought against us by or on behalf of individuals alleging that they have sustained personal injuries and/or death as a result of purported product defects, the alleged failure to warn, and/or the alleged inadequate training by us of physicians regarding the use of the da vinci surgical system. the individuals who have brought the product liability claims seek recovery for their alleged personal injuries and in many cases, punitive damages. current product liability claims have resulted in negative publicity regarding our company, and these and any other product liability or negligence claims or product recalls also could harm our reputation. please see our risk factor below titled "negative publicity, whether accurate or inaccurate, concerning our products or our company could reduce market acceptance of our products and could result in decreased product demand and a decline in revenues" for additional risks related to the potential effects of negative publicity on our business.
the outcome of these product liability claims and other legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. we currently self-insure our product liability risk and maintain third-party insurance coverage for certain other liabilities. however, we cannot determine whether our insurance coverage from third-party carriers, or our self-insurance of product liability risk, would be sufficient to cover the costs or potential losses related to these lawsuits and proceedings or otherwise be excluded under the terms of any third-party policy. regardless of merit, litigation may be both time-consuming and disruptive to our operations and cause significant legal costs (including settlements, judgments, legal fees, and other related defense costs) and diversion of management attention. if we do not prevail in the purported class actions and derivative lawsuits, product liability litigation, or other legal proceedings, we may be faced with significant monetary damages or injunctive relief against us that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
negative publicity, whether accurate or inaccurate, concerning our products or our company could reduce market acceptance of our products and could result in decreased product demand and a decline in revenues.
there have been articles published and reports questioning patient safety and efficacy associated with robotic-assisted surgery with the da vinci surgical system and its cost relative to other disease management methods, and the adequacy of surgeon training. negative publicity, including statements made by public officials, whether accurate or inaccurate, concerning our products or our company could reduce market acceptance of our products and could result in decreased product demand and a decline in revenues. in addition, significant negative publicity could result in an increased number of product liability claims, regardless of whether these claims are meritorious. the number of claims could be further increased by plaintiffs' law firms that use a wide variety of media to advertise their services and solicit clients for product liability cases against us.
for certain risks, we do not maintain insurance coverage because of cost and/or availability. for example, we self-insure our product liability risks and we indemnify our directors and officers for third-party claims and do not carry insurance to cover that indemnity or the related underlying losses. we also do not carry, among other types of coverage, earthquake, and cyber insurance.
in addition, in the future, we may not continue to maintain certain existing insurance coverage or adequate levels of coverage. premiums for many types of insurance have increased significantly in recent years, and depending on market conditions and our circumstances, in the future, certain types of insurance such as directors' and officers' insurance may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all. because we retain some portion of our insurable risks, and in some cases we are self-insured completely, unforeseen or catastrophic losses in excess of insurance coverage could require us to pay substantial amounts, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
manufacturing our products is a complex process. we (or our critical suppliers) may encounter difficulties in scaling up or maintaining production of our products, including:
•   shortages of qualified personnel; and
if demand for our products exceeds our manufacturing capacity, we could develop a substantial backlog of customer orders. if we are unable to maintain larger-scale manufacturing capabilities, our ability to generate revenues will be limited and our reputation in the marketplace could be damaged, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
some of the components necessary for the assembly of our products are currently provided to us by sole-sourced suppliers or single-sourced suppliers. we generally purchase components through purchase orders rather than long-term supply agreements and generally do not maintain large volumes of inventory. while alternative suppliers exist and could be identified for sole-sourced components, the disruption or termination of the supply of components could cause a significant increase in the costs of these components, which could affect our operating results. a disruption or termination in the supply of components could also result in our inability to meet demand for our products, which could harm our ability to generate revenues, lead to customer dissatisfaction and damage our reputation. furthermore, if we are required to change the manufacturer of a key component of our products, we may be required to verify that the new manufacturer maintains facilities and procedures that comply with quality standards and with all applicable regulations and guidelines. the delays associated with the verification of a new manufacturer could delay our ability to manufacture our products in a timely manner or within budget, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
if institutions or surgeons are unable to obtain coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors for procedures using our products, or if reimbursement is insufficient to cover the costs of purchasing our products, we may be unable to generate sufficient sales to support our business.
in the u.s., hospitals generally bill for the services performed with our products to various third-party payors, such as medicare, medicaid, and other government programs and private insurance plans. if hospitals do not obtain sufficient reimbursement from third-party payors for procedures performed with our products, or if government and private payors' policies do not cover surgical procedures performed using our products, we may not be able to generate the revenues necessary to support our business. our success in ous markets also depends upon the eligibility of our products for coverage and reimbursement through government-sponsored health care payment systems and third-party payors. reimbursement practices vary significantly by country. many ous markets have government-managed healthcare systems that control reimbursement for new products and procedures. other foreign markets have both private insurance systems and government-managed systems that control reimbursement for new products and procedures. market acceptance of our products may depend on the availability and level of coverage and reimbursement in any country within a particular time. in addition, health care cost containment efforts similar to those in the u.s. are prevalent in many of the other countries in which we intend to sell our products and these efforts are expected to continue. please see our risk factor below titled "changes in healthcare legislation and policy may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations" for additional risks related to the ability of institutions or surgeons to obtain reimbursements.
we are highly dependent on the principal members of our management and scientific staff. for example, our product development plans depend, in part, on our ability to attract and retain engineers with experience in mechanics, electronics, software and optics. attracting and retaining qualified personnel will be critical to our success, and competition for qualified personnel is intense. we may not be able to attract and retain personnel on acceptable terms given the competition for such personnel among technology and healthcare companies and universities. the loss of any of these persons or our inability to attract and retain qualified personnel could harm our business and our ability to compete.
natural disasters or other events beyond our control could disrupt our business and result in loss of revenue or in higher expenses.
natural disasters, terrorist activities, and other business disruptions including, but not limited to, internet security threats, could seriously harm our revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. for example, the march 2011 earthquake and tsunami in japan and their aftermath created economic uncertainty and disrupted economic activities in japan, including a reduction in hospital spending. furthermore, our corporate headquarters and many of our operations, including certain of our manufacturing facilities, are located in california, which in the past has experienced both severe earthquakes and other natural disasters. we do not have multiple-site capacity for all of our operations in the event of a business disruption. furthermore, parties in our supply chain and our customers are similarly vulnerable to natural disasters or other sudden, unforeseen, and severe adverse events. a natural disaster in any of our major markets, or an unanticipated business disruption caused, for example, by internet security threats, damage to global communication networks, or similar events could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
epidemic diseases or the perception of their effects could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
outbreaks of pandemic or contagious diseases, such as the ebola virus, middle east respiratory syndrome, severe acute respiratory syndrome, or the h1n1 virus, could divert medical resources and priorities towards the treatment of that disease. an outbreak of a contagious disease could also negatively affect hospital admission rates. this could negatively impact the number of da vinci procedures performed and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
if we do not successfully manage our collaboration arrangements, licensing arrangements, joint ventures, strategic alliances, or partnerships with third parties, we may not realize the expected benefits from such alliances and it may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
from time to time, we enter into collaborations, in-licensing arrangements, joint ventures, strategic alliances or partnerships to complement or augment our research and development, product development, training, procedure development, and marketing efforts. for example, in 2016, we entered into an agreement to form the joint venture. in january 2019, the joint venture acquired certain assets related to the da vinci distribution business of chindex, a subsidiary of fosun pharma, which has been our distribution partner for da vinci surgical systems in china since 2011, following which the joint venture began direct distribution operations for da vinci products and services in china. there can be no assurance that we and the joint venture can successfully complete the development of the robotic-assisted catheter-based medical devices; or that we and the joint venture will successfully commercialize such products. there can also be no assurance that the joint venture will not require additional contributions to fund its business; that the joint venture will become profitable; or that the acquired chindex assets will be successfully integrated and the expected benefits realized. proposing, negotiating, and implementing collaborations, in-licensing agreements, joint ventures, strategic alliances, or partnerships may be a lengthy and complex process. in addition, other companies, including those with substantially greater financial, marketing, sales, technology, or other business resources, may compete with us for these opportunities or arrangements. as a result, we may not identify, secure, or complete any such arrangements in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis or on otherwise favorable terms, if it all.
there can be no assurance we will realize the expected benefits from these alliances. in addition, we may not be in a position to exercise sole decision-making authority regarding any collaboration or other arrangement, which could create the potential risk of creating impasses on decisions, and our alliances may have economic or business interests that are, or that may become, inconsistent with our interests. it is possible that conflicts may arise in these relationships, such as conflicts concerning the achievement of performance milestones, or the interpretation of significant terms under any agreement, such as those related to financial obligations, termination rights or the ownership or control of intellectual property developed during the collaboration. these alliances can be difficult to manage, given the potentially different interests of the parties involved, and we could suffer delays in product development or other operational difficulties.
the alliances may involve significant expense and divert the focus or attention of our management and other key personnel. any of these relationships may require us to incur non-recurring and other charges, increase our near- and long-term expenditures, or disrupt our ordinary business activities. such arrangements may also expose us to numerous known and unknown risks, including unique risks with respect to the economic, political, and regulatory environment of any foreign entities with whom we partner, including fosun pharma. any of the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
if we fail to successfully acquire or integrate new businesses, products and technology, we may not realize expected benefits or our business may be harmed.
we need to grow our businesses in response to changing technologies, customer demands, and competitive pressures. in some circumstances, we may decide to grow our business through the acquisition of complementary businesses, products, or technologies rather than through internal development.
identifying suitable acquisition candidates can be difficult, time-consuming, and costly, and we may not be able to identify suitable candidates or successfully complete identified acquisitions. in addition, completing an acquisition can divert our management and key personnel from our business operations, which could harm our business and affect our financial results. even if we complete an acquisition, we may not be able to successfully integrate newly acquired organizations, products, technologies, or employees into our operations, or may not fully realize some of the expected synergies. an acquired company may have deficiencies in product quality, regulatory marketing authorizations, or intellectual property protections, which are not detected during due diligence activities or which are unasserted at the time of acquisition. it may be difficult, expensive, and time consuming for us to re-establish market access, regulatory compliance, or cure such deficiencies in product quality or intellectual property protection in such cases, which may have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations, or cash flows.
integrating an acquisition can also be expensive and time-consuming, and may strain our resources. in many instances, integrating a new business will also involve implementing or improving internal controls appropriate for a public company at a business that lacks them. in addition, we may be unable to retain the employees of acquired companies, or the acquired company's customers, suppliers, distributors, or other partners for a variety of reasons, including that these entities may be our competitors or may have close relationships with our competitors, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
changes to financial accounting standards may affect our reported results of operations.
a change in accounting standards can have a significant effect on our reported results and may retroactively affect previously reported results. new accounting pronouncements and varying interpretations of accounting pronouncements have occurred and may occur in the future. changes to existing standards or the reevaluation of current practices may adversely affect our reported financial results or the way we conduct our business.
we use estimates, make judgments, and apply certain methods in measuring the progress of our business in determining our financial results and in applying our accounting policies. as these estimates, judgments, and methods change, our assessment of the progress of our business and our results of operations could vary.
the methods, estimates, and judgments we use in applying our accounting policies have a significant impact on our results of operations. such methods, estimates, and judgments are, by their nature, subject to substantial risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, and factors may arise over time may lead us to change our methods, estimates, and judgments. changes in any of our assumptions may adversely affect our reported financial results.
we utilize methods for determining surgical market sizes as well as the number and type (cancerous or benign) of certain da vinci procedures performed that involve estimates and judgments, which are, by their nature, subject to substantial risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. our estimates of surgical market sizes or the number and type of da vinci procedures performed do not have an impact on our results of operations, but are used to estimate the progress of our business. estimates and judgments for determining surgical market sizes and the number and type of da vinci procedures and the accuracy of these estimates may be impacted over time with changes in treatment modalities, hospital reporting behavior, system internet connectivity, distributor reporting behavior, increases in procedures per field employee, and other factors. in addition, from time to time, we may change the method for determining market sizes and the number and type of da vinci procedures, causing variation in our reporting.
changes in our effective tax rate may impact our results of operations.
we are subject to taxes in the u.s. and other jurisdictions. tax rates in these jurisdictions may be subject to significant change due to economic and/or political conditions. a number of other factors may also impact our future effective tax rate including:
•   the jurisdictions in which profits are determined to be earned and taxed;
•   the resolution of issues arising from tax audits with various tax authorities;
•   changes in valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities;
•   increases in expenses not deductible for tax purposes, including write-offs of acquired intangibles and impairment of goodwill in connection with acquisitions;
•   changes in availability of tax credits, tax holidays, and tax deductions;
•   changes in share-based compensation; and
•   changes in tax laws or the interpretation of such tax laws and changes in generally accepted accounting principles.
we are unable to predict what changes to the tax laws of the u.s. and other jurisdictions may be proposed or enacted in the future or what effect such changes would have on our business. any significant increase in our future effective tax rate could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
disruption of critical information systems or material breaches in the security of our systems could harm our business, customer relations, and financial condition.
information technology helps us operate efficiently, interface with customers, maintain financial accuracy and efficiency, and accurately produce our financial statements. if we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of customers, business disruptions, or the loss of or damage to intellectual property through security breach. if our data management systems do not effectively collect, store, process, and report relevant data for the operation of our business, whether due to equipment malfunction or constraints, software deficiencies, or human error, our ability to effectively plan, forecast, and execute our business plan and comply with applicable laws and regulations will be impaired, perhaps materially. any such impairment could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the timeliness with which we report our internal and external operating results.
our business requires us to use and store customer, employee, and business partner personally identifiable information ("pii"). this may include names, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, contact preferences, tax identification numbers, and payment account information. we require user names and passwords in order to access our information technology systems. we also use encryption and authentication technologies to secure the transmission and storage of data. these security measures may be compromised as a result of security breaches by unauthorized persons, employee error, malfeasance, faulty password management, or other irregularity, and result in persons obtaining unauthorized access to our data or accounts. third parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or customers into disclosing user names, passwords, or other sensitive information, which may in turn be used to access our information technology systems. for example, our employees have received "phishing" emails and phone calls attempting to induce them to divulge passwords and other sensitive information.
in addition, unauthorized persons may attempt to hack into our products or systems to obtain personal data relating to patients or employees, our confidential or proprietary information or confidential information we hold on behalf of third parties. if the unauthorized persons successfully hack into or interfere with our connected products or services, they may create issues with product functionality that could pose a risk of loss of data, a risk to patient safety, and a risk of product recall or field activity. we have programs in place to detect, contain, and respond to data security incidents, and we make ongoing improvements to our information-sharing products in order to minimize vulnerabilities, in accordance with industry and regulatory standards. however, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to or sabotage systems change frequently and may be difficult to detect, we may not be able to anticipate and prevent these intrusions or mitigate them when and if they occur.
we also rely on external vendors to supply and/or support certain aspects of our information technology systems. the systems of these external vendors may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security of our own systems, and we are dependent on these third parties to deploy appropriate security programs to protect their systems.
while we devote significant resources to network security, data encryption, and other security measures to protect our systems and data, these security measures cannot provide absolute security. we may experience a breach of our systems and may be unable to protect sensitive data. the costs to us to eliminate or alleviate network security problems, bugs, viruses, worms, malicious software programs, and security vulnerabilities could be significant. our efforts to address these problems may not be successful and could result in unexpected interruptions, delays, cessation of service, and harm to our business operations. moreover, if a computer security breach affects our systems or results in the unauthorized release of pii, our reputation and brand could be materially damaged and use of our products and services could decrease. we would also be exposed to a risk of loss or litigation and potential liability, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
our business is subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection and other matters relating to information collection.
there are numerous state, federal and foreign laws, regulations, decisions, and directives regarding privacy and the collection, storage, transmission, use, processing, disclosure and protection of personally identifiable information ("pii") and other personal, customer, or other data, the scope of which is continually evolving and subject to differing interpretations. we may be subject to significant consequences, including penalties and fines, for any failure to comply with such laws, regulations and directives.
for example, as of may 25, 2018, a new privacy framework, the general data protection regulation, or the gdpr, took effect across the european economic area, or the eea. the gdpr imposes several stringent requirements for controllers and processors of personal data and will increase our obligations, including, for example, by imposing higher standards when obtaining consent from individuals to process their personal data, requiring more robust disclosures to individuals, strengthening individual data rights, shortening timelines for data breach notifications, limiting retention periods and secondary use of information, increasing requirements pertaining to health data as well as pseudonymised (i.e., key-coded) data and imposing additional obligations when we contract third-party processors in connection with the processing of personal data. the gdpr provides that eu member states may make their own further laws and regulations limiting the processing of genetic, biometric or health data, which could limit our ability to use and share personal data or could cause our costs could increase, and harm our business and financial condition. failure to comply with the requirements of gdpr and the applicable national data protection laws of the eu member states may result in fines of up to €20 million or up to 4% of the total worldwide annual turnover of the preceding financial year, whichever is higher, and other administrative penalties. compliance with the new data protection rules imposed by gdpr may be onerous and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
in addition, recent legal developments in switzerland and europe have created complexity and compliance uncertainty regarding certain transfers of information from switzerland and the eu to the united states. for example, the eu-us privacy shield framework is regularly reviewed and there is currently litigation challenging the adequacy of eu-specified standard contractual clauses (another data transfer mechanism). it is uncertain whether the privacy shield framework and/or the standard contractual clauses will be invalidated by the european courts or legislature. we rely on a mixture of mechanisms to transfer personal data from our eu business to the united states, and could be impacted by changes in law as a result of a future review of these transfer mechanisms by european regulators under the gdpr, as well as current challenges to these mechanisms in the european courts. if one or more of the legal bases for transferring pii from europe to the united states is invalidated, or if we are unable to transfer pii between and among countries and regions in which we operate, it could affect the manner in which we provide our services or could adversely affect our financial results.
furthermore, any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with or make effective modifications to our policies, or to comply with any federal, state or international privacy, data-retention or data-protection-related laws, regulations, orders or industry self-regulatory principles could result in proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others, a loss of customer confidence, damage to our brand and reputation and a loss of customers, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business. in addition, various federal, state and foreign legislative or regulatory bodies may enact new or additional laws and regulations concerning privacy, data-retention and data-protection issues, including laws or regulations mandating disclosure to domestic or international law enforcement bodies, which could adversely impact our business or our reputation with customers. for example, some countries have adopted laws mandating that some pii regarding customers in their country be maintained solely in their country. having to maintain local data centers and redesign product, service and business operations to limit pii processing to within individual countries could increase our operating costs significantly.
a prolonged government shutdown may adversely affect our business.
hospital, health systems, and physicians depend on a number of government agencies and services to effectively deliver healthcare to their patients. a prolonged government shutdown could impact inspections, regulatory review and certifications, grants, approvals, or cause other situations that could impede their ability to effectively deliver healthcare, including attempts to reduce payments and other reimbursements to hospitals by federal healthcare programs. these situations could adversely affect our customers' ability to perform procedures with our devices and/or their decisions to purchase additional products from us. in addition, a prolonged government shutdown may cause significant regulatory delays, and therefore, delay our efforts to seek clearances from the fda, and adversely affect business travel and import and export of products, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
risks relating to our regulatory environment changes in healthcare legislation and policy may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
in the u.s., there have been and continue to be a number of legislative initiatives to contain healthcare costs. in march 2010, the ppaca was enacted, which made changes that have impacted and are expected to significantly impact the pharmaceutical and medical device industries.
the ppaca contained a number of provisions designed to generate the revenues necessary to fund health insurance coverage expansions among other things. this includes fees or taxes on certain health-related industries, including medical device manufacturers. for sales between january 1, 2013, and december 31, 2015, medical device manufacturers were required to pay an excise tax (or sales tax) of 2.3% of certain u.s. medical device revenues. though there were some exceptions to the excise tax, this excise tax did apply to all or most of our products sold within the u.s. in december 2015, the former u.s. president signed into law the appropriations act. the appropriations act included a two-year moratorium on the medical device excise tax such that medical device revenues in 2016 and 2017 were exempt from the excise tax. subsequent legislation was passed in january 2018 such that mdet will be delayed until january 1, 2020.
the ppaca also implemented a number of medicare payment system reforms including a national pilot program on payment bundling to encourage hospitals, physicians, and other providers to improve the coordination, quality, and efficiency of certain healthcare services through bundled payment models, and appropriated funding for comparative effectiveness research.
the taxes imposed by the ppaca and the expansion in the government's role in the u.s. healthcare industry may result in decreased profits to us, lower reimbursement by payors for our products, and/or reduced medical procedure volumes, all of which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
since its enactment, there have been judicial and congressional challenges to certain aspects of the ppaca, as well as efforts by the current u.s. administration to modify, repeal or otherwise invalidate all, or certain provisions of, the ppaca. since january 2017, the u.s. president has signed two executive orders designed to delay the implementation of certain provisions of the ppaca or otherwise circumvent some of the requirements for health insurance mandated by the ppaca. the current u.s. administration has also announced that it will discontinue the payment of cost-sharing reduction ("csr") payments to insurance companies until congress approves the appropriation of funds for the csr payments. the loss of the csr payments is expected to increase premiums on certain policies issued by qualified health plans under the ppaca. a bipartisan bill to appropriate funds for csr payments has been introduced in the senate, but the future of that bill is uncertain. in addition, cms has recently proposed regulations that would give states greater flexibility in setting benchmarks for insurers in the individual and small group marketplaces, which may have the effect of relaxing the essential health benefits required under the ppaca for plans sold through such marketplaces. because of the 2017 tax act, the ppaca's individual mandate penalty for not having health insurance coverage will be eliminated starting in 2019. it is unclear what impact the elimination of the individual mandate penalty will have on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. further, each chamber of congress has put forth multiple bills designed to repeal or repeal and replace portions of the ppaca. although the majority of these measures have not been enacted by congress to date, congress will likely continue to consider other legislation to repeal or repeal and replace elements of the ppaca.
in addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the ppaca was enacted. these changes included aggregate reductions to medicare payments to providers of up to 2% per fiscal year, which went into effect on april 1, 2013, and will remain in effect through 2027 unless additional congressional action is taken. on january 2, 2013, the american taxpayer relief act of 2012 was signed into law, which, among other things, further reduced medicare payments to several types of providers, including hospitals, imaging centers and cancer treatment centers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. macra repealed the formula by which medicare made annual payment adjustments to physicians and replaced the former formula with fixed annual updates and a new system of incentive payments scheduled to begin in 2019 that are based on various performance measures and physicians' participation in alternative payment models such as accountable care organizations. it is unclear what impact new quality and payment programs, such as macra, may have on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. individual states in the u.s. have also become increasingly aggressive in passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, and discounts, and require marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures.
we expect additional state and federal health care reform measures to be adopted in the future that could have a material adverse effect on our industry generally and on our customers. any changes of, or uncertainty with respect to future reimbursement rates, or changes in hospital admission rates could impact our customers' demand for our products and services, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
further, the federal, state and local governments, medicare, medicaid, managed care organizations, and foreign governments have in the past considered, are currently considering, and may in the future consider healthcare policies and proposals intended to curb rising healthcare costs, including those that could significantly affect both private and public reimbursement for healthcare services. future significant changes in the healthcare systems in the u.s. or other countries, including retroactive and prospective rate and coverage criteria changes, competitive bidding or tender processes for certain products and services, and other changes intended to reduce expenditures along with uncertainty about whether and how changes may be implemented, could have a negative impact on the demand for our products. we are unable to predict whether other healthcare policies, including policies stemming from legislation or regulations affecting our business may be proposed or enacted in the future; what effect such policies would have on our business; or the effect ongoing uncertainty about these matters will have on the purchasing decisions of our customers.
we are subject to federal, state and foreign laws governing our business practices which, if violated, could result in substantial penalties. additionally, challenges to or investigation into our practices could cause adverse publicity and be costly to respond to and thus could harm our business.
the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act requires us to track and disclose the source of any tantalum, tin, gold, and tungsten used in manufacturing which may originate in the democratic republic of the congo or adjoining regions (so called "conflict minerals"). these metals are central to the technology industry and are present in some of our products as component parts. in most cases no acceptable alternative material exists which has the necessary properties. because it is not possible to determine the source of the metals by analysis, we must obtain a good faith description of the source of the intermediate components and raw materials from parties in our supply chain. the components that incorporate those metals may originate from many sources and we purchase fabricated products from manufacturers who may have a long and difficult-to-trace supply chain. as the spot price of these materials varies, producers of the metal intermediates can be expected to change the mix of sources used. accordingly, components and assemblies we buy may have a mix of sources as their origin. we are required to carry out a diligent effort to determine and disclose the source of these materials. there can be no assurance we can obtain this information accurately or reliably, or at all, from intermediate producers who may be unwilling or unable to provide this information or further identify their sources of supply or to notify us if these sources change. in addition, these metals are subject to price fluctuations and shortages which can affect our ability to obtain the manufactured materials we rely on at favorable terms or from consistent sources. these changes could have an adverse impact on our ability to manufacture and market our devices and products.
the medicare and medicaid anti-kickback laws, and several similar state laws that may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers, prohibit payments, or other remuneration that could be considered to induce hospitals, physicians, or other potential purchasers of our products either to refer patients or to purchase, lease or order, or arrange for or recommend the purchase, lease or order, of healthcare products or services for which payment may be made under federal and state healthcare programs, such as medicare and medicaid and any other third-party payor programs. further, the ppaca, among other things, amends the intent requirement of the federal anti-kickback and criminal health care fraud statutes. a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate it. the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal anti-kickback statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the false claims statutes. the federal civil and criminal false claims laws and civil monetary penalties laws, including the federal civil false claims act, which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment from medicare, medicaid or other federal healthcare programs that are false or fraudulent. although we would not submit claims directly to government payors, manufacturers can be held liable under the federal false claim act if they are deemed to "cause" the submission of false or fraudulent claims by, for example, providing inaccurate billing or coding information to customers or promoting a product off-label.
the health insurance portability and accountability act of 1996, or hipaa, which created additional federal criminal statutes that prohibit, among other things, executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program and making false statements relating to healthcare matters. similar to the federal anti-kickback statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it to have committed a violation.
these laws may affect our sales, marketing, and other promotional activities by limiting the kinds of financial arrangements we may have with hospitals, physicians, or other potential purchasers of our products. they particularly impact how we structure our sales offerings, including discount practices, customer support, education and training programs, physician consulting, and other service arrangements. these laws are broadly written, and it is often difficult to determine precisely how these laws will be applied to specific circumstances. violating anti-kickback laws can result in civil and criminal fines and penalties, which can be substantial and include monetary damages and penalties, imprisonment, and exclusion from government healthcare programs for non-compliance. even an unsuccessful challenge or investigation into our practices could cause adverse publicity, and be costly to defend, and thus could harm our business and results of operations.
the federal physicians payments sunshine act imposes reporting and disclosure requirements on device manufacturers for any "transfer of value" made or distributed to physicians (including family members), certain other healthcare providers and teaching hospitals. such information must be made publicly available in a searchable format. in addition, device manufacturers are required to report and disclose any ownership or investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members, as well as any transfers of value made to such physician owners and investors, during the preceding calendar year. failure to submit required information may result in civil monetary penalties of up to an aggregate of $165,786 per year (and up to an aggregate of $1.105 million per year for "knowing failures"), for all payments, transfers of value or ownership or investment interests not reported in an annual submission. device manufacturers are required to submit reports to cms by the 90th day of each calendar year.
in addition, there has been increased federal and state regulation of payments made to physicians, including the tracking and reporting of gifts, compensation, and other remuneration to physicians. certain states mandate implementation of commercial compliance programs to ensure compliance with these laws, impose restrictions on device manufacturer marketing practices, and/or require the tracking and reporting of gifts, compensation, and other remuneration to physicians or marketing expenditures and pricing information. the shifting commercial compliance environment and the need to build and maintain robust and expandable systems to comply with multiple jurisdictions with different compliance and/or reporting requirements increases the possibility that a healthcare company may be found out of compliance of one or more of the requirements, subjecting us to significant civil monetary penalties.
compliance with complex foreign and u.s. laws and regulations that apply to our ous operations increases our cost of doing business in foreign jurisdictions and could expose us or our employees to fines and penalties in the u.s. and/or abroad. these numerous and sometimes conflicting laws and regulations include u.s. laws such as the foreign corrupt practices act, and similar laws in foreign countries, such as the u.k. bribery act of 2010, which became effective on july 1, 2011. violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business and damage to our reputation. although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, or agents will not violate our policies.
our operations are subject to certain antitrust and competition laws in the jurisdictions in which we conduct our business, in particular the u.s. and the eu. these laws prohibit, among other things, anticompetitive agreements and practices. if any of our commercial agreements or practices are found to violate or infringe such laws, we may be subject to civil and other penalties. we may also be subject to third-party claims for damages. further, agreements that infringe these antitrust and competition laws may be void and unenforceable, in whole or in part, or require modification in order to be lawful and enforceable. if we are unable to enforce our commercial agreements, whether at all or in material part, our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows could be adversely affected.
we are also subject to claims, suits, and government investigations involving labor and employment. such claims, suits, and government investigations are inherently uncertain. regardless of the outcome, any of these types of legal proceedings can have an adverse impact on us because of legal costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors.
our products and operations are subject to extensive regulation in the u.s. by the fda. the fda regulates the development and clinical testing, manufacturing, labeling, storage, record keeping, promotion, sales, distribution, and post-market support and medical device reporting in the u.s. to ensure that medical products distributed domestically are safe and effective for their intended uses. in order for us to market products for use in the u.s., we generally must first obtain clearance from the fda pursuant to section 510(k) of the federal food drug and cosmetic act ("ffdca"). clearance under section 510(k) requires demonstration that a new device is substantially equivalent to another device with 510(k) clearance or grandfathered ("pre-amendment") status. if we significantly modify our products after they receive fda clearance, the fda may require us to submit a separate 510(k) or premarket approval application ("pma") for the modified product before we are permitted to market the products in the u.s. in addition, if we develop products in the future that are not considered to be substantially equivalent to a device with 510(k) clearance or grandfathered status, we will be required to obtain fda approval by submitting a pma. a pma is typically a much more complex, lengthy and burdensome application than a 510(k). to support a pma, the fda would likely require that we conduct one or more clinical studies to demonstrate that the device is safe and effective. in some cases such studies may be requested for a 510(k) as well. the fda may not act favorably or quickly in its review of our 510(k) or pma submissions, or we may encounter significant difficulties and costs in our efforts to obtain fda clearance or approval, all of which could delay or preclude the sale of new products in the u.s. moreover, we may not be able to meet the requirements to obtain 510(k) clearance or pma approval, in which case the fda may not grant any necessary clearances or approvals. in addition, the fda may place significant limitations upon the intended use of our products as a condition to a 510(k) clearance or pma approval. product applications can also be denied or withdrawn due to failure to comply with regulatory requirements or the occurrence of unforeseen problems following clearance or approval. any delays or failure to obtain fda clearance or approvals of new products we develop, any limitations
imposed by the fda on new product use, or the costs of obtaining fda clearance or approvals could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
in addition, the fda or other regulatory agencies may change their policies, adopt additional regulations, or revise existing regulations, or take other actions which may prevent or delay approval or clearance of our products under development or impact our ability to modify our currently approved or cleared products on a timely basis. we may be found non-compliant as a result of future changes in, or interpretations of, regulations by the fda or other regulatory agencies. we also cannot predict the likelihood, nature, or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation, administrative, or executive action. for example, certain policies of the current u.s. administration may impact our business and industry. namely, the current u.s. administration has taken several executive actions, including the issuance of a number of executive orders, that could impose significant burdens on, or otherwise materially delay, the fda's ability to engage in routine regulatory and oversight activities such as implementing statutes through rulemaking, issuance of guidance, and review and approval of marketing applications. it is difficult to predict how these requirements will be implemented, and the extent to which they will impact the fda's ability to exercise its regulatory authority. if these executive actions impose constraints on fda's ability to engage in oversight and implementation activities in the normal course, our business may be negatively impacted.
in order to conduct a clinical investigation involving human subjects for the purpose of demonstrating the safety and effectiveness of a medical device, a company must, among other things, apply for and obtain institutional review board ("irb") approval of the proposed investigation. in addition, if the clinical study involves a "significant risk" (as defined by the fda) to human health, the sponsor of the investigation must also submit and obtain fda approval of an investigational device exemption ("ide") application. many of our products to date have been or would be considered significant risk devices requiring ide approval prior to investigational use. we may not be able to obtain fda and/or irb approval to undertake clinical trials in the u.s. for any new devices we intend to market in the u.s. in the future. if we obtain such approvals, we may not be able to conduct studies which comply with the ide and other regulations governing clinical investigations or the data from any such trials may not support clearance or approval of the investigational device. failure to obtain such approvals or to comply with such regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. certainty that clinical trials will meet desired endpoints, produce meaningful or useful data and be free of unexpected adverse effects, or that the fda will accept the validity of foreign clinical study data cannot be assured, and such uncertainty could preclude or delay market clearance or authorizations resulting in significant financial costs and reduced revenue.
complying with fda regulations is a complex process, and our failure to comply fully could subject us to significant enforcement actions.
because our products, including the da vinci surgical system, are commercially distributed, numerous quality and post-market regulatory requirements apply, including the following:
•   continued compliance to the qsr, which requires manufacturers to follow design, testing, control, documentation, and other quality assurance procedures during the development and manufacturing process;
•   the fda's general prohibition against false or misleading statements in the labeling or promotion of products for unapproved or "off-label" uses;
•   stringent complaint reporting and medical device reporting ("mdr") regulations, which requires that manufacturers keep detailed records of investigations or complaints against their devices and to report to the fda if their device may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if it were to recur;
•   adequate use of the corrective and preventive actions process to identify and correct or prevent significant systemic failures of products or processes or in trends which suggest same; and
•   the reporting of corrections and removals, which requires that manufacturers report to the fda recalls and field corrective actions taken to reduce a risk to health or to remedy a violation of the ffdca that may pose a risk to health.
we are subject to inspection and marketing surveillance by the fda to determine our compliance with regulatory requirements. if the fda finds that we have failed to comply, it can institute a wide variety of enforcement actions, ranging from inspectional observations (form fda 483) to a public warning letter to more severe civil and criminal sanctions including the seizure of our products and equipment or ban on the import or export of our products. the fda has in the past issued and could in the future issue warning letters or other communications to us. if we fail to satisfy or remediate the matters discussed in any such warning letters or communications, the fda could take further enforcement action, including prohibiting the sale or marketing of the affected product. our failure to comply with applicable requirements could lead to an enforcement action that may have an adverse
effect on our financial condition and results of operations. the receipt of a warning letter places certain limits on the ability to obtain fda issued certificates to foreign government ("cfgs") used for new and re-registration of products in certain foreign countries.
the fda also strictly regulates labeling, advertising, promotion, and other activities relating to the marketing of our products. medical devices may be promoted only for their cleared or approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the cleared or approved label. it is possible that federal or state enforcement authorities might take action if they consider our promotional or training materials to constitute promotion of an unapproved use, which could result in significant fines or penalties under a variety of statutory authorities, including under the ffdca as well as laws prohibiting false claims for reimbursement.
in addition, any modification or change of medical devices cleared for market requires the manufacturer to make a determination whether the change is significant enough to require new 510(k) clearance. we have created labeling, advertising, and user training for the da vinci surgical system to describe specific surgical procedures that we believe are fully within the scope of our existing 510(k) indications for use stated in our 510(k) clearances. although we have relied on expert in-house and external staff, consultants and advisors, some of whom were formerly employed by fda and familiar with fda perspective, we cannot provide assurance that the fda would agree that all such specific procedures are within the scope of the existing general clearance or that we have compiled adequate information to support the safety and efficacy of using the da vinci surgical system for all such specific procedures. from time to time we modify our products, including the hardware and software in the da vinci surgical system, after we obtain 510(k) clearance from the fda for the devices in ways that we do not believe require new 510(k) clearance. we cannot provide assurance that the fda would agree in all cases with our determinations not to seek new 510(k) clearance for any of these changes. if the fda disagrees with our assessments that a new 510(k) clearance was not required prior to commercializing the devices with these changes or modifications, then the fda could impose enforcement sanctions and/or require us to obtain 510(k) clearance for any modification to our products. we may be prohibited from marketing the modified device until such 510(k) clearance is granted.
we have a wholly owned manufacturing facility located in mexicali, mexico which manufactures reusable and disposable surgical instruments. this facility is registered with the fda as well as mexican authorities. the facility is operated under u.s. and international quality system regulations including those applicable to canada, the european union, and japan among others. our wholly owned manufacturing facility in mexicali, mexico has an fda establishment registration but has not been inspected by the fda to date. if the fda were to identify non-conformances in our product documentation or quality system compliance, it could hold indefinitely the importation of instruments at the border which would deprive us of the ability to sell and supply the majority of our customers until the fda requirements have been satisfied. similar supply disruptions could occur if key suppliers outside of the u.s. were to encounter non-conformances with their documentation or quality system compliance.
our products are subject to various international regulatory processes and approval requirements. if we do not obtain and maintain the necessary international regulatory approvals, we will not be able to provide our products in foreign countries.
to be able to provide our products in other countries, we must obtain regulatory approvals and comply with the regulations of those countries which may differ substantially from those of the u.s. these regulations, including the requirements for approvals and the time required for regulatory review, vary from country to country. obtaining and maintaining foreign regulatory approvals is complex, and we cannot be certain that we will receive regulatory approvals in any foreign country in which we plan to market our products, or to obtain such approvals on a favorable schedule. if we fail to obtain or maintain regulatory approval in any foreign country in which we plan to market our products, our ability to generate revenue will be harmed. in particular, if the fda refuses to provide cfgs our ability to register products or renew such registrations may be delayed or denied.
the eu requires that manufacturers of medical products obtain the right to affix the ce mark, for compliance with the medical device directive (93/42/eec), as amended, to their products before selling them in member countries of the eu. the ce mark is an international symbol of adherence to quality assurance standards and compliance with applicable european medical device directives. in order to obtain the authorization to affix the ce mark to products, a manufacturer must obtain certification that its processes and products meet certain european quality standards. in january 1999, we received permission to affix the ce mark to our da vinci surgical system and endowrist instruments and have maintained this authorization continuously since that time. from time to time we seek the authorization to affix the ce mark to new or modified products. subsequent products and accessories have received marketing authorization by our notified body, presafe.
as we modify existing products or develop new products in the future, including new instruments, we currently plan to apply for authorization to affix the ce mark to such products. in addition, we are subject to annual regulatory audits in order to maintain the ce mark authorizations we have already obtained including inspection of our compliance to required standards and directives. we cannot be certain we will be able to affix the ce mark for new or modified products or that we will continue to meet the quality and performance standards required to maintain the authorizations we have already received. if we are unable to maintain permission to affix the ce mark to our products, we will no longer be able to sell our products in member countries of the eu and many affiliated countries that accept the ce mark, which would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. some member
states of the eu have additional requirements for registration and notification which may add to the time and effort to obtain market access. in addition, the regulations applied to end users of our products may increase over time, forcing us to provide additional solutions to regulations which do not apply directly to us, but which apply indirectly as they may limit our customers' ability to use our products.
in may 2017, the medical device regulation was implemented to replace the medical device directive (93/42/eec), as amended. the medical device regulation will apply after a three-year transition period and imposes stricter requirements for the marketing and sale of medical devices and grants notified bodies increased post-market surveillance authority. we may be subject to risks associated with additional testing, modification, certification, or amendment of our existing market authorizations, or we may be required to modify products already installed at our customers' facilities to comply with the official interpretations of these revised regulations.
to date, we received approvals from the japanese ministry of health, labor and welfare ("mhlw") for our da vinci s, si, xi, and x surgical systems and various associated instruments and accessories for use in certain da vinci procedures. we may seek additional approvals for other products and/or indications; however, there can be no assurance that such approvals will be granted. in addition, because not all of our instruments have received product approvals, and reimbursement is an additional process to generate market acceptance, it is possible that procedures will be adopted slowly or not at all. sales of our products depend, in part, on the extent to which the costs of our products are reimbursed by governmental health administration authorities. in april 2012 and april 2016, we have received reimbursement approval for prostatectomy and partial nephrectomy, respectively. an additional 12 procedures were granted reimbursement for japan in april 2018, including gastrectomy, anterior resection, lobectomy and hysterectomy, for both malignant and benign conditions. these additional 12 reimbursed procedures have varying levels of conventional laparoscopic penetration and will be reimbursed at rates equal to the conventional laparoscopic procedures. given the reimbursement level and laparoscopic penetration for these procedures, there can be no assurance that adoption will occur or, that the adoption pace for these procedures will be similar to any other da vinci procedure. there are multiple pathways to obtain reimbursement for procedures including those that require in-country clinical data and which are considered for reimbursed status in april of even numbered years. if we are not successful in obtaining the necessary reimbursement approvals or obtaining approvals for future products and procedures, then the demand for our products could be limited. these limitations could eliminate a significant market opportunity for our products in japan.
our capital sales in china are subject to importation authorizations and purchasing tender processes. in october 2018, the china national health commission published on its official website the quota for major medical equipment to be imported and sold in china through 2020. the government will allow the sale of 154 new surgical robots into china, which could include da vinci surgical systems. future system sales and our ability to grow future procedure volumes are dependent on the completion of these purchasing tender authorizations. the timing and magnitude of these future authorizations, which may determine our system placements in future years, is not certain and we expect to continue to experience variability in the timing of capital sales in china.
if our manufacturing facilities do not continue to meet federal, state, or other manufacturing standards, we may be required to temporarily cease all or part of our manufacturing operations, import/export of our products, and/or recall some products which would result in significant product delivery delays and lost revenue.
our manufacturing facilities are subject to periodic inspection by regulatory authorities, and our operations will continue to be regulated and inspected by the fda and other regulatory agencies for compliance with good manufacturing practice requirements contained in the qsr and other regulatory requirements. we are also required to comply with international organization for standardization ("iso") quality system standards as well as european directives and norms in order to produce products for sale in the eu. in addition, many countries such as canada and japan have very specific additional regulatory requirements for quality assurance and manufacturing. if we fail to continue to comply with good manufacturing practice requirements, as well as iso or other regulatory standards, we may be required to cease all or part of our operations until we comply with these regulations.
we continue to be subject to fda and certain other inspections at any time. maintaining such compliance is difficult and costly. we cannot be certain that our facilities will be found to comply with good manufacturing practice requirements or iso standards and other regulatory requirements in future inspections and audits by regulatory authorities.
we started participating in the medical device single audit program ("mdsap"), which allows an mdsap-recognized auditing organization to conduct a single regulatory audit of a medical device manufacturer that evaluates the company's quality system to confirm compliance with the requirements of multiple regulatory jurisdictions including the us, japan, brazil, australia, and canada. the information will be shared and reviewed amongst all the regulatory authorities in the mdsap who may or may not determine that additional information or auditing is required.
our sunnyvale, california facility is licensed by the state of california to manufacture medical devices. we have been subject to periodic inspections by the california department of health services food and drug branch and, if we are unable to maintain
this license following any future inspections, we will be unable to manufacture or ship some products, which would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. in 2012 the state of california announced suspension of routine inspections but this policy could be modified or inspections could be resumed for specific circumstances. in addition, both our sunnyvale, california and mexicali, mexico facilities are subject to periodic inspections by other regulatory bodies, including third-party auditors on behalf of national regulatory authorities. compliance with multiple regulatory standards is complex, difficult and costly to maintain, and material deficiencies could result in significant limitations on our ability to manufacture, transport, and sell our products in one or more countries.
if hospitals and other surgery facilities do not continue to meet federal, state, or other regulatory standards, they may be required to temporarily cease all or part of their da vinci utilization.
our global customers are subject to periodic inspection by regulatory authorities. our customers are required to comply with applicable local and international regulations, including with respect to the reprocessing of da vinci instruments and accessories. hospitals may not follow cleaning and sterilization instructions properly, or equipment used for cleaning and sterilization may malfunction or be used improperly. if our customers deviate from cleaning and sterilization instructions, regulatory authorities may require them to suspend use of da vinci surgical systems.
risks relating to our intellectual property if we are unable to fully protect and successfully defend our intellectual property from use by third parties, our ability to compete in the market will be harmed.
our commercial success depends in part on obtaining patent protection for the proprietary technologies contained in our products, and on successfully defending our patents against infringing products and/or services in litigation or administrative proceedings, including patent oppositions, reviews, or reexaminations. we will incur substantial costs in obtaining patents and, if necessary, defending our patent rights. we do not know whether we will be successful in obtaining the desired patent protection for our new proprietary technologies, or that the protection we do obtain will be found valid and enforceable when challenged. the success of defending our proprietary rights can be highly uncertain because it involves complex and often evolving legal issues and procedures that are dependent on particular facts of each case.
in addition to patents, we also rely on other intellectual property rights such as trade secret, copyright, and trademark laws to protect proprietary technologies. we further utilize nondisclosure agreements and other contractual provisions as well as technical measures to protect our proprietary technologies. nevertheless, these measures may be inadequate in protecting our technologies. if these measures are proved to be inadequate in protecting our technologies, our competitive advantages may be reduced. moreover, we may not have adequate remedies for potential breaches by employees, consultants, and others who participate in developing our proprietary technologies against their agreements with us regarding intellectual property. as a result, our trade secrets may be lost. notwithstanding our efforts to protect our intellectual property, our competitors may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or products that are equal or superior to our technologies without infringing any of our intellectual property which would harm our ability to compete in the market.
as foreign markets become more significant in revenue for us, our foreign operations and strategic alliances with foreign entities will likely increase. our exposure to risks associated with these operations requires us to increase our reliance on protecting our intellectual property against infringing products and/or services in markets outside the u.s. the laws and judicial systems in these countries may introduce yet another level of uncertainty to our effort to obtain the desired protection as well as defending our rights.
others may be successful in asserting that our products infringe their intellectual property rights, which may cause us to pay substantial damages and/or enjoin us from commercializing our products.
as we continue to introduce and commercialize new products and technologies, there may be u.s. and foreign patents issued to third parties that relate to our products. some of these patents may be broad enough to cover one or more aspects of our products. we do not know whether any of these patents, if challenged, would be held valid, enforceable and infringed. from time to time, we receive, and likely will continue to receive, letters from third parties accusing us of infringing and/or inviting us to license their patents. we may be sued by, or become involved in an administrative proceeding with, one or more of these third parties.
we cannot be certain that a court or administrative body would agree with any arguments or defenses we may have concerning invalidity, unenforceability or non-infringement of any third-party patent. in addition, other parties may have filed or will file patent applications covering products that are similar or identical to ours. we cannot be certain that patents issuing from our own patent application covering our products will have a priority date over any patents issuing from applications filed by a third party.
the medical device industry has experienced extensive intellectual property litigation and administrative proceedings. if third parties assert infringement claims or institute administrative proceedings against us, our technical and management personnel will
need to spend time and effort and we will incur large expenses in defending these attacks. we cannot be certain that we will prevail in infringement, invalidity or unenforceability claims against us. if plaintiffs in patent administrative proceedings are successful, our patent portfolio may be adversely affected. if plaintiffs in any patent action are successful, we may be enjoined from selling our products, we may have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages, or we may be required to obtain a license that requires us to pay substantial royalties. in addition, any public announcements related to litigation or administrative proceedings initiated or threatened against us could cause our stock price to decline.
we rely on technology that we license from others, including technology that is integral to our products. there is no assurance that we can obtain licenses on acceptable terms or at all. the license agreements we have entered into with several industry partners may be terminated for breach. if any of these agreements are terminated, we may be unable to reacquire the necessary license on satisfactory terms, or at all. the failure to obtain or maintain the licenses could prevent or delay further development or commercialization of our products, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.
risks relating to our trading markets our future operating results may be below securities analysts' or investors' expectations, which could cause our stock price to decline.
due to the nascent nature of our industry, we have limited insight into trends that may emerge in our market and affect our business. the revenue and income potential of our market are unproven, and we may be unable to maintain or grow our revenue. our products typically have lengthy sales cycles. in addition, our costs may be higher than we anticipated. if we fail to generate sufficient revenues or our costs are higher than we expect, our results of operations may be materially adversely affected. further, future revenue from sales of our products is difficult to forecast because the market for new surgical technologies is still evolving. our results of operations will depend upon numerous factors, including:
•   the extent to which our products achieve and maintain market acceptance;
•   our timing and ability to develop our manufacturing and sales and marketing capabilities;
•   the size and timing of particular sales and any collection delays related to those sales;
•   the progress of surgical training in the use of our products;
•   our ability to develop, introduce, and market new or enhanced versions of our products on a timely basis;
•   the progress and results of clinical trials.
our operating results in any particular period will not be a reliable indication of our future performance. it is possible that in future periods our operating results will be below the expectations of securities analysts or investors. if this occurs, the price of our common stock and the value of your investment will likely decline.
the market price of our common stock has experienced fluctuations and may fluctuate significantly in the future. for example, during fiscal 2016, it reached a high of $241.61 and a low of $169.09; during fiscal 2017, it reached a high of $403.70 and a low of $209.83; and during fiscal 2018, it reached a high of $574.74 and a low of $375.25. our stock price can fluctuate for a number of reasons, including:
•   variations in operating results and financial guidance;
•   introduction or abandonment of new technologies or products;
•   changes in product pricing policies;
•   changes in earnings estimates or recommendations by analysts;
•   changes in accounting policies;
•   economic changes and overall market volatility;
•   short sales on shares of our common stock, or other activities by short sellers; and
in addition, stock markets generally have experienced, and in the future may experience significant price and volume volatility. this volatility has a substantial effect on the market prices of securities of many public companies for reasons frequently unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the specific companies. further, the securities of many medical device companies, including us, have historically been subject to extensive price and volume fluctuations that may affect the market price of their common stock. if these broad market fluctuations continue, it may have a material adverse impact on the market price of our common stock.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview open surgery remains the predominant form of surgery and is used in almost every area of the body. however, the large incisions required for open surgery create trauma to patients, typically resulting in longer hospitalization and recovery times, increased hospitalization costs, and additional pain and suffering relative to minimally invasive surgery ("mis"), where mis is available. for over three decades, mis has reduced trauma to patients by allowing selected surgeries to be performed through small ports rather than large incisions. mis has been widely adopted for certain surgical procedures.
da vinci surgical systems enable surgeons to extend the benefits of mis to many patients who would otherwise undergo a more invasive surgery by using computational, robotic and imaging technologies to overcome many of the limitations of traditional open surgery or conventional mis. surgeons using a da vinci surgical system operate while seated comfortably at a console viewing a 3d high definition image of the surgical field. this immersive console connects surgeons to the surgical field and their instruments. while seated at the console, the surgeon manipulates instrument controls in a natural manner, similar to open surgical technique. our technology is designed to provide surgeons with a range of articulation of the surgical instruments used in the surgical field analogous to the motions of a human wrist, while filtering out the tremor inherent in a surgeon's hand. in designing our products, we focus on making our technology easy and safe to use.
our products fall into five broad categories: da vinci surgical systems, da vinci instruments, da vinci stapling, da vinci energy, and da vinci vision, including firefly fluorescence imaging systems ("firefly"), and da vinci endoscopes. we also provide a comprehensive suite of services, training, and education programs. within our integrated ecosystem, our products are designed to decrease variability in surgery by offering dependable, consistent functionality and user experiences for surgeons seeking better outcomes. we take a holistic 'systems' approach to offer intelligent technology and systems designed to work together to make mis intervention more available and applicable.
we have commercialized the following da vinci surgical systems: the da vinci standard surgical system in 1999, the da vinci s surgical system in 2006, the da vinci si surgical system in 2009, and the fourth generation da vinci xi surgical system, commercialized in 2014. we have extended our fourth generation platform, by adding the da vinci x surgical system, commercialized in the second quarter of 2017 and the da vinci sp surgical system in the third quarter of 2018. we are early in the launch of our da vinci sp surgical system and placed 15 da vinci sp systems in 2018. our rollout of the da vinci sp surgical system will be measured, putting systems in the hands of experienced da vinci users first while we optimize training pathways and our supply chain. we received clearances for the da vinci sp surgical system for urological surgical procedures in the u.s. and south korea as well as some other procedure types in south korea. we plan to seek u.s. fda clearances for additional indications for da vinci sp over time. the success of the da vinci sp product is dependent on positive experiences and improved clinical outcomes for the procedures it has been cleared for and as well as securing additional clinical clearances. all da vinci systems include a surgeon's console (or consoles), imaging electronics, a patient-side cart, and computational hardware and software.
we offer over 80 different multi-port da vinci instruments to provide surgeons' flexibility in choosing the types of tools needed to perform a particular surgery. these multi-port instruments are generally robotically controlled and provide end effectors (tips) that are similar to those used in either open or laparoscopic surgery. we offer advanced instrumentation for the da vinci si, da vinci xi, and da vinci x platforms, including the da vinci vessel sealer extend and da vinci stapler products, to provide surgeons with sophisticated, computer-aided tools to precisely and efficiently interact with tissue. da vinci x and da vinci xi surgical systems use instruments that are compatible with both x and xi systems whereas the da vinci si surgical system uses instruments that are not compatible with x or xi systems. initially we are offering nine core instruments on our da vinci sp surgical system. we plan to expand the sp instrument offering over time.
we offer single-site instruments for use with the da vinci si, da vinci xi, and da vinci x surgical systems. single-site instruments are most commonly used in cholecystectomy and hysterectomy procedures. single-site instruments are designed to enable surgeons to perform surgery through a single port via the patient's umbilicus, resulting in the potential for significantly reduced scarring.
training technologies include our da vinci skills simulator, da vinci connect remote case observation and mentoring tool, and our dual console for use in surgeon proctoring and collaborative surgery.
business model overview we generate revenue from placements of da vinci surgical systems in sale or sales-type lease arrangements where revenue is recognized up-front or in operating lease transactions where revenue is recognized over time. we earn recurring revenue from sales of instruments, accessories, and service, as well as the revenue from operating leases. the da vinci surgical system generally
sells for approximately between $0.5 million and $2.5 million, depending upon the model, configuration and geography, and represents a significant capital equipment investment for our customers when purchased. our instruments and accessories have limited lives and will either expire or wear out as they are used in surgery, at which point they need to be replaced. we earn between approximately $700 to $3,500 of instrument and accessory revenue per surgical procedure performed, depending on the type and complexity of the specific procedures performed and the number and type of instruments used. we typically enter into service contracts at the time systems are sold at an annual fee of approximately $80,000 to $190,000, depending upon the configuration of the underlying system and composition of the services offered under the contract. these service contracts have generally been renewed at the end of the initial contractual service periods.
we adopted asc 606, revenue from contracts with customers, effective january 1, 2018, using the full retrospective method. the financial results for 2016 and 2017 have been restated to reflect this adoption. the adoption did not have a material impact on revenue recognized for the periods presented in our financial statements. refer to "note 2. summary of significant accounting policies" within part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k for further information on the impact of adopting asc 606.
recurring revenue recurring revenue consists of instrument and accessory revenue, service revenue, and operating lease revenue. recurring revenue increased to $2.6 billion, or 71% of total revenue in 2018, compared with $2.2 billion, or 71% of total revenue in 2017, and $1.9 billion, or 71% of total revenue in 2016.
instrument and accessory revenue has grown at a faster rate than system revenue over time. instrument and accessory revenue increased to $2.0 billion in 2018, compared with $1.6 billion in 2017 and $1.4 billion in 2016. the growth of instrument and accessory revenue largely reflects continued procedure adoption.
service revenue growth has been driven by the growth of the base of installed da vinci surgical systems. the installed base of da vinci surgical systems grew 13% to approximately 4,986 at december 31, 2018; 13% to approximately 4,409 at december 31, 2017; and 9% to approximately 3,919 at december 31, 2016. service revenue grew 11% to $635.1 million in 2018; 12% to $572.9 million in 2017; and 10% to $510.7 million in 2016.
operating lease revenue has grown as a larger proportion of systems shipped are under operating lease arrangements. in the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016, a total of 229, 108, and 62 of system placements were classified as operating leases, respectively. revenue from operating lease arrangements is generally recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term or based upon system usage. operating lease revenue for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016, was $51.4 million, $25.9 million and $16.6 million, respectively. as of december 31, 2018, a total of 350 da vinci surgical systems were installed at customers under operating lease arrangements.
intuitive surgical da vinci system leasing since 2013, we have entered into sales-type and operating lease arrangements directly with certain qualified customers as a way to offer customers flexibility in how they acquire da vinci surgical systems and expand robotic-assisted surgery availability while leveraging our balance sheet. these leases generally have commercially competitive terms as compared with other third-party entities that offer equipment leasing. we include both operating and sales-type leases in our system shipment and installed base disclosures. we exclude operating leases from our system average selling price ("asp") computations.
in the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016, we shipped 272, 139, and 95 systems under lease arrangements, respectively, of which 229, 108, and 62 were classified as operating leases, respectively. generally, the operating lease arrangements provide our customers with the right to purchase the leased system at some point during and/or at the end of the lease term. revenue generated from customer purchases of systems under operating lease arrangements ("lease buyouts") was $48.8 million, $39.5 million, and $38.2 million for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively. we expect that revenue recognized from customer exercises of the buyout options will fluctuate based on the timing of when, and if, customers choose to exercise their buyout options. we believe our leasing program has been effective and well-received, and we are willing to expand it based on customer demand, including alternative structures such as usage-based payment models. our da vinci system leasing provides customers with flexibility regarding how they acquire da vinci surgical systems. generally, lease transactions generate similar gross margins as our sale transactions. our exposure to the credit risks relating to our lease financing arrangements may increase if our customers are adversely affected by changes in healthcare laws, coverage and reimbursement, economic pressures or uncertainty, or other customer-specific factors. also, usage-based leases generally contain no minimum lease payments; therefore, customers may exit such leases without paying a financial penalty to us.
systems revenue system placements are driven by procedure growth in most markets. in geographies where da vinci procedure adoption is in an early stage, system sales will precede procedure growth. system placements also vary due to seasonality largely aligned with hospital budgeting cycles. we typically place a higher proportion of annual system placements in the fourth quarter and a lower proportion in the first quarter as budgets are reset. system revenue grew 21% to $1,127.1 million in 2018; 16% to $928.4 million
in 2017; and 11% to $800.0 million in 2016. system revenue is also affected by the proportion of systems placed that are under operating lease arrangements, recurring operating lease revenue, operating lease buyouts, product mix, asps, and trade-in activities.
procedure mix / products our da vinci surgical systems are generally used for soft tissue surgery for areas of the body between the pelvis and the neck, primarily in general surgery, gynecologic surgery, urologic surgery, cardiothoracic surgery, and head and neck surgery. within these categories, procedures range in complexity from cancer and other highly complex procedures to less complex procedures for benign conditions. cancer and other highly complex procedures tend to be reimbursed at higher rates than less complex procedures for benign conditions. thus, hospitals are more sensitive to the costs associated with treating less complex benign conditions. our strategy is to provide hospitals with attractive clinical and economic solutions across the spectrum of procedure complexity. our fully featured da vinci xi surgical system with advanced instruments, including the endowrist vessel sealer, endowrist stapler products, and our integrated table motion product target the more complex procedure segment. our da vinci x surgical system and single-site instruments are targeted towards price sensitive markets and procedures.
procedure seasonality more than half of da vinci procedures performed are for benign conditions, most notably benign hysterectomies, hernia repairs, and cholecystectomies. these benign procedures and other short-term elective procedures tend to be more seasonal than cancer operations and surgeries for other life threatening conditions. seasonality in the u.s. for these procedures for benign conditions typically results in higher fourth quarter procedure volume when more patients have met annual deductibles and lower first quarter procedure volume when deductibles are reset. seasonality outside the u.s. varies and is more pronounced around local holidays and vacation periods.
distribution channels we provide our products through direct sales organizations in the u.s., europe (excluding spain, portugal, italy, greece, most eastern european countries), japan, south korea, india, and taiwan. in may and december 2018, we began direct operations in india and taiwan, respectively. in the remainder of our ous markets, we provide our products through distributors. chindex, a subsidiary of fosun pharma, has been our distribution partner for da vinci surgical systems in china. in january 2019, the joint venture acquired certain assets related to the distribution business of chindex and began direct operations for da vinci products and services in china.
regulatory activities clearances and approvals we have obtained the clearances required to market our multi-port products associated with all of our da vinci surgical systems (standard, s, si, xi, and x systems) for our targeted surgical specialties within the u.s., south korea, and the european markets in which we operate.
in december 2018, we received clearance for our da vinci xi surgical system in china. the xi clearance does not include advanced energy, stapling, or wireless table motion products which attach to the xi system. separate clearances are required for each of these products by china national medical products administration ("nmpa").
in may 2018, we obtained u.s. fda clearance for the da vinci sp surgical system for urologic surgical procedures that are appropriate for a single port approach. we also received regulatory clearance for the da vinci sp surgical system in south korea in may 2018. we plan to launch the da vinci sp surgical system in a measured fashion and placed 15 da vinci sp systems with customers in 2018.
in october 2018, the china national health commission published on its official website the quota for major medical equipment to be imported and sold in china through 2020. the government will allow the sale of 154 new surgical robots into china, which could include da vinci surgical systems as well as surgical systems introduced by others. sales of da vinci surgical systems under the quote are uncertain, as they are dependent on hospitals completing a tender process and receiving associated approvals.
in july 2018, we received u.s. fda clearance to market sureform 60, our da vinci endowrist 60mm stapler. in january 2019, we received u.s. fda clearance to market sureform 45 (see the description of the sureform 45 and 60 staplers in the new product introductions section below).
in april 2018, we received u.s. fda clearance for our vessel sealer extend (see the description of the da vinci vessel sealer extend in the new product introductions section below).
in april 2017, we received ce mark clearance for our da vinci x surgical system in europe. following the ce mark, in may 2017, we received u.s. fda clearance to market our da vinci x surgical system in the u.s. we received regulatory clearance for the da vinci x surgical system in south korea and japan in september 2017 and april 2018, respectively (see the description
of the da vinci x surgical system in the new product introductions section below). regulatory clearances for the da vinci x surgical system may be received in other markets over time.
the japanese ministry of health, labor, and welfare ("mhlw") considers reimbursement for procedures in april of even numbered years. the process for obtaining reimbursement requires japanese university hospitals and surgical societies, with our support, to seek reimbursement. there are multiple pathways to obtain reimbursement for procedures including those that require in-country clinical data/economic data. in april 2012 and april 2016, the mhlw granted reimbursement status for da vinci prostatectomy ("dvp") and partial nephrectomy, respectively. an additional 12 da vinci procedures were granted reimbursement effective april 1, 2018, including gastrectomy, low anterior resection, lobectomy and hysterectomy, for both malignant and benign conditions. these additional 12 reimbursed procedures have varying levels of conventional, laparoscopic penetration and will be reimbursed at rates equal to the conventional laparoscopic procedures. given the reimbursement level and laparoscopic penetration for these procedures, there can be no assurance that adoption will occur or, that the adoption pace for these procedures will be similar to any other da vinci procedure. if these procedures are not adopted and we are not successful in obtaining adequate procedure reimbursements for additional procedures, then the demand for our products in japan could be limited.
in the third quarter of 2018, we filed for u.s. fda clearance of our ion endoluminal system for obtaining lung biopsies (see the description of the ion endoluminal system in the new product introductions section below). there can be no assurance that we will receive u.s. fda clearance for this product.
recalls and corrections medical device companies have regulatory obligations to correct or remove medical devices in the field that could pose a risk to health. the definition of "recalls and corrections" is expansive and includes repair, replacement, inspections, relabeling, and issuance of new or additional instructions for use or reinforcement of existing instructions for use and training when such actions are taken for specific reasons of safety or compliance. these field actions require stringent documentation, reporting, and monitoring worldwide. there are other actions a medical device manufacturer may take in the field without reporting including, but not limited to, routine servicing and stock rotations.
as we determine whether a field action is reportable in any regulatory jurisdiction, we prepare and submit notifications to the appropriate regulatory agency for the particular jurisdiction. regulators can require the expansion, reclassification, or change in scope and language of the field action. in general, upon submitting required notifications to regulators regarding a field action which is a recall or correction, we will notify customers regarding the field action, provide any additional documentation required in their national language, and arrange, as required, return or replacement of the affected product or a field service visit to perform the correction.
field actions as well as certain outcomes from regulatory activities can result in adverse effects on our business, including damage to our reputation, delays by customers of purchase decisions, reduction or stoppage of the use of installed systems, and reduced revenue as well as increased expenses.
procedures we model patient value as equal to procedure efficacy / invasiveness. in this equation procedure efficacy is defined as a measure of the success of the surgery in resolving the underlying disease and invasiveness is defined as a measure of patient pain and disruption of regular activities. when the patient value of a da vinci procedure is greater than that of alternative treatment options, patients may benefit from seeking out surgeons and hospitals that offer robotic-assisted surgery with the da vinci surgical system. adoption of da vinci procedures occurs procedure by procedure, market by market, and is driven by the relative patient value and total treatment costs of da vinci procedures as compared with alternative treatment options for the same disease state or condition.
worldwide procedures our da vinci systems and instruments are regulated independently in various countries and regions of the world. the discussion of indications for use and representative or target procedures is intended solely to provide an understanding of the market for da vinci products and is not intended to promote for sale or use any intuitive surgical product outside of its licensed or cleared labeling and indications for use.
the adoption of robotic-assisted surgery using the da vinci surgical system has the potential to grow for those procedures that offer greater patient value than non-da vinci alternatives and competitive total economics for healthcare providers. our da vinci surgical systems are used primarily in general surgery, gynecologic surgery, urologic surgery, cardiothoracic surgery, and head and neck surgery. we focus our organization and investments on developing, marketing, and training products and services for procedures in which da vinci can bring patient value relative to alternative treatment options and/or economic benefit to healthcare providers. target procedures in general surgery include hernia repair (both ventral and inguinal) and colorectal procedures. target procedures in gynecology include da vinci hysterectomy ("dvh"), for both cancer and benign conditions, and sacrocolpopexy. target procedures in urology include prostatectomy ("dvp") and partial nephrectomy. in cardiothoracic surgery, target procedures include da vinci lobectomy and da vinci mitral valve repair. in head and neck surgery, target procedures include certain procedures resecting benign and malignant tumors classified as t1 and t2. not all the indications, procedures, or products described may be available in a given country or region or on all generations of da vinci surgical systems. surgeons and their patients need to consult the product labeling in their specific country and for each product in order to determine the cleared uses, as well as important limitations, restrictions, or contraindications.
in 2018, approximately 1,037,000 surgical procedures were performed with the da vinci surgical systems, compared with approximately 877,000 and 753,000 procedures performed in 2017 and 2016, respectively. the growth in our overall procedure volume in 2018 was driven by growth in u.s. general surgery procedures and worldwide urologic procedures.
u.s. procedures overall u.s. procedure volume grew to approximately 753,000 in 2018, compared with approximately 644,000 in 2017, and approximately 563,000 in 2016. general surgery was our largest and fastest growing u.s. specialty in 2018 with procedure volume that grew to approximately 325,000 in 2018, compared with approximately 246,000 in 2017 and 186,000 in 2016. gynecology was our second largest u.s. surgical specialty in 2018 with procedure volume of approximately 265,000 in 2018, compared with 252,000 in 2017 and 246,000 in 2016. u.s. urology procedure volume was approximately 128,000 in 2018, compared with approximately 118,000 in 2017 and 109,000 in 2016.
procedures outside of the u.s.
overall ous procedures grew to approximately 284,000 in 2018, compared with approximately 233,000 in 2017 and approximately 190,000 in 2016. procedure growth in most ous markets was driven largely by urology procedure volume, which grew to approximately 175,000 in 2018, compared with approximately 149,000 in 2017 and approximately 124,000 in 2016. general surgery and gynecologic oncology procedures also contributed to ous procedure growth.
recent business events and trends procedures overall. during the year ended december 31, 2018, total da vinci procedures grew approximately 18% compared with 16% for the year ended december 31, 2017. u.s. procedure growth during the year ended december 31, 2018, was approximately 17% compared with approximately 14% for the year ended december 31, 2017. the higher 2018 u.s. procedure growth was largely attributable to growth in general surgery procedures (most notably hernia repair, colorectal, cholecystectomy, and bariatric procedures) and thoracic procedures, as well as moderate growth in more mature gynecologic and urologic procedure categories.
procedure volume ous for the year ended december 31, 2018, grew approximately 22% compared with approximately 23% growth for the year ended december 31, 2017, driven by continued growth in dvp procedures and earlier stage growth in general surgery, gynecology, and kidney cancer procedures. we believe growth in these global markets is being driven by increased acceptance among surgeons and health systems, supported by expanded global evidence validating the clinical and economic value of da vinci procedures. the growth rate for 2018 was lower than the growth rate in the previous year primarily due to lower procedure growth in china. procedure growth in china moderated as da vinci system capacity expansion was constrained by system quota requirements, as the previous quota expired at the end of 2015 and the most recent quota was not issued until the fourth quarter of 2018 (see discussion of the china quota below under "ous procedures").
u.s. general surgery. in 2018, general surgery was our largest and fastest growing specialty in the u.s. with procedure volume that grew to approximately 325,000 in 2018, compared with approximately 246,000 in 2017, and 186,000 in 2016. ventral and inguinal hernia, combined, contributed to the most incremental growth in u.s. general surgery procedures in 2018 and 2017. we believe that growth in da vinci hernia repair reflects improved clinical outcomes within certain patient populations, as well as potential cost benefits relative to certain alternative treatments. we believe hernia repair procedures represent a significant opportunity with the potential to drive growth in future periods. however, given the differences in complexity among hernia patient populations and varying surgeon opinion regarding optimal surgical technique, it is difficult to estimate the timing of and to what extent da vinci hernia repair procedure volume will grow in the future. we expect a large portion of hernia repairs will continue to be performed via different modalities of surgery.
adoption of da vinci for colorectal procedures, which encompasses several underlying procedures including low anterior resections for rectal cancers and certain colon procedures for benign and cancerous conditions, has been ongoing for several years. this adoption is supported by our recently launched technologies such as the da vinci xi surgical system, endowrist stapler products, endowrist vessel sealer, and integrated table motion.
during 2018, we have seen increasing contributions to growth from other u.s. general surgery procedures, including cholecystectomy and bariatric procedures. our third quarter 2018 introduction of the sureform 60mm stapler product optimizes our robotic tool set for bariatric procedures. we introduced the sureform 60mm stapler at a measured pace during the second half of 2018 and we intend to broaden availability in 2019.
u.s. gynecology. in 2018, u.s. gynecology grew mid-single digits compared to 2017. procedure volume was approximately 265,000 in 2018, compared with 252,000 in 2017 and 246,000 in 2016. combining robotic, laparoscopic, and vaginal approaches, mis represents approximately 80% of the u.s. hysterectomy market for benign conditions. we believe that our growth in gynecologic procedures over the past several years has primarily been driven by consolidation of gynecologic procedures into higher volume surgeons that focus on cancer and complex surgeries.
global urology. along with u.s. general surgery, global urology procedures drove our recent procedure growth. in the u.s., dvp is the largest urology procedure. 2018 growth in u.s. dvp procedures moderated slightly compared with 2017. we believe our growth in u.s. dvp procedures is largely aligned with overall prostate cancer surgical volumes as dvp is a highly penetrated procedure. dvp is the largest overall ous procedure. 2018 growth in ous dvp was consistent with growth in 2017. adoption of dvp is at varying stages in our ous markets.
kidney cancer procedures have also been a strong contributor to our recent global urology procedure growth. clinical publications have demonstrated that the presence of a da vinci system in a hospital or market increases the likelihood that a patient will receive nephron sparing surgery through a partial nephrectomy, which typically conforms to surgical society guideline recommendations.
ous procedures. the 2018 ous procedure growth rate reflects continued da vinci adoption in european and asian markets. in china, we have experienced strong procedure utilization on systems sold under the previous public hospital quota. in 2018, procedure growth in china moderated as the previous quota expired at the end of 2015 and the 38 systems shipped under that quota reached high levels of utilization. in october 2018, the china national health commission announced a new quota to allow the sale of 154 new surgical robots into china through 2020, which could include da vinci surgical systems. this quota applies to the da vinci si and recently approved xi surgical systems (refer to the previous discussion in the "clearances and approvals" section), as well as competitors' products when and if cleared by nmpa. sales of da vinci surgical systems under the quota are uncertain, as they are dependent on hospitals completing a tender process and receiving associated approvals. in japan, we have experienced strong procedure growth since receiving national reimbursements for dvp and partial nephrectomy. however, as adoption for these procedures has progressed towards higher levels of penetration, growth in these two urologic procedures has moderated. reimbursement for dvp and partial nephrectomy were set at a premium to reimbursements for open procedures, which was the dominant treatment modality. a total of 12 additional da vinci procedures were granted national reimbursements status effective april 1, 2018, including gastrectomy, low anterior resection, lobectomy and hysterectomy, for both malignant and benign conditions. procedure growth has accelerated in japan since the new reimbursements became effective. however, these additional 12 procedures have reimbursement rates equal to conventional laparoscopic procedures, which are the dominant surgical approaches. given the reimbursement level and laparoscopic penetration for these procedures, there can be no assurance that adoption will occur or that the adoption pace for these procedures will be similar to other da vinci procedures. if these procedures are not adopted and we are not successful in obtaining adequate procedure reimbursement for additional procedures, then the demand for our products in japan could be limited.
system demand future demand for da vinci surgical systems will be impacted by factors including hospital response to the evolving health care environment under the current u.s. administration, procedure growth rates, hospital consolidation trends, evolving system utilization and point of care dynamics, capital replacement trends, additional reimbursements in various global markets, including japan, the timing around governmental tenders and authorizations, including china, the timing of when we receive regulatory clearance in our other ous markets for our da vinci xi surgical system, da vinci x surgical system, and da vinci sp surgical system, and related instruments, market response as well as other economic and geopolitical factors. market acceptance of our recently launched da vinci sp surgical system and the nature and timing of additional da vinci sp regulatory indications may also impact future system placements. demand may also be impacted by robotic surgery competition, including from companies that have introduced products in the field of robotic surgery or have made explicit statements about their efforts to enter the field including, but not limited to: auris health, inc.; avatera medical gmbh; cmr surgical limited; johnson & johnson and google inc. and their joint venture, verb surgical inc.; medicaroid inc.; medrobotics corp.; medtronic plc.; meerecompany inc.; olympus corp.; samsung corporation; smart robot technology group co. ltd.; titan medical, inc.; transenterix, inc.; and wego holding co., ltd.
new product introductions ion endoluminal system. in the third quarter of 2018, we filed for u.s. fda clearance of our ion endoluminal system for obtaining lung biopsies. ion is our new flexible robotic-assisted catheter-based platform, designed to navigate through very small airways to reach peripheral nodes for biopsies. there can be no assurance that we will receive the clearance we are seeking.
da vinci sp surgical system. in may 2018, we obtained u.s. fda clearance for the da vinci sp surgical system for urologic surgical procedures that are appropriate for a single port approach. the da vinci sp system includes three, multi-jointed, wristed instruments and the first da vinci fully wristed 3dhd camera. the instruments and the camera all emerge through a single cannula and are triangulated around the target anatomy to avoid external instrument collisions that can occur in narrow surgical workspaces. the system enables flexible port placement and broad internal and external range of motion (e.g. 360-degrees of anatomical access) through the single sp arm. surgeons control the fully articulating instruments and the camera on the da vinci sp system, which uses the same fourth generation surgeon console as the da vinci x and xi systems. the da vinci sp system provides surgeons with robotic-assisted technology designed for deep and narrow access to tissue in the body. we anticipate pursuing further regulatory clearances for the da vinci sp, including transoral and colorectal applications, broadening the applicability of the sp platform over time. we plan to launch the da vinci sp surgical system in a measured fashion, having shipped 15 sp surgical systems to customers during 2018.
da vinci x surgical system. in may 2017, we launched a new da vinci model, the da vinci x, in the u.s. the da vinci x system provides surgeons and hospitals with access to some of the most advanced fourth generation da vinci surgery technology at a lower cost. the da vinci x uses the same vision cart and surgeon console that are found on our flagship product, the da vinci xi system. for new customers, the da vinci x system provides a cost effective capital entry point while providing a pathway for upgrading to other fourth generation systems. existing customers may negotiate to trade in their older da vinci systems in order to standardize their robotics programs onto the fourth generation platform, and choosing which system model by considering clinical and economic factors.
the da vinci x enables optimized, focused-quadrant surgery including procedures like prostatectomy, hernia repair, and benign hysterectomy, among others. the system features flexible port placement and 3d digital optics, while incorporating the same advanced instruments and accessories as the da vinci xi. the new system drives operational efficiencies through set-up technology that uses voice and laser guidance, drape design that simplifies surgery preparations, and a lightweight, fully integrated endoscope.
sureform 60 and sureform 45 staplers. in july 2018, we received u.s. fda clearance in the u.s. for sureform 60 instrument with white, blue, green, and black 60mm reloads. in january 2019, we received u.s. fda clearance in the u.s. for sureform 45 instrument with white, blue, green, and black 45mm reloads. the sureform 60 and sureform 45 are single-use, fully wristed, stapling instruments intended for resection, transection, and/or creation of anastomoses. the sureform 60 has particular utility in bariatric procedures, while the sureform 45 has particular utility in colorectal procedures. sureform 60 and sureform 45 broaden our existing stapler product line, which also includes endowrist stapler 45 with white, blue, and green, 45mm reloads and endowrist 30 with white, blue, green, and gray 30mm reloads. not all reloads or staplers are available for use on all systems or in all countries.
da vinci vessel sealer extend. in april 2018, we received u.s. fda clearance for da vinci vessel sealer extend, our newest instrument in the vessel sealing family of products. da vinci vessel sealer extend is a single-use, fully wristed bipolar electrosurgical instrument compatible with our fourth generation multiport systems. it is intended for grasping and blunt dissection of tissue and for bipolar coagulation and mechanical transection of vessels up to 7mm in diameter and tissue bundles that fit in the jaws of the instrument.
intuitive surgical-fosun joint venture in september 2016, we agreed to establish the joint venture to research, develop, manufacture, and sell robotic-assisted catheter-based medical devices. the catheter-based technology will initially target early diagnosis and cost-effective treatment of lung cancer, one of the most commonly diagnosed forms of cancer in the world. the technology will be used in robotic-assisted medical devices based on catheters and incorporates proprietary intellectual property developed or owned by us. distribution of catheter-based medical devices in china will be conducted by the joint venture, while distribution outside of china will be conducted by us. the joint venture is located in china. in january 2019, the joint venture acquired these distribution rights along with certain other assets related to the distribution business of chindex, a wholly-owned subsidiary of fosun pharma, and began direct operations for da vinci products and services in china. the joint venture is owned 60% by us and 40% by fosun pharma. as of december 31, 2018, the companies have contributed $30 million of up to $100 million stipulated by the joint venture agreement. in 2018, the net loss attributable to the noncontrolling interest in the joint venture was $2.9 million.
we do not expect the joint venture to generate revenue in 2019 related to the sale of robotic-assisted catheter-based medical devices. there can be no assurance that we and the joint venture can successfully complete the development of the robotic-assisted catheter-based medical devices; or that we and the joint venture will successfully commercialize such products. there can also be no assurance that the joint venture will not require additional contributions to fund its business; that the joint venture will become profitable; or that the acquired chindex assets will be successfully integrated and the expected benefits realized.
2018 operational and financial highlights
•   approximately 1,037,000 da vinci procedures were performed during the year ended december 31, 2018, an increase of approximately 18% compared with approximately 877,000 for the year ended december 31, 2017.
•   systems revenue increased by 21% to $1,127.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2018, compared with $928.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2017. a total of 926 da vinci surgical systems were shipped for the year ended december 31, 2018, compared with 684 for the year ended december 31, 2017.
•   as of december 31, 2018, we had a da vinci surgical system installed base of approximately 4,986 systems, an increase of approximately 13% compared with the installed base as of december 31, 2017.
•   gross profit as a percentage of revenue decreased to 69.9% for the year ended december 31, 2018, compared with 70.2% for the year ended december 31, 2017. lower gross profit in 2018 is primarily attributable to lower service margins.
•   operating income increased by 13% to $1,199.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2018, compared with $1,062.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2017. operating income included $262.6 million and $209.9 million of share-based compensation expense related to employee stock plans for the years ended december 31, 2018, and 2017, respectively. operating income for the years ended december 31, 2018, and 2017, also included pre-tax net litigation charges of $45.2 million and $25.3 million, respectively. operating income for the year ended december 31, 2018, included $25.2 million of expense related to a contribution made to the intuitive foundation.
•   as of december 31, 2018, we had $4.8 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and investments. cash, cash equivalents, and investments increased by $987.9 million compared with december 31, 2017, primarily as a result of cash generated from operating activities.
•   in august 2018, we filed for u.s. fda clearance of the ion endoluminal system, our new flexible robotic-assisted catheter-based platform, designed to navigate through very small lung airways to reach peripheral nodules for biopsies.
results of operations we adopted asc 606, revenue from contracts with customers, effective january 1, 2018, using the full retrospective method. the 2017 and 2016 financial results presented below have been restated to reflect this adoption. refer to "note 2. summary of significant accounting policies" within part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k for further information on the impact of adopting asc 606.
the following table sets forth, for the years indicated, certain consolidated statements of income information (in millions, except percentages):
2018                                                                                               % oftotalrevenue                  2017          % oftotalrevenue                  2016          % oftotalrevenue revenue:
service                                                                         635.1                 17          %             572.9                 18          %             510.7                 19          %
cost of revenue:
service                                                                         213.9                  6          %             179.9                  6          %             151.0                  6          %
total cost of revenue                                                         1,120.1                 30          %             936.2                 30          %             813.6                 30          %
product gross profit                                                          2,182.9                 59          %           1,809.0                 58          %           1,533.2                 57          %
service gross profit                                                            421.2                 11          %             393.0                 12          %             359.7                 13          %
gross profit                                                                  2,604.1                 70          %           2,202.0                 70          %           1,892.9                 70          %
operating expenses:
research and development                                                        418.1                 11          %             328.6                 10          %             239.6                  9          %
total operating expenses                                                      1,404.7                 38          %           1,139.1                 36          %             943.2                 35          %
total revenue total revenue increased by 19% to $3.7 billion for the year ended december 31, 2018, compared with $3.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2017. total revenue for the year ended december 31, 2017, increased by 16% compared with $2.7 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase in total revenue for the year ended december 31, 2018, reflects 20% higher instrument and accessory revenue driven by approximately 18% higher procedure volume, 21% higher systems revenue, and 11% higher service revenue. the increase in total revenue for the year ended december 31, 2017, reflects 17% higher instrument and accessory revenue driven by approximately 16% higher procedure volume, 16% higher systems revenue, and 12% higher service revenue.
revenue denominated in foreign currencies was approximately 20%, 17%, and 19% of total revenue for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively. we sell our products and services in local currencies where we have direct distribution channels. foreign currency rate fluctuations did not have a material impact on total revenue for the year ended december 31, 2018, as compared with 2017, or for the year ended december 31, 2017, as compared with 2016.
revenue generated in the u.s. accounted for 71%, 73%, and 72% of total revenue during the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively. we believe that u.s. revenue has accounted for the large majority of total revenue due to patients' ability to choose their provider and method of treatment in the u.s., reimbursement structures supportive of innovation and minimally invasive surgery, and initial investments focused on our u.s. infrastructure. we have been investing in our business in the ous market and our ous procedures have grown faster in proportion to u.s. procedures. we expect that our ous procedures and revenue will make up a greater portion of our business in the long term.
the following table summarizes our revenue and da vinci surgical system unit shipments for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively (in millions, except percentages and unit shipments):
systems                                                                          1,127.1                   928.4                   800.0
services                                                                           635.1                   572.9                   510.7
% of revenue - u.s.                                                                   71    %                 73    %                 72    %
% of revenue - ous                                                                    29    %                 27    %                 28    %
services                                                                           635.1                   572.9                   510.7
operating lease                                                                     51.4                    25.9                    16.6
% of total revenue                                                                    71    %                 71    %                 71    %
*systems shipped under operating leases (included in total unit shipments)           229                     108                      62
unit shipments involving system trade-ins:
instrument and accessory revenue increased by 20% to $2.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2018, compared with $1.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2017. the increase in instrument and accessory revenue was driven by procedure growth of approximately 18% and higher sales of our advanced instruments, partially offset by procedure mix. u.s. procedure growth in 2018 was approximately 17% compared with 14% in 2017 and was driven by growth in general surgery procedures, most notably hernia repair and colorectal procedures; thoracic procedures; and a moderate growth in the more mature gynecologic
and urologic procedure categories. ous procedure growth in 2018 was approximately 22% compared with 23% in 2017. key drivers for ous procedure growth in both years reflected growth in dvp procedures and earlier stage growth in kidney cancer procedures, general surgery, and gynecology. geographically, ous procedure growth has been driven by procedure expansion in japan, china, and south korea. procedure growth varied by country in our european market.
systems revenue increased by 21% to $1,127.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2018, compared with $928.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2017. higher systems revenue was primarily driven by higher system shipments, partly offset by a higher number of system placements under operating lease arrangements.
during 2018, a total of 926 systems were shipped compared with 684 systems in 2017. by geography, 581 systems were shipped into the u.s., 169 into europe, 116 into asia, and 60 into other markets, compared with 417 systems shipped into the u.s., 122 into europe, 108 into asia, and 37 into other markets in 2017. during 2018, 229 of the 926 systems were shipped under operating lease arrangements compared with 108 of 684 systems shipped during 2017. the increase in system shipments was primarily driven by procedure growth and the need for hospitals to expand or establish capacity. higher 2018 capital replacement shipments also contributed to overall 2018 system growth as 277 of 926 systems placed in 2018 involved trade-ins of older models, compared to 163 of 684 systems in 2017.
operating lease revenue was $51.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2018, compared with $25.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2017. revenue from lease buyouts was $48.8 million for year ended december 31, 2018, compared with $39.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2017.
the asp for da vinci surgical systems sold, which excludes operating lease and lease buyout revenue, was approximately $1.45 million and $1.47 million for 2018 and 2017, respectively. asps fluctuate period to period based on geographic and product mix, product pricing, systems shipped involving trade-ins, and changes in foreign exchange rates.
instrument and accessory revenue increased by 17% to $1.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared with $1.4 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase in instrument and accessory revenue was driven by procedure growth of approximately 16% and higher sales of our advanced instruments, partially offset by customer efficiency gains and timing of orders. u.s. procedure growth in 2017 was approximately 14% compared with 13% in 2016 and was driven by growth in general surgery procedures, most notably hernia repair and colorectal procedures; thoracic procedures and a moderate growth in the more mature gynecologic and urologic procedure categories. ous procedure growth was approximately 23% for 2017, compared with 24% for 2016, driven by continued growth in dvp procedures, earlier stage growth in kidney cancer procedures, general surgery, and gynecology. geographically, ous procedure growth for the year ended december 31, 2017, was driven by strong procedure expansion in japan, china, and south korea. procedure growth varied by country in our european market.
systems revenue increased by 16% to $928.4 million during the year ended december 31, 2017, compared with $800.0 million during the year ended december 31, 2016. higher systems revenue was primarily driven by higher system shipments and partly offset by a higher number of system placements under operating lease arrangements and lower da vinci surgical system asp.
during 2017, a total of 684 systems were shipped compared with 537 systems in 2016. by geography, 417 systems were shipped into the u.s., 108 into asia, 122 to europe, and 37 into other markets, compared with 338 systems shipped into the u.s., 96 into asia, 79 into europe, and 24 into other markets in 2016. during 2017, 108 of the 684 systems were shipped under operating lease arrangements compared with 62 of 537 systems shipped during 2016. the increase in system shipments was primarily driven by procedure growth and the need for hospitals to establish or expand capacity.
the asp for da vinci surgical systems sold, which excludes operating lease and lease buyout revenue, was approximately $1.47 million and $1.52 million for 2017 and 2016, respectively. the lower 2017 asp was driven by a higher proportion of systems sales into price sensitive market segments. asps fluctuate period to period based on geographic and product mix, product pricing, systems shipped involving trade-ins, and changes in foreign exchange rates.
service revenue service revenue increased by 11% to $635.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2018, compared with $572.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2017. service revenue increased by 12% to $572.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared with $510.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. higher service revenue in 2018 and 2017 was primarily driven by a larger installed base of da vinci surgical systems producing service revenue.
gross profit product gross profit increased by 21% for the year ended december 31, 2018, to $2.2 billion, representing 70.7% of product revenue, compared with $1.8 billion, representing 70.5% of product revenue, for the year ended december 31, 2017. the higher 2018 product gross profit was primarily driven by higher product revenue.
product gross profit margin for the year ended december 31, 2018, was consistent with the year ended december 31, 2017, as higher costs associated with new product introductions were largely offset by manufacturing efficiencies and product cost reductions.
product gross profit for the year ended december 31, 2017, increased by 18% to $1.8 billion, or 70.5% of product revenue, compared with $1.5 billion, or 69.8% of product revenue, for the year ended december 31, 2016. the slightly higher 2017 product gross profit was due to manufacturing efficiencies and product cost reductions on some of our newer products, partially offset by a $7.8 million litigation settlement charge related to a license and supply agreement recognized in cost of revenue during the first quarter of 2017, and a $7.1 million mdet refund in 2016. in december 2015, the consolidated appropriations act, 2016 (the "appropriations act") was signed into law. the appropriations act included a two-year moratorium on mdet such that medical device sales in 2016 and 2017 were exempt from the excise tax. new legislation was passed in january 2018 such that mdet will be delayed in until january 1, 2020.
product gross profit for the year ended december 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016, included share-based compensation expense of $36.4 million, $28.1 million, and $25.2 million, respectively, and amortization expense of intangible assets of $6.1 million, $5.4 million, and $7.8 million, respectively.
service gross profit for the year ended december 31, 2018, increased to $421.2 million, or 66.3% of service revenue, compared with $393.0 million, or 68.6% of service revenue, for the year ended december 31, 2017. the higher 2018 service gross profit was driven by higher service revenue, reflecting a larger installed base of da vinci surgical systems, partially offset by lower service gross profit margin. the lower service gross profit margin for the year ended december 31, 2018 was driven by higher costs associated with the repair and replacement of da vinci xi/x endoscope products.
service gross profit for the year ended december 31, 2017, increased to $393.0 million, or 68.6% of service revenue, compared with $359.7 million, or 70.4% of service revenue, for the year ended december 31, 2016. the higher 2017 service gross profit was driven by higher service revenue, reflecting a large installed base of da vinci surgical systems, partially offset by lower service gross profit margin. the lower service gross profit margin for the year ended december 31, 2017, was primarily driven by higher costs associated with the repair of da vinci xi endoscope products.
service gross profit for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016, included share-based compensation expense of $16.8 million, $14.0 million, and $12.4 million, respectively.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses include costs for sales, marketing and administrative personnel, sales and marketing activities, tradeshow expenses, legal expenses, regulatory fees, and general corporate expenses.
selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31, 2018, increased by 22% to $986.6 million, compared with $810.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2017. the higher selling, general and administrative expenses in 2018 were primarily associated with expansion of our asian and european teams, infrastructure to support our growing operations, litigation charges, increased headcount in our u.s. commercial teams to support our growth, and the establishment of the intuitive foundation. in 2018, we made a charitable contribution of $25.2 million to establish the intuitive foundation, a section 501(c)(3) qualifying not-for-profit entity whose mission is to reduce the global burden of disease and suffering through research, education, and philanthropy aimed at better outcomes for patients around the globe.
selling, general and administrative expenses included pre-tax litigation charges of $45.2 million and $17.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2018, and 2017, respectively. the litigation charge for the year ended december 31, 2018, was primarily related to the settlement of the abrams class action lawsuit further described in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8.
selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31, 2017, increased by 15% to $810.5 million compared with $703.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase was primarily due to higher variable compensation costs, higher ous expenses associated with our expanded asian and european teams, infrastructure to support our growth, higher headcount, and higher litigation charges. selling, general and administrative expenses also included pre-tax litigation charges of $17.5 million and $12.1 million for the years ended december 31, 2017, and 2016 respectively.
research and development expenses research and development costs are expensed as incurred. research and development expenses include costs associated with the design, development, testing, and significant enhancement of our products.
research and development expenses for the year ended december 31, 2018, increased by 27% to $418.1 million, compared with $328.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2017. the increase was primarily due to higher personnel and other project costs to support a broader set of product development initiatives, including our robotic-assisted catheter-based medical devices; advanced imaging and analytics; advanced instrumentation; future generations of robotics; and expenses related to licensed intellectual property.
research and development expenses for the year ended december 31, 2017, increased by 37% to $328.6 million compared with $239.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase was primarily due to higher personnel and other project costs to support a broader set of product development initiatives, including da vinci platform products; da vinci single port surgical system; our robotic-assisted catheter-based medical devices; advanced imaging and analytics; advanced instrumentation; future generation of robotics; and expense related to licensed intellectual property.
share-based compensation expense charged to research and development expense during the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016, was $76.2 million, $56.0 million, and $43.0 million, respectively. amortization expense related to intangible assets for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016, was $5.8 million, $7.5 million, and $10.4 million, respectively.
research and development expenses fluctuate with project timing. based upon our broader set of product development initiatives and the stage of the underlying projects, we expect to continue to make substantial investments in research and development and anticipate that research and development expenses will continue to increase in the future.
income tax expense our income tax expense was $154.5 million, $433.9 million, and $247.0 million for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively. the effective tax rate for 2018 was approximately 12.1% compared with 39.3% for 2017, and 25.1% for 2016. our effective tax rate for 2018 differs from the u.s. federal statutory rate of 21% primarily due to the excess tax benefits recognized for employee share-based compensation, the effect of income earned by certain overseas entities being taxed at rates lower than the federal statutory rate, federal research and development credit benefit, and the release of unrecognized tax benefits from expiration of statutes of limitations, partially offset by state income taxes (net of federal benefit) and u.s. tax on foreign earnings.
our tax rate for 2017 reflected the effect of the below mentioned one-time discrete items associated with the enactment of the 2017 tax act. besides the impact of the 2017 tax act, our tax rates for 2017 and 2016 differ from the u.s. federal statutory rate of 35% also due to the effect of income earned by certain overseas entities being taxed at rates lower than the federal statutory rate and reversal of certain unrecognized tax benefits, partially offset by state income taxes (net of federal benefit). our 2018, 2017, and 2016 tax provision reflected tax benefits of $5.2 million, $62.4 million, and $15.8 million, respectively associated with the reversal of unrecognized tax benefits and interests resulting from expiration of statutes of limitations in multiple jurisdictions and certain audit settlements.
on december 22, 2017, the u.s. federal government enacted the 2017 tax act. the 2017 tax act includes a number of changes in existing tax law impacting businesses, including a one-time deemed repatriation of cumulative undistributed foreign earnings and a permanent reduction in the u.s. federal statutory rate from 35% to 21%, effective on january 1, 2018. under u.s. gaap, changes in tax rates and tax law are accounted for in the period of enactment and deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the enacted tax rate. consistent with guidance issued by the securities exchange commission ("sec"), which provides for a measurement period of one year from the enactment date to finalize the accounting for effects of the 2017 tax act, we estimated an income tax expense of $317.8 million related to the 2017 tax act, $270.2 million of which related to the one-time deemed repatriation toll charge ("toll tax"), and $47.6 million related to the re-measurement of our net deferred tax assets at the reduced u.s. federal statutory rate of 21%.
in december 2018, we completed our accounting for the effect of the 2017 tax act within the measurement period under the sec guidance, and reflected a $0.5 million net increase in the 2018 income tax expense. we have adopted the approach of recording the consequences of the global intangible low-taxed income provision of the 2017 tax act as period costs when incurred. in addition, we repatriated $1.6 billion of our cumulative undistributed foreign earnings back to the u.s. in june 2018 without any significant u.s. income tax consequences. we intend to repatriate earnings from our swiss subsidiary as needed since the u.s.
and foreign tax implications of such repatriations are not expected to be significant. we will continue to indefinitely reinvest earnings from the rest of our foreign subsidiaries, which are not significant.
asu no. 2016-09, improvements to employee share-based payment accounting, changes how the tax effects of share-based awards are recognized and requires excess tax benefits and tax deficiencies associated with employee equity to be recognized in the provision for income taxes as discrete items in the period when the awards vest or are settled, whereas previously such income tax effects were recorded as part of additional paid-in capital. our 2018 and 2017 provisions for income taxes included excess tax benefits associated with employee equity plans of $116.2 million and $102.8 million, respectively, which reduced our effective tax rate by 9.1 and 9.3 percentage points, respectively, for the years ended december 31, 2018 and 2017. the amount of excess tax benefits or deficiencies will fluctuate from period to period based on the price of our stock, the volume of share-based instruments settled or vested, and the value assigned to employee equity awards under u.s. gaap, and will result in increased income tax expense volatility.
our 2007 swiss tax holiday ended on december 31, 2017 and we received a new swiss tax ruling for new business operations in switzerland. the new tax ruling is effective for years 2018 through 2022, which will be extended for the next five years thereafter, to the extent certain terms and conditions continue to be met. the new ruling allows for a reduced cantonal tax rate based on various thresholds of investment, including the ownership, development, and use of non-u.s. intellectual property rights and employment in such jurisdiction. we currently do not expect that the change to the new ruling will materially impact our future annual swiss income tax expense.
we file federal, state, and foreign income tax returns in many jurisdictions in the u.s. and abroad. years prior to 2015 are considered closed for most significant jurisdictions. certain of our unrecognized tax benefits could reverse based on the normal expiration of various statutes of limitations, which could affect our effective tax rate in the period in which they reverse.
we are subject to the examination of our income tax returns by the internal revenue service and other tax authorities. the outcome of these audits cannot be predicted with certainty. management regularly assesses the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. if any issues addressed in our tax audits are resolved in a manner not consistent with management's expectations, we could be required to adjust our provision for income taxes in the period such resolution occurs.
liquidity and capital resources sources and uses of cash our principal source of liquidity is cash provided by operations and issuance of common stock through exercise of stock options and our employee stock purchase program. cash and cash equivalents plus short- and long-term investments increased by $1.0 billion to $4.8 billion as of december 31, 2018, from $3.8 billion as of december 31, 2017, primarily as a result of cash provided by our operations and employee stock option exercises. cash and cash equivalents plus short- and long-term investments decreased by $1.0 billion to $3.8 billion as of december 31, 2017, from $4.8 billion as of december 31, 2016, primarily as a result of the $2.3 billion accelerated share buyback program executed and settled during 2017, partly offset by cash provided by our operations and employee stock option exercises. cash generation is one of our fundamental strengths and provides us with substantial financial flexibility in meeting our operating, investing, and financing needs.
as of december 31, 2018, $225.8 million of our cash, cash equivalents, and investments were held by foreign subsidiaries, which decreased from $1.5 billion as of december 31, 2017, primarily due to the repatriation of $1.4 billion of foreign subsidiaries' cash, cash equivalents, and investments in the second quarter of 2018. we intend to repatriate earnings from our swiss subsidiary as needed since the u.s. and foreign tax implications of such repatriations are not expected to be significant. we will continue to indefinitely reinvest earnings from the rest of our foreign subsidiaries, which are not significant. we believe the cash provided by our operations will meet our liquidity needs for the foreseeable future.
see "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" for discussion on the impact of interest rate risk and market risk on our investment portfolio.
operating activities                                                         $1,169.6                $1,143.9                $1,087.0
effect of exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash          (0.1    )                2.1                       -
operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2018, cash provided by our operating activities of $1,169.6 million exceeded our net income of $1,125.0 million due to non-cash charges and changes in operating assets and liabilities as outlined below:
1.   our net income included non-cash charges: share-based compensation of $261.2 million; depreciation and loss on disposal of property, plant, and equipment of $108.6 million; deferred income taxes of $31.9 million; amortization of intangible assets of $14.2 million; amortization of contract acquisition asset of $10.6 million; and investment related non-cash charges of $1.8 million.
2.   changes in operating assets and liabilities resulted in $383.7 million of cash used in operating activities during the year ended december 31, 2018. operating assets and liabilities are primarily comprised of accounts receivable, inventory, prepaid expenses and other assets, accrued compensation and employee benefits, deferred revenue, and other accrued liabilities. inventory, including the transfer of equipment from inventory to property, plant, and equipment, increased by $279.0 million primarily due to more systems under operating lease arrangements and an increase in inventory to meet higher sales volumes and add safety stock to mitigate possible trade and supplier matters. accounts receivable increased by $161.3 million primarily due to higher customer billings and timing of billings and collections. prepaid expenses and other assets increased by $77.7 million. the unfavorable impact of these items on cash used by operating activities was partly offset by a $54.3 million increase in deferred revenue, a $37.1 million increase in other accrued liabilities, and a $26.2 million increase in accrued compensation and employee benefits.
for the year ended december 31, 2017, cash provided by our operating activities of $1,143.9 million exceeded our net income of $670.9 million due to non-cash charges and changes in operating assets and liabilities as outlined below:
1.   our net income included non-cash charges, including share-based compensation of $209.1 million, depreciation and loss of disposal of property, plant, and equipment of $86.2 million, deferred income taxes of $60.2 million, investment related non-cash charges of $21.2 million, and amortization of intangible assets of $12.9 million.
2.   changes in operating assets and liabilities resulted in $73.5 million of cash provided by operating activities during the year ended december 31, 2017. operating assets and liabilities are primarily comprised of accounts receivable, inventory, prepaid expenses and other assets, deferred revenue, and other accrued liabilities. other accrued liabilities increased by $219.4 million, primarily due to an increase in income tax payable as a result of the 2017 tax act. deferred revenue, which includes deferred service revenue that is being recognized as revenue over the service contract period, increased by $43.7 million primarily due to the higher number of installed systems for which service contracts existed. accrued compensation and employee benefits increased by $31.2 million. accounts payable increased by $14.0 million. the favorable impact of these items on cash provided by operating activities was partly offset by an increase of $115.5 million in inventory, including the transfer of equipment from inventory to property, plant, and equipment; an increase of $81.4 million in accounts receivable; and an increase of $38.9 million in prepaids and other assets. the increase in accounts receivable was primarily driven by higher revenue and timing of collections. the increase in prepaids and other assets was primarily driven by higher lease receivable balances resulting from sales-type lease arrangement transactions entered into during the year ended december 31, 2017.
for the year ended december 31, 2016, cash provided by our operating activities of $1,087.0 million exceeded our net income of $735.9 million primarily due certain to non-cash charges as outlined below:
1.   our net income included non-cash charges including in the form of share-based compensation of $177.6 million; depreciation and loss of disposal of property, plant, and equipment of $73.9 million; investment related non-cash charges of $35.9 million; deferred income tax of $20.9 million; and amortization of intangible assets of $18.2 million.
2.   the non-cash charges outlined above were partly offset by changes in operating assets and liabilities that resulted in $17.7 million of cash used by operating activities during the year ended december 31, 2016. operating assets and liabilities are primarily comprised of accounts receivable, inventory, prepaid expenses, deferred revenue, and other accrued liabilities. inventory, including the transfer of equipment from inventory to property, plant and equipment, increased by $46.7 million. accounts receivable increased $34.2 million primarily driven by higher revenue and timing of collections. prepaids and other assets increased $39.2 million primarily driven by higher lease receivable balances resulting from sales-type lease arrangement transactions entered into during year ended december 31, 2016. the unfavorable impact of these items on cash provided by operating activities was partly offset by a $53.7 million increase in other liabilities, primarily due to higher income tax payable, a $14.1 million increase in deferred revenue, an $18.7 million increase in accrued compensation and employee benefits, and a $15.9 million increase in accounts payable. deferred revenue, which includes deferred service revenue that is being recognized as revenue over the service contract period, increased primarily due to the increase in the number of installed systems for which service contracts existed.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2018, consisted of purchases of investments (net of the proceeds from the sales and maturities of investments) of $774.3 million, the purchases of property, plant, and equipment of $187.4 million, and acquisition of businesses for $87.9 million.
net cash provided by investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2017, consisted of proceeds from the sales and maturities of investments (net of purchases of investments) of $569.4 million partly offset by purchases of property, plant, and equipment of $190.7 million.
net cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2016, consisted of purchases of investments (net of the proceeds from the sales and maturities of investments) of $1.2 billion and purchases of property, plant, and equipment for $53.9 million.
we invest predominantly in high quality, fixed income securities. our investment portfolio may at any time contain investments in u.s. treasury and u.s. government agency securities, taxable and tax exempt municipal notes, corporate notes and bonds, commercial paper, non-u.s. government agency securities, cash deposits, and money market funds.
financing activities net cash provided by financing activities during 2018 primarily consisted of proceeds from stock option exercises and employee stock purchases of $236.6 million, partly offset by taxes paid on behalf of employees related to net share settlement of vested employee equity awards of $120.0 million.
net cash used in financing activities during 2017 primarily consisted of $2,274.0 million related to an accelerated share buyback program executed and settled during 2017 and taxes paid on behalf of employees related to net share settlement of vested employee equity awards of $56.6 million. these uses were partly offset by proceeds from stock option exercises and employee stock purchases of $415.5 million.
net cash provided by financing activities in 2016 consisted primarily of proceeds from stock option exercises and employee stock purchases of $580.9 million, partly offset by $42.5 million used for the repurchase of 0.2 million shares of our common
stock through open market transactions and taxes paid on behalf of employees related to net share settlement of vested employee equity awards of $24.0 million.
our business has not been capital intensive. however, with the growth of our business and our investments in property and facilities and in manufacturing automation, capital investments have increased. we expect capital investments to exceed $250 million in each of the next two years. we intend to fund these needs with cash generated from operations.
our cash requirements depend on numerous factors, including market acceptance of our products, the resources we devote to developing and supporting our products, and other factors. we expect to continue to devote substantial resources to expand procedure adoption and acceptance of our products. we have made substantial investments in our commercial operations, product development activities, facilities, and intellectual property. based upon our business model, we anticipate that we will continue to be able to fund future growth through cash provided from operations. we believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, and investment balances, together with income to be derived from the sale of our products, will be sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements beyond one year and for the foreseeable future.
contractual obligations and commercial commitments the following table summarizes our contractual obligations and commercial commitments as of december 31, 2018 (in millions):
payments due by period total             less than1 year             1 to 3 years             3 to 5 years           more than 5 years operating leases                             $95.4                   $15.1                     $27.2                    $22.2                      $30.9
operating leases. we lease spaces for operations in the u.s. as well as in japan, south korea, mexico, and other foreign countries. we also lease automobiles for certain sales and field service employees. operating lease amounts include future minimum lease payments under all our non-cancellable operating leases with an initial term in excess of one year.
purchase commitments and obligations. these amounts include an estimate of all open purchase orders and contractual obligations in the ordinary course of business, including commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers, for which we have not received the goods or services and acquisition and licensing of intellectual property. a majority of these purchase obligations are due within a year. although open purchase orders are considered enforceable and legally binding, the terms generally allow us the option to cancel, reschedule, and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to the delivery of goods or performance of services. in addition to the above, we have committed to make potential future milestone payments to third parties as part of licensing, collaboration and development arrangements. payments under these agreements generally become due and payable only upon achievement of certain developmental, regulatory and/or commercial milestones. because the achievement of these milestones is neither probable nor reasonably estimable, such contingencies have not been recorded on our consolidated balance sheets and have not been included in the table above.
other. we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate as to when payments may occur for our unrecognized tax benefits. therefore, our liability for unrecognized tax benefits is not included in the table above. as of december 31, 2018, our obligation associated with the deemed repatriation toll charge is $246.7 million, which is expected to be paid in installments.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2018, we did not have any significant off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in item 303(a)(4)(ii) of sec regulation s-k promulgated under the exchange act.
critical accounting estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("u.s. gaap"), which requires us to make judgments, estimates and assumptions. see "note 2. summary of significant accounting policies," in notes to the consolidated financial statements, which is included in "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data," which describes our significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. the methods, estimates and judgments that we use in applying our accounting policies require us to make difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates regarding matters that are inherently uncertain. our most critical accounting estimates include:
•   the valuation and recognition of investments, which impacts our investment portfolio balance when we assess fair value, and interest and other income, net, when we record impairments;
•   the standalone selling prices used to allocate the contract consideration to the individual performance obligations, which impacts revenue recognition;
•   the allowance for sales returns and doubtful accounts, which impacts revenue;
•   the estimation of transactions to hedge, which impacts revenue and expense;
•   the valuation of inventory, which impacts gross profit margins;
•   the valuation of and assessment of recoverability of intangible assets and their estimated useful lives, which primarily impacts gross profit margin or operating expenses when we record asset impairments or accelerate their amortization;
•   the valuation and recognition of share-based compensation, which impacts gross profit margin and operating expenses;
•   the recognition and measurement of current and deferred income taxes (including the measurement of uncertain tax positions), which impact our provision for taxes; and
•   the estimate of probable loss associated with legal contingencies, which impacts accrued liabilities and operating expenses.
investments valuation fair value. our investment portfolio may at any time contain investments in u.s. treasuries and u.s. government agency securities, non-u.s. government securities, taxable and/or tax exempt municipal notes, corporate notes and bonds, commercial paper, cash deposits, and money market funds. the assessment of the fair value of investments can be difficult and subjective. u.s. gaap establishes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value. each level of input has different levels of subjectivity and difficulty involved in determining fair value. valuation of level 1 and 2 instruments generally do not require significant management judgment and the estimation is not difficult. level 3 instruments include unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. the determination of fair value for level 3 instruments requires the most management judgment and subjectivity. there were no level 3 securities for the periods presented.
other-than-temporary impairment. after determining the fair value of our available-for-sale instruments, gains or losses on these securities are recorded to other comprehensive income ("oci"), until either the security is sold or we determine that the decline in value is other-than-temporary. the primary differentiating factors we considered in classifying impairments as either temporary or other-than-temporary impairments are our intent and ability to retain our investment in the issuer for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value, the length of the time and the extent to which the market value of the investment has been less than cost, the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer. these judgments could prove to be wrong, and companies with relatively high credit ratings and solid financial conditions may not be able to fulfill their obligations.
no significant impairment charges were recorded during the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016. as of december 31, 2018, and 2017, net unrealized losses on investments of $9.8 million and $11.3 million, net of tax, respectively, were included in accumulated other comprehensive loss.
revenue recognition. our system sale arrangements contain multiple products and services, including system(s), system components, system accessories, instruments, accessories, and service. other than service, we generally deliver all of the products upfront. each of these products and services is a distinct performance obligation. system accessories, instruments, accessories, and service are also sold on a standalone basis.
for multiple-element arrangements, revenue is allocated to each performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price. standalone selling prices are based on observable prices at which we separately sell the products or services. if a standalone selling price is not directly observable, then we estimate the standalone selling prices considering market conditions and entity-specific factors including, but not limited to, features and functionality of the products and services, geographies, type of customer, and market conditions. we regularly review standalone selling prices and maintain internal controls over establishing and updating these estimates.
our system sales arrangements generally include a five-year period of service. the first year of service is generally free and included in the system sale arrangement and the remaining four years are at a stated service price. revenue that is allocated to service obligation is deferred and recognized ratably over the service period.
allowance for sales returns and doubtful accounts. we record estimated reductions in revenue for potential returns of certain products by customers and other allowances. as a result, management must make estimates of potential future product returns and other allowances related to current period product revenue. in making such estimates, management analyzes historical returns, current economic trends and changes in customer demand and acceptance of our products. if management were to make different judgments or utilize different estimates, material differences in the amount of reported revenue could result.
similarly, we make estimates of the collectability of accounts receivable, especially analyzing the aging and nature of accounts receivable and historical bad debts, customer concentrations, customer credit-worthiness, current economic trends, and changes in customer payment terms when evaluating the adequacy of the allowance for doubtful accounts. credit evaluations are undertaken for all major sales transactions before shipment is authorized. on a quarterly basis, we evaluate aged items in the accounts receivable aging report and provide an allowance in an amount we deem adequate for doubtful accounts. if management were to make different judgments or utilize different estimates, material differences in the amount of our reported operating expenses could result.
hedge accounting for derivatives. we utilize foreign currency forward exchange contracts to hedge certain anticipated foreign currency denominated sales transactions and expenses. when specific criteria required by relevant accounting standards have been met, changes in fair values of hedge contracts relating to anticipated transactions are recorded in oci rather than net income until the underlying hedged transaction affects net income. by their nature, our estimates of anticipated transactions may fluctuate over time and may ultimately vary from actual transactions. when we determine that the transactions are no longer probable within a certain time-frame, we are required to reclassify the cumulative changes in the fair values of the related hedge contracts from oci to net income.
inventory valuation. inventory is stated at the lower of standard cost, which approximates actual costs, or net realizable value, on a first-in, first-out basis. the cost basis of our inventory is reduced for any products that are considered excessive or obsolete based upon assumptions about future demand and market conditions. if actual future demand or market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management, additional inventory write-downs may be required, which could have a material adverse effect on the results of our operations.
intangible assets. our intangible assets include identifiable intangibles and goodwill. identifiable intangibles include developed technology, patents, distribution rights, customer relationships, licenses, and non-competition arrangements. all of our identifiable intangibles have finite lives. goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives are subject to an annual impairment review (or more frequent if impairment indicators arise) by applying a fair value based test. there have been no such impairments.
identifiable intangible assets with finite lives are subject to impairment testing and are reviewed for impairment when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset is not recoverable and its carrying amount exceeds its fair value. we evaluate the recoverability of the carrying value of these identifiable intangible assets based on estimated undiscounted cash flows to be generated from such assets. if the cash flow estimates or the significant operating assumptions upon which they are based change in the future, we may be required to record additional impairment charges.
the valuation and classification of intangible assets and goodwill and the assignment of useful lives for purposes of amortization involves judgments and the use of estimates. the evaluation of these intangibles and goodwill for impairment under established accounting guidelines is required on a recurring basis. changes in business conditions could potentially require future adjustments to the assumptions made. when we determine that the useful lives of assets are shorter than we had originally estimated, we accelerate the rate of amortization over the assets' new, shorter useful lives. no impairment charge or accelerated amortization was recorded for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016. a considerable amount of judgment is required in assessing impairment, which includes financial forecasts. if conditions are different from management's current estimates, material write-downs of long-lived assets may be required, which would adversely affect our operating results.
business combinations. we allocate the fair value of the purchase consideration to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at the acquisition date. the excess of the fair value of the purchase consideration over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. when determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, management is required to make certain estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. the estimates and assumptions used in valuing intangible assets include, but are not limited to, the amount and timing of projected future cash flows, the discount rate used to determine the present value of these cash flows, and the determination of the assets' life cycle. these estimates are inherently uncertain and, therefore, actual results may differ from the estimates made.
accounting for stock options. we account for share-based compensation in accordance with the fair value recognition provisions of u.s. gaap. we use the black-scholes-merton option-pricing model which requires the input of highly subjective assumptions. these assumptions include estimating the length of time employees will retain their vested stock options before exercising them, the estimated volatility of our common stock price over the expected term, and the number of options that will ultimately not complete their vesting requirements. the assumptions for expected volatility and expected term are the two assumptions that most significantly affect the grant date fair value of stock options. changes in expected risk-free rate of return do not significantly impact the calculation of fair value, and determining this input is not highly subjective.
we use implied volatility based on freely traded options in the open market, as we believe implied volatility is more reflective of market conditions and a better indicator of expected volatility than historical volatility. in determining the appropriateness of relying on implied volatility, we considered the following:
•   the sufficiency of the trading volume of freely traded options;
•   the ability to reasonably match the terms, such as the date of the grant and the exercise price of the freely traded options to options granted; and
•   the length of the term of the freely traded options used to derive implied volatility.
the expected term represents the weighted-average period that our stock options are expected to be outstanding. the expected term is based on the observed and expected time to exercise. we determine expected term based on historical exercise patterns and our expectation of the time it will take for employees to exercise options still outstanding.
we develop an estimate of the number of share-based awards that will be forfeited due to employee turnover. adjustments in the estimated forfeiture rates can have a significant effect on our reported share-based compensation, as we recognize the cumulative effect of the rate adjustments for all expense amortization in the period the estimated forfeiture rates were adjusted. we estimate and adjust forfeiture rates based on a periodic review of recent forfeiture activity and expected future employee turnover. if a revised forfeiture rate is higher than previously estimated forfeiture rate, we may make an adjustment that will result in a decrease to the expense recognized in the financial statements during the period when the rate was changed. adjustments in the estimated forfeiture rates could also cause changes in the amount of expense that we recognize in future periods.
changes in these subjective assumptions can materially affect the estimate of fair value of stock options and, consequently, the related amount of share-based compensation expense recognized on the consolidated statements of income.
accounting for income taxes. significant management judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against net deferred tax assets in accordance with u.s. gaap. these estimates and judgments occur in the calculation of tax credits, benefits, and deductions, and in the calculation of certain tax assets and liabilities, which arise from differences in the timing of recognition of revenue and expense for tax and financial statement purposes, as well as the interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. significant changes to these estimates may result in an increase or decrease to our tax provision in the current or subsequent period.
we must assess the likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets. in the event that all or part of our deferred tax assets are not recoverable in the future, we must increase our provision for taxes by recording a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be recoverable. in order for our deferred tax assets to be recoverable, we must be able to generate sufficient taxable income in those jurisdictions where the deferred tax assets are located. we consider forecasted income, including income that may be generated as a result of certain tax planning strategies, together with future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, in determining the need for a valuation allowance. as of december 31, 2018, we believe it is more likely than not that our deferred tax assets ultimately will be recovered with the exception of our california deferred tax assets. we believe that due to the computation of california taxes under the single sales factor, it is more likely than not that our california deferred tax assets will not be realized. should there be a change in our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, our tax provision would be affected in the period in which such change takes place.
the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations. we recognize liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process. the first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. if we determine that a tax position will more likely than not be sustained on audit, then the second step requires us to estimate and measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement. it is inherently difficult and subjective to estimate such amounts, as we have to determine the probability of various possible outcomes. we re-evaluate these uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis. this evaluation is based on factors including, but not limited to, changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, effective settlement of audit issues, and new audit activity. such a change in recognition or measurement would result in the recognition of a tax benefit or an additional charge to the tax provision.
accounting for legal contingencies. we are involved in a number of legal proceedings involving product liability, intellectual property, shareholder derivative actions, securities class actions, insurance, employee related, and other matters. we record a liability and related charge to earnings in our consolidated financial statements for legal contingencies when the loss is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. our assessment is re-evaluated each accounting period and is based on all available information, including discussion with any outside legal counsel that represents us. if a reasonable estimate of a known or probable loss cannot be made, but a range of probable losses can be estimated, the low-end of the range of losses is recognized if no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other. if a loss is reasonably possible, but not probable and can be reasonably estimated, the estimated loss or range of loss is disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
when determining the estimated probable loss or range of losses, significant judgment is required to be exercised in order to estimate the amount and timing of the loss to be recorded. estimates of probable losses resulting from litigation are inherently difficult to make, particularly when the matters are in early procedural stages with incomplete facts and information. the final outcome of legal proceedings is dependent on many variables difficult to predict, and therefore, the ultimate cost to entirely resolve such matters may be materially different than the amount of current estimates. consequently, new information or changes in
judgments and estimates could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations or cash flows.
recent accounting pronouncements see "note 2. summary of significant accounting policies" of the notes to consolidated financial statements in "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" for a full description of recent accounting pronouncements including the respective expected dates of adoption and estimated effects, if any, on our consolidated financial statements.