item 1a. risk factors we operate in a highly competitive and rapidly changing environment that involves numerous risks and uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. in addition, we and our clients are affected by global economic conditions and trends. the following sections discuss many, but not all, of the various risks and uncertainties that may affect our future performance, but is not intended to be all-inclusive. any of the risks described below could have a material adverse impact on our business, prospects, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows, and could therefore have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. additional risks not currently known to us or that we now deem immaterial may also harm us and negatively affect your investment.
risks related to our business our operating results could be negatively impacted by global economic conditions. our business is impacted by general economic conditions and trends, in the united states and abroad. in its recent report, global economics prospects, january 2019: darkening skies, the world bank reported that global trade and investment have weakened and it reduced its growth outlook for both 2018 and 2019. among the concerns cited were trade disputes, higher interest rates and lower liquidity as advanced-economy central banks continue to withdraw accommodative monetary policies, high corporate debt loads, and volatile financial markets. in the u.s., where growth has remained solid, the world bank also cited concerns regarding the diminishing impact of the 2017 tax cuts and a volatile political environment. a downturn in growth could negatively and materially affect future demand for our products
and services in general, in certain geographic regions, in particular countries, or industry sectors. such difficulties could negatively impact our ability to maintain or improve the various business measurements we utilize (which are defined in this annual report), such as contract value and consulting backlog growth, client retention, wallet retention and consulting utilization rates, and the number of attendees and exhibitors to our conferences and other meetings. failure to achieve acceptable levels of these measurements or improve them could negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
we face significant competition and our failure to compete successfully could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. we face direct competition from a significant number of independent providers of information products and services, including information available on the internet free of charge. we also compete indirectly against consulting firms and other information providers, including electronic and print media companies, some of which may have greater financial, information gathering and marketing resources than we do. these indirect competitors could also choose to compete directly with us in the future. in addition, low barriers to entry exist in the markets in which we do business. as a result, new competitors may emerge and existing competitors may start to provide additional or complementary services. additionally, technological advances may provide increased competition from a variety of sources.
there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully compete against current and future competitors and our failure to do so could result in loss of market share, diminished value in our products and services, reduced pricing and increased marketing expenditures. furthermore, we may not be successful if we cannot compete effectively on quality of research and analysis, timely delivery of information, customer service, the ability to offer products to meet changing market needs for information and analysis, or price.
we may not be able to maintain the quality of our existing products and services. we operate in a rapidly evolving market, and our success depends upon our ability to deliver high quality and timely research and analysis to our clients. any failure to continue to provide credible and reliable information and advice that is useful to our clients could have a material adverse effect on future business and operating results. further, if our published data, opinions or viewpoints prove to be wrong, lack independence, or are not substantiated by appropriate research, our reputation may suffer and demand for our products and services may decline. in addition, we must continue to improve our methods for delivering our products and services in a cost-effective manner via the internet and mobile applications. failure to maintain state of the art electronic delivery capabilities could materially adversely affect our future business and operating results.
we may not be able to enhance and develop our existing products and services, or introduce the new products and services that are needed to remain competitive. the market for our products and services is characterized by rapidly changing needs for information and analysis. the development of new products is a complex and time-consuming process. nonetheless, to maintain our competitive position, we must continue to anticipate the needs of our client organizations, develop, enhance and improve our existing as well as new products and services to address those needs, deliver all products and services in a timely, user-friendly and state of the art manner, and appropriately position and price new products and services relative to the marketplace and our costs of developing them. any failure to achieve successful client acceptance of new products and services could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial position. additionally, significant delays in new product or service releases or significant problems in creating new products or services could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial position.
technology is rapidly evolving, and if we do not continue to develop new product and service offerings in response to these changes, our business could suffer. disruptive technologies are rapidly changing the environment in which we, our clients, and our competitors operate. we will need to continue to respond to these changes by enhancing our product and service offerings in order to maintain our competitive position. however, we may not be successful in responding to these forces and enhance our products on a timely basis, and any enhancements we develop may not adequately address the changing needs of our clients. our future success will depend upon our ability to develop and introduce in a timely manner new or enhanced existing offerings that address the changing needs of this constantly evolving marketplace. failure to develop products that meet the needs of our clients in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial position.
our research business depends on renewals of subscription-based services and sales of new subscription-based services for a significant portion of our revenue, and our failure to renew at historical rates or generate new sales of such services could lead to a decrease in our revenues. a large portion of our success depends on our ability to generate renewals of our subscription-based research products and services and new sales of such products and services, both to new clients and existing clients. these products and services constituted approximately 80% and 79% of total revenues from our on-going operations for 2018 and 2017, respectively. generating new sales of our subscription-based products and services, both to new and existing clients, is a challenging, costly, and often time consuming process. if we are unable to generate new sales, due to competition or other factors, our revenues will be adversely affected.
our research subscription contracts are typically for 12-months or longer. our ability to maintain contract renewals is subject to numerous factors, including the following:
•   understanding and anticipating market trends and the changing needs of our clients; and
•   providing products and services of the quality and timeliness necessary to withstand competition.
additionally, as we continue to adjust our products and service offerings to meet our clients' continuing needs, we may shift the type and pricing of our products which may impact client renewal rates. while our research client retention rate was 83% at both december 31, 2018 and 2017, there can be no guarantee that we will continue to maintain this rate of client renewals.
the profitability and success of our conferences and other meetings could be adversely affected by external factors beyond our control. our conferences business constituted approximately 11% of total revenues from our on-going operations in both 2018 and 2017. the market for desirable dates and locations for our activities is highly competitive. if we cannot secure desirable dates and suitable venues for our conferences their profitability could suffer, and our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. in addition, because our conferences are scheduled in advance and held at specific locations, the success of these activities can be affected by circumstances outside of our control, such as labor strikes, transportation shutdowns and travel restrictions, economic slowdowns, reductions in government spending, geopolitical crises, terrorist attacks, war, weather, natural disasters, communicable diseases, and other occurrences impacting the global, regional, or national economies, the occurrence of any of which could negatively impact the success of the activity. we also face the challenge of procuring venues that are sizeable enough at a reasonable cost to accommodate some of our major activities.
our consulting business depends on non-recurring engagements and our failure to secure new engagements could lead to a decrease in our revenues. consulting segment revenues constituted approximately 9% and 10% of total revenues from our on-going operations in 2018 and 2017, respectively. consulting engagements typically are project-based and non-recurring. our ability to replace consulting engagements is subject to numerous factors, including the following:
•   delivering consistent, high-quality consulting services to our clients;
•   tailoring our consulting services to the changing needs of our clients; and
•   our ability to match the skills and competencies of our consulting staff to the skills required for the fulfillment of existing or potential consulting engagements.
any material decline in our ability to replace consulting engagements could have an adverse impact on our revenues and our financial condition. in addition, revenue from our contract optimization business can fluctuate significantly from period to period and is not predictable.
our sales to governments are subject to appropriations and may be terminated. we derive significant revenues from research and consulting contracts with the united states government and its respective agencies, numerous state and local governments and their respective agencies, and foreign governments and their agencies. at december 31, 2018 and 2017, approximately $555.0 million and $435.0 million, respectively, of our revenue contracts were attributable to government entities. our u.s. government contracts are subject to the approval of appropriations by the u.s. congress to fund the agencies contracting for our services. additionally, our contracts at the state and local levels, as well as foreign government contracts, are subject to various governmental authorizations and funding approvals and mechanisms. in general, most if not all of these contracts may be terminated at any time by the government entity without cause or penalty ("termination for convenience"). in addition, contracts with u.s. federal, state and local, and foreign governments and their respective agencies are subject to increasingly complex bidding procedures and compliance requirements, as well as intense competition. while terminations by governments have not been significant historically, should appropriations for the various governments and agencies that contract with us be curtailed, or should our government contracts be terminated for convenience, we may experience a significant loss of revenues.
we may not be able to attract and retain qualified personnel which could jeopardize the quality of our products and services and our future growth plans. our success is based on attracting and retaining talented employees and we depend heavily upon the quality of our senior management, research analysts, consultants, sales and other key personnel. the market for highly skilled workers and leaders in our industry is extremely competitive. maintaining our brand and reputation are important to our ability to recruit and retain employees. we face competition for qualified professionals from, among others, technology companies, market research firms, consulting firms, financial services companies and electronic and print media companies, some of which have a
greater ability to attract and compensate these professionals. additionally, some of the personnel that we attempt to hire are subject to non-compete agreements that could impede our short-term recruitment efforts. we may also be limited in our ability to recruit internationally by restrictive domestic immigration laws, and changes to policies that restrain the flow of technical and professional talent could inhibit our ability to adequately staff our research and development and other efforts. an inability to retain key personnel or to hire and train additional qualified personnel could materially adversely affect the quality of our products and services, as well as our future business and operating results. in addition, effective succession planning is important to our long-term success, and failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving key employees could hinder our strategic planning and execution.
we may not be able to maintain the equity in our brand name. we believe that our "gartner" brand, in particular our independence, is critical to our efforts to attract and retain clients and top talent, and that the importance of brand recognition will increase as competition increases. we may also discover that our brand, though recognized, is not perceived to be relevant by new market segments we have targeted. we may expand our marketing activities to promote and strengthen the gartner brand and may need to increase our marketing budget, hire additional marketing and public relations personnel, and expend additional sums to protect our brand and otherwise increase expenditures to create and maintain client brand loyalty. if we fail to effectively promote, maintain, and protect the gartner brand, or incur excessive expenses in doing so, our future business and operating results could be materially adversely impacted.
our international operations expose us to a variety of operational and other risks which could negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. we have clients in more than 100 countries and a substantial amount of our revenue is earned outside of the united states. our operating results are subject to all of the risks typically inherent in international business activities, including general political and economic conditions in each country, challenges in staffing and managing foreign operations, changes in regulatory requirements, compliance with numerous and complex foreign laws and regulations, currency restrictions and fluctuations, the difficulty of enforcing client agreements, collecting accounts receivable and protecting intellectual property rights or against economic espionage in international jurisdictions.
our business could also be negatively impacted by tariffs, trade barriers and restrictions, and other acts by governments to protect domestic markets or to retaliate against the trade tariffs and restrictions of other nations. in addition, the withdrawal of nations from existing common markets or trading blocs, such as the possible exit of the united kingdom from the european union (eu), commonly referred to as brexit, could be potentially disruptive and could negatively impact our business and our clients. brexit could lead to legal uncertainty and potentially divergent national laws and regulations in the united kingdom and eu. we, as well as our clients who have significant operations in the united kingdom, may incur additional costs and expenses as we adapt to potentially divergent regulatory frameworks from the rest of the eu and as a result, our contractual commitments in the united kingdom and the rest of the eu may be impacted, which could negatively affect our operations in europe. this and other brexit-related issues may require changes to our legal entity structure in the united kingdom and the eu. any of these effects of brexit, among others, could harm our business and financial results.
we rely on local distributors or sales agents in some international locations. if any of these arrangements are terminated by our agent or us, we may not be able to replace the arrangement on beneficial terms or on a timely basis, or clients of the local distributor or sales agent may not want to continue to do business with us or our new agent.
our business and operations may be conducted in countries where corruption has historically penetrated the economy. it is our policy to comply, and to require our local partners, distributors, agents, and those with whom we do business to comply, with all applicable anti-corruption laws, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and u.k. bribery act, and with applicable local laws of the foreign countries in which we operate. there can be no assurance that all of our employees, contractors and agents will comply with the company's policies that mandate compliance with these laws. any failure to comply with these laws, even if inadvertent could be costly and disrupt our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and cash flows, as well as on our reputation. for example, during the second half of 2018 we cooperated fully with a south african government commission established to review a wide range of issues related to the country's revenue service, including the procurement and fulfillment of consulting agreements we entered into with the revenue service through a sales agent from late 2014 through early 2017. with respect to gartner, the commission recommended that the revenue service explore lawful options to invalidate the agreements, in whole or in part, and attempt to recover certain payments it made to us. in parallel with our cooperation in south africa, we commenced an internal investigation regarding this matter and voluntarily disclosed to the sec and department of justice ("doj") in november 2018 that the commission was reviewing our procurement of these agreements. we intend to fully cooperate with any sec or doj inquiries into this matter. at this time, we do not believe the ultimate outcome of these matters will have a material effect on our financial results, however, an unexpected adverse resolution of these matters could negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity.
we are exposed to volatility in foreign currency exchange rates from our international operations. a significant portion of our revenues are typically derived from sales outside of the united states. revenues earned outside the u.s. are typically transacted in local currencies, which may fluctuate significantly against the u.s. dollar. while we may use forward exchange contracts to a limited extent to seek to mitigate foreign currency risk, our revenues and results of operations could be adversely affected by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations. additionally, our effective tax rate is increased as the u.s. dollar strengthens against foreign currencies, which could impact our operating results.
natural disasters, terrorist acts, war, actions by governments, and other geopolitical activities could disrupt our operations. we operate in numerous u.s. and international locations, and we have offices in a number of major cities across the globe. a major weather event, earthquake, flood, drought, volcanic activity, disease, or other natural disaster could significantly disrupt our operations. in addition, acts of civil unrest, failure of critical infrastructure, terrorism, armed conflict, war, and abrupt political change, as well as responses by various governments and the international community to such acts, can have a negative effect on our business. such events could cause delays in initiating or completing sales, impede delivery of our products and services to our clients, disrupt or shut down the internet or other critical client-facing and business processes, impede the travel of our personnel and clients, dislocate our critical internal functions and personnel, and in general harm our ability to conduct normal business operations, any of which can negatively impact our financial condition and operating results. such events could also impact the timing and budget decisions of our clients, which could materially adversely affect our business.
privacy concerns could damage our reputation and deter current and potential clients from using our products and services or attending our conferences. concerns relating to global data privacy have the potential to damage our reputation and deter current and prospective clients from using our products and services or attending our conferences. in the ordinary course of our business and in accordance with applicable laws, we collect personal information (i) from our employees (ii) from the users of our products and services, including conference attendees; and (iii) from prospective clients. we collect only basic personal information from our clients and prospects. while we believe our overall data privacy procedures are adequate, the theft or loss of such data, or concerns about our practices, even if unfounded, with regard to the collection, use, disclosure, or security of this personal information or other data protection related matters could damage our reputation and materially adversely affect our operating results. any systems failure or compromise of our security that results in the disclosure of our users' personal data could seriously limit the consumption of our products and services and the attendance at our conferences, as well as harm our reputation and brand and, therefore, our business.
in addition, continuously evolving data protection laws and regulations, such as the european union general data protection regulation ("gdpr") (effective in may 2018), and the new california consumer privacy act ("ccpa"), which takes effect in january 2020, pose increasingly complex compliance challenges. we have implemented a gdpr compliance program and are working towards ccpa compliance. in the meantime, gartner will continue to maintain and rely upon our comprehensive global data protection compliance program, which includes administrative, technical, and physical controls to safeguard our associates' and clients' personal data. the interpretation and application of these laws in the united states, the european union and elsewhere are often uncertain, inconsistent and ever changing. complying with these various laws could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business.
internet and critical internal computer system failures, cyber-attacks, or compromises of our systems or security could damage our reputation and harm our business. a significant portion of our business is conducted over the internet and we rely heavily on computer systems to conduct our operations. individuals, groups, and state-sponsored organizations may take steps that pose threats to our operations, our computer systems, our employees, and our customers. they may develop and deploy malicious software to gain access to our networks and attempt to steal confidential information, launch distributed denial of service attacks, or attempt other coordinated disruptions. these threats are constantly evolving and becoming more sophisticated, thereby increasing the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. a cyber-attack, widespread internet failure or internet access limitations, or disruption of our critical information technology systems through denial of service, viruses, or other events could cause delays in initiating or completing sales, impede delivery of our products and services to our clients, disrupt other critical client-facing or business processes, or dislocate our critical internal functions. such events could significantly harm our ability to conduct normal business operations and negatively impact our financial results.
we take steps to secure our management information systems, including our computer systems, intranet, proprietary websites, email and other telecommunications and data networks, and we carefully scrutinize the security of outsourced website and service providers prior to retaining their services. however, the security measures implemented by us or by our outside service providers may not be effective and our systems (and those of our outside service providers) may be vulnerable to theft, loss, damage and interruption from a number of potential sources and events, including unauthorized access or security breaches, cyber-attacks, computer viruses, power loss, or other disruptive events. our reputation, brand, financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected if, as a result of a significant cyber event or other technology-related catastrophe, our operations are disrupted or shutdown; our confidential, proprietary information is stolen or disclosed; we incur costs or are required to pay fines
in connection with stolen customer, employee, or other confidential information; we are required to dedicate significant resources to system repairs or increase cyber security protection; or we otherwise incur significant litigation, regulatory action and scrutiny or other costs as a result of these occurrences.
we may experience outages and disruptions of our online services if we fail to maintain an adequate operations infrastructure. our increasing user traffic and complexity of our products and services demand more computing power. we have spent and expect to continue to spend substantial amounts to maintain data centers and equipment and to move more of our workload into cloud services, to upgrade our technology and network infrastructure to handle increased traffic on our websites, and to deliver our products and services through emerging channels, such as mobile applications. however, any inefficiencies or operational failures could diminish the quality of our products, services, and user experience, resulting in damage to our reputation and loss of current and potential users, subscribers, and advertisers, potentially harming our financial condition and operating results.
our outstanding debt obligations could negatively impact our financial condition and future operating results. as of december 31, 2018, the company had outstanding debt of $1.5 billion under its 2016 term loan and revolving credit facility, as amended (the "2016 credit agreement") and $800.0 million of senior notes due 2025 ("senior notes"). additional information regarding the 2016 credit agreement and the senior notes is included in note 5 - debt in the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k.
the debt service requirements of these borrowings could impair our future financial condition and operating results. in addition, the affirmative, negative and financial covenants of the 2016 credit agreement, as amended, as well as the covenants related to the senior notes, could limit our future financial flexibility. a failure to comply with these covenants could result in acceleration of all amounts outstanding, which could materially impact our financial condition unless accommodations could be negotiated with our lenders and noteholders. no assurance can be given that we would be successful in doing so, or that any accommodations that we were able to negotiate would be on terms as favorable as those currently. the outstanding debt may limit the amount of cash or additional credit available to us, which could restrain our ability to expand or enhance products and services, respond to competitive pressures or pursue future business opportunities requiring substantial investments of additional capital.
in addition, variable rate borrowings under our 2016 credit agreement typically use libor as a benchmark for establishing the rate of interest. libor is the subject of recent national and international regulatory scrutiny which may result in changes that cause libor to disappear entirely after 2021 or to cause it to perform differently than in the past. the consequences of these libor developments on our variable rate borrowings, including the possible transition to other rates such as the secured overnight financing rate (sofr), cannot be predicted at this time, but could include an increase in the cost of our variable rate indebtedness and volatility in our earnings.
we may require additional cash resources which may not be available on favorable terms or at all. we may require additional cash resources due to changed business conditions, implementation of our strategy and stock repurchase program, to repay indebtedness or to pursue future business opportunities requiring substantial investments of additional capital, including acquisitions. if our existing financial resources are insufficient to satisfy our requirements, we may seek additional borrowings or issue debt. prevailing credit and debt market conditions may negatively affect debt availability and cost, and, as a result, financing may not be available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. in addition, the incurrence of additional indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations and could require us to agree to operating and financial covenants that would further restrict our operations.
if we are unable to enforce and protect our intellectual property rights our competitive position may be harmed. we rely on a combination of copyright, trademark, trade secret, patent, confidentiality, non-compete and other contractual provisions to protect our intellectual property rights. despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property rights, unauthorized third parties may obtain and use technology or other information that we regard as proprietary. our intellectual property rights may not survive a legal challenge to their validity or provide significant protection for us. the laws of certain countries, particularly in emerging markets, do not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws of the united states. accordingly, we may not be able to protect our intellectual property against unauthorized third-party copying or use, which could adversely affect our competitive position. additionally, there can be no assurance that another party will not assert that we have infringed its intellectual property rights.
our employees are subject to restrictive covenant agreements (which include restrictions on employees' ability to compete and solicit customers and employees) and assignment of invention agreements, to the extent permitted under applicable law. when the period expires relating to the particular restriction, former employees may compete against us. if a former employee violates the provisions of his/her restrictive covenant agreement, we seek to enforce the restrictions but there is no assurance that we will be successful in our efforts.
we have grown, and may continue to grow, through acquisitions and strategic investments, which could involve substantial risks. we have made and may continue to make acquisitions of, or significant investments in, businesses that offer complementary products and services or otherwise support our growth objectives. the risks involved in each acquisition or investment include the possibility of paying more than the value we derive from the acquisition, dilution of the interests of our current stockholders should we issue stock in the acquisition, decreased working capital, increased indebtedness, the assumption of undisclosed liabilities and unknown and unforeseen risks, the ability to retain key personnel of the acquired company, the inability to integrate the business of the acquired company and increase sales, the time to train the sales force to market and sell the products of the acquired business, the potential disruption of our ongoing business and the distraction of management from our day to day business. the realization of any of these risks could adversely affect our business. additionally, we face competition in identifying acquisition targets and consummating acquisitions.
we face risks related to leased office space. with the 2017 ceb acquisition we assumed a significant amount of additional leased office space, in particular in arlington, virginia, which formerly served as ceb's headquarters location. we have largely completed all the office space consolidations necessitated by the ceb acquisition as well as the divestiture of certain former ceb businesses that we completed during 2018. in arlington we have consolidated all our businesses into a single new building and have substantially sublet the excess space in all of our other properties. similarly, in chicago we have also consolidated into a single new office space consolidating four different legacy spaces. through all the consolidations we have tried to secure quality sub-tenants with appropriate sub-lease terms. however, if subtenants default on their sublease obligation with us or otherwise terminate the subleases with us, we may experience a loss of planned sublease rental income, which could result in a material charge against our operating results.
we are also in the process of adding new leased spaces to support our continued growth. if the new spaces are not completed on schedule, or if the landlord defaults on its commitments and obligations pursuant to the new leases, we may incur additional expenses. in addition, unanticipated difficulties in initiating operations in a new space, including construction delays, it system interruptions, or other infrastructure support problems, could result in a delay in moving into the new space, resulting in a loss of employee and operational productivity and a loss of revenue and/or additional expenses, which could also have an adverse, material impact on our operating results.
we face risks related to litigation. we are, and in the future may be, subject to a variety of legal actions, such as employment, breach of contract, intellectual property-related, and business torts, including claims of unfair trade practices and misappropriation of trade secrets. given the nature of our business, we are also subject to defamation (including libel and slander), negligence, or other claims relating to the information we publish. regardless of the merits and despite vigorous efforts to defend any such claim can affect our reputation, and responding to any such claim could be time consuming, result in costly litigation and require us to enter into settlements, royalty and licensing agreements which may not be offered or available on reasonable terms. if a claim is made against us which we cannot defend or resolve on reasonable terms, our business, brand, and financial results could be materially adversely affected.
we face risks related to taxation. we are a global company and a substantial amount of our earnings is generated outside of the united states and taxed at rates less than the u.s. statutory federal income tax rate. our effective tax rate, financial position and results of operations could be adversely affected by earnings being higher than anticipated in jurisdictions with higher statutory tax rates and, conversely, lower than anticipated in jurisdictions that have lower statutory tax rates, by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and/or by changes in tax laws or accounting principles and their interpretation by relevant authorities.
at the present time, the united states and other countries where we do business have either changed or are actively considering changes in their tax, accounting and other related laws. in the united states, tax reform has introduced numerous new complicated tax laws which could unfavorably impact our future effective tax rate. various provisions of the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 ("the act") are highly complex and remain unclear in certain respects. additional guidance in the form of notices and proposed regulations have been issued, and further guidance is expected to be issued. changes could be made to the proposed regulations, future legislation could be enacted, and more regulations and notices could be issued. we will continue to monitor and will reflect impacts in future financial statements as appropriate. in addition, many state and local tax jurisdictions are still determining how they will interpret the act. final state and local governments' legislation or guidance relating to the act may impact our financial results.
during 2015, the organization for economic cooperation and development ("oecd") released final reports on various action items associated with its initiative to prevent base erosion and profit shifting ("beps"). numerous countries have and continue to propose tax law changes intended to address beps. the future enactment by various governments of these and other proposals could significantly increase our tax obligations in many countries where we do business. these actual, potential, and other changes, both individually and collectively, could materially increase our effective tax rate and negatively impact our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.
in addition, our tax filings for various years are subject to examination by domestic and international taxing authorities and, during the ordinary course of business, we are under audit by various tax authorities. recent and future actions on the part of the oecd and various governments have increased scrutiny of our tax filings. although we believe that our tax filings and related accruals are reasonable, the final resolution of tax audits may be materially different from what is reflected in our historical tax provisions and accruals and could have a material adverse effect on our effective tax rate, financial position, results of operations, and cash flows, particularly in major taxing jurisdictions including, but not limited to: the united states, ireland, india, canada, united kingdom, japan, and france.
as of december 31, 2018, we had approximately $171.0 million of accumulated undistributed earnings in our non-u.s. subsidiaries. our cash and cash equivalents are held in numerous locations throughout the world. at december 31, 2018, 79% of our cash and cash equivalents was held overseas, with a substantial portion representing accumulated undistributed earnings of our non-u.s. subsidiaries. under u.s. gaap, no provision for income taxes that may result from the remittance of accumulated undistributed foreign earnings is required if the company intends to reinvest such earnings overseas indefinitely. our current liquidity requirements do not demonstrate a need to repatriate accumulated undistributed foreign earnings to fund our u.s. operations or otherwise satisfy the liquidity needs of our u.s. operations. accordingly, the company intends to continue to reinvest substantially all of its accumulated undistributed foreign earnings, except in instances in which the repatriation of those earnings would result in minimal additional tax. as a result, we have not recognized income tax expense on the amounts deemed permanently reinvested. however, under the provisions of the u.s tax cuts and jobs act of 2017, we envision that the income tax that would be payable if such earnings were repatriated would be minimal.
our corporate compliance program cannot guarantee that we are in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. we operate in a number of countries, including emerging markets, and as a result we are required to comply with numerous, and in many cases, changing international and u.s. federal, state and local laws and regulations. as a result, we have a corporate compliance program which includes the creation of appropriate policies defining employee behavior that mandate adherence to laws, employee training, annual affirmations, monitoring and enforcement. however, if any employee fails to comply with, or intentionally disregards, any of these laws, regulations or our policies, a range of liabilities could result for the employee and for the company, including, but not limited to, significant penalties and fines, sanctions and/or litigation, and the expenses associated with defending and resolving any of the foregoing, any of which could have a negative impact on our reputation and business.
risks related to our common stock our operating results may fluctuate from period to period and/or the financial guidance we have given may not meet the expectations of investors, which may cause the price of our common stock to decline. our quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate in the future as a result of many factors, including the timing of the execution of research contracts, the extent of completion of consulting engagements, the timing of our conferences, the amount of new business generated, the mix of domestic and international business, currency fluctuations, changes in market demand for our products and services, the timing of the development, introduction and marketing of new products and services, competition in our industry, the impact of our acquisitions, and general economic conditions. an inability to generate sufficient earnings and cash flow, and achieve our forecasts, may impact our operating and other activities. the potential fluctuations in our operating results could cause period-to-period comparisons of operating results not to be meaningful and may provide an unreliable indication of future operating results. furthermore, our operating results may not meet the expectations of investors or the financial guidance we have previously provided. if this occurs, the price of our common stock could decline.
our stock price may be impacted by factors outside of our control and you may not be able to resell shares of our common stock at or above the price you paid. the price of our common stock is subject to significant fluctuations in response to, among other factors, developments in the industries in which we do business, general economic conditions, general market conditions, geo-political events, changes in the nature and composition of our stockholder base, changes in securities analysts' recommendations regarding our securities and our performance relative to securities analysts' expectations for any quarterly period, as well as other factors outside of our control including any and all factors that move the securities markets generally. these factors may materially adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
future sales or issuances of our common stock in the public market could lower our stock price. sales of a substantial number of shares of common stock in the public market by our current stockholders, or the threat that substantial sales may occur, could cause the market price of our common stock to decrease significantly or make it difficult for us to raise additional capital by selling stock. the issuance of additional shares of our common stock could also lower the market price of our common stock. furthermore, we have various equity incentive plans that provide for awards in the form of stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units and other stock-based awards which have the effect of adding shares of common stock into the public market. we have a board-approved share repurchase program and at december 31, 2018, approximately $871.0 million remained available for share
purchases under this program. no assurance can be given that we will continue these share repurchase activities in the future when the program is completed, or in the event that the price of our common stock reaches levels at which repurchases are not accretive.
future sales of our common stock from grants and awards could lower our stock price. as of december 31, 2018, the aggregate number of shares of our common stock issuable pursuant to outstanding grants and awards under our equity incentive plans was approximately 2.6 million shares (approximately 0.5 million of which have vested). in addition, at the present time, approximately 4.9 million shares may be issued in connection with future awards under our equity incentive plans. shares of common stock issued under these plans are freely transferable and have been registered under the securities act of 1933, as amended (the "securities act"), except for any shares held by affiliates (as that term is defined in rule 144 under the securities act) which are subject to certain limitations. we cannot predict the size of future issuances of our common stock or the effect, if any, that future issuances and sales of shares of our common stock will have on the market price of our common stock.
interests of certain of our significant stockholders may conflict with yours. to our knowledge, as of the date hereof, and based upon publicly-available sec filings, five institutional investors each presently hold over 5% of our common stock. while no stockholder or institutional investor individually holds a majority of our outstanding shares, these significant stockholders may be able, either individually or acting together, to exercise significant influence over matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors, amendment of our certificate of incorporation, adoption or amendment of equity plans and approval of significant transactions such as mergers, acquisitions, consolidations and sales or purchases of assets. in addition, in the event of a proposed acquisition of the company by a third party, this concentration of ownership may delay or prevent a change of control in us. accordingly, the interests of these stockholders may not always coincide with our interests or the interests of other stockholders, or otherwise be in the best interests of us or all stockholders.
our anti-takeover protections may discourage or prevent a change of control, even if a change in control would be beneficial to our stockholders. provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws and delaware law may make it difficult for any party to acquire control of us in a transaction not approved by our board of directors. these provisions include: (i) the ability of our board of directors to issue and determine the terms of preferred stock; (ii) advance notice requirements for inclusion of stockholder proposals at stockholder meetings; and (iii) the anti-takeover provisions of delaware law. these provisions could discourage or prevent a change of control or change in management that might provide stockholders with a premium to the market price of their common stock.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the purpose of the following management's discussion and analysis ("md&a") is to facilitate an understanding of significant factors influencing the operating results, financial condition and cash flows of gartner, inc. additionally, the md&a conveys our expectations of the potential impact of known trends, events or uncertainties that may impact future results. you should read this discussion in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this annual report on form 10-k. historical results and percentage relationships are not necessarily indicative of operating results for future periods. references to "gartner," the "company," "we," "our" and "us" in this md&a are to gartner, inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries.
business divestitures during 2018, the company divested all three of the non-core businesses that comprised its other segment, each of which were acquired as part of the acquisition of ceb inc. in april 2017. as a result of these divestitures and the movement of a small residual product in the other segment into the research business, the company is no longer recording any additional operating activity in the other segment effective september 1, 2018. additional information regarding the divestitures is included in note 2 -acquisitions and divestitures in the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k.
forward-looking statements in addition to historical information, this annual report on form 10-k contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended. forward-looking statements are any statements other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, hopes, intentions, projections, or strategies regarding the future. in some cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as "may," "will," "expect," "should," "could," "believe," "plan," "anticipate," "estimate," "predict," "potential," "continue" or other words of similar meaning.
we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment that involves numerous risks and uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. additionally, our quarterly and annual revenues, operating income, and cash flows fluctuate as a result of many factors, including: the timing of our symposium/itxpo series that normally occurs during the fourth quarter, as well as our other conferences and meetings; the amount of new business generated, including from acquisitions; the mix of domestic and international business; domestic and international economic conditions; changes in market demand for our products and services; changes in foreign currency rates; the timing of the development, introduction and marketing of new products and services; competition in the industry; the payment of performance compensation; and other factors. the potential fluctuations in our operating income could cause period-to-period comparisons of operating results not to be meaningful and could provide an unreliable indication of future operating results. a description of the risk factors associated with our business is included under "risk factors" in item 1a. of this annual report on form 10-k, which is incorporated herein by reference.
forward-looking statements are subject to risks, estimates and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in, or implied by, the forward-looking statements. factors that might cause such a difference include, but are not limited to, those discussed in "risk factors" in item 1a. of this annual report on form 10-k. readers should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect management's opinion only as of the date on which they were made. except as required by law, we disclaim any obligation to review or update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances as they occur.
business overview gartner, inc. (nyse: it) is the world's leading research and advisory company and a member of the s&p 500. we equip business leaders with indispensable insights, advice and tools to achieve their goals and build the successful organizations of tomorrow. we believe we have an unmatched combination of expert-led, practitioner-sourced and data-driven research that steers clients toward the right decisions on the issues that matter most. we're a trusted advisor and an objective resource for more than 15,000 organizations in more than 100 countries - across all major functions, in every industry and enterprise size. gartner is headquartered in stamford, connecticut, and as of december 31, 2018, we had more than 15,000 associates.
gartner currently delivers its products and services globally through three business segments:
•   research provides trusted, objective insights and advice on the mission-critical priorities of leaders across all functional areas of the enterprise through research and other reports, briefings, proprietary tools, access to our analysts and advisors, peer networking services and membership programs that enable our clients to make better decisions. gartner's traditional strengths
in it, marketing and supply chain research were enhanced in 2017 with gartner's acquisition of ceb inc., which added ceb's best practice and talent management research insights across a range of business functions, to include human resources, finance, sales and legal.
•   conferences (formerly called events) provides business professionals across the organization the opportunity to learn, share and network. from our flagship cio conference gartner it symposium, to industry-leading conferences focused on specific business roles and topics, to member-driven sessions, our offerings enable attendees to experience the best of gartner insight and advice live.
•   consulting provides customized solutions to unique client needs through on-site, day-to-day support, as well as proprietary tools for measuring and improving it performance with a focus on cost, performance, efficiency and quality.
business measurements we believe that the following business measurements are important performance indicators for our business segments:
business segment   business measurements research           total contract value represents the value attributable to all of our subscription-related contracts. it is calculated as the annualized value of all contracts in effect at a specific point in time, without regard to the duration of the contract. total contract value primarily includes research deliverables for which revenue is recognized on a ratable basis, as well as other deliverables (primarily conferences tickets) for which revenue is recognized when the deliverable is utilized. our total contract value consists of global technology sales contract value, which includes sales to users and providers of technology, and global business sales contract value, which includes sales to all other functional leaders.
client retention rate represents a measure of client satisfaction and renewed business relationships at a specific point in time. client retention is calculated on a percentage basis by dividing our current clients, who were also clients a year ago, by all clients from a year ago. client retention is calculated at an enterprise level, which represents a single company or customer.
wallet retention rate represents a measure of the amount of contract value we have retained with clients over a twelve-month period. wallet retention is calculated on a percentage basis by dividing the contract value of clients, who were clients one year ago, by the total contract value from a year ago, excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange. when wallet retention exceeds client retention, it is an indication of retention of higher-spending clients, or increased spending by retained clients, or both. wallet retention is calculated at an enterprise level, which represents a single company or customer.
conferences        number of destination conferences represents the total number of hosted destination conferences completed during the period. single day, local meetings are excluded.
number of destination conferences attendees represents the total number of people who attend destination conferences. single day, local meetings are excluded.
consulting         consulting backlog represents future revenue to be derived from in-process consulting and measurement engagements.
utilization rate represents a measure of productivity of our consultants. utilization rates are calculated for billable headcount on a percentage basis by dividing total hours billed by total hours available to bill.
average annualized revenue per billable headcount represents a measure of the revenue generating ability of an average billable consultant and is calculated periodically by multiplying the average billing rate per hour times the utilization percentage times the billable hours available for one year.
executive summary of operations and financial position we have executed a consistent growth strategy since 2005 to drive revenue and earnings growth. the fundamentals of our strategy include a focus on creating extraordinary research insight, delivering innovative and highly differentiated product offerings, building a strong sales capability, providing world class client service with a focus on client engagement and retention, and continuously improving our operational effectiveness.
we continue to focus on maximizing shareholder value. during 2018, we repurchased 2.1 million shares of our outstanding common stock, reduced the company's outstanding debt by $1.0 billion, and divested all three of the non-core businesses that comprised the company's other segment, each of which were acquired as part of the acquisition of ceb inc. ("ceb") in 2017.
we had total revenues of $4.0 billion in 2018, an increase of 20% compared to 2017 on a reported basis and 19% excluding the foreign currency impact. net income increased to $122.5 million in 2018 from $3.3 million in 2017 and, as a result, diluted earnings per share was $1.33 in 2018 compared to $0.04 in 2017.
research revenues increased to $3.1 billion during 2018, or 26% compared to 2017 on a reported basis and 25% excluding the foreign currency impact. the research gross contribution margin improved by two points in 2018, to 69%. total contract value was $3.2 billion at december 31, 2018, an increase of 11% compared to december 31, 2017 on a foreign currency neutral basis.
conferences revenues increased to $410.5 million in 2018, or 21% compared to 2017 on a reported basis and 22% excluding the foreign currency impact. the conferences gross contribution margin was 50% and 48% in 2018 and 2017, respectively. we held 70 and 69 destination conferences in 2018 and 2017, respectively.
consulting revenues increased to $353.7 million in 2018, or 8% compared to 2017 on a reported basis and 7% excluding the foreign currency impact. the consulting gross contribution margin was 29% for both 2018 and 2017. backlog was $110.7 million at december 31, 2018.
cash provided by operating activities was $471.2 million and $254.5 million during 2018 and 2017, respectively. as of december 31, 2018, we had $156.4 million of cash and cash equivalents and $1.0 billion of available borrowing capacity on our revolving credit facility.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires the application of appropriate accounting policies and the use of estimates. our significant accounting policies are described in note 1 - business and significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k. management considers the policies discussed below to be critical to an understanding of our financial statements because their application requires complex and subjective management judgments and estimates. specific risks for these critical accounting policies are also described below.
the preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions about future events. we develop our estimates using both current and historical experience, as well as other factors, including the general economic environment and actions we may take in the future. we adjust such estimates when facts and circumstances dictate. however, our estimates may involve significant uncertainties and judgments and cannot be determined with precision. in addition, these estimates are based on our best judgment at a point in time and, as such, they may ultimately differ materially from actual results. ongoing changes in our estimates could be material and would be reflected in the company's consolidated financial statements in future periods.
our critical accounting policies pertaining to the years presented in the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k are described below.
revenue recognition - on january 1, 2018, the company adopted financial accounting standards board ("fasb") accounting standards update no. 2014-09, "revenue from contracts with customers" ("asu no. 2014-09"). asu no. 2014-09 and related amendments required changes in revenue recognition policies as well as enhanced disclosures. among other things, asu no. 2014-09 requires a five-step evaluative process that consists of:
(1) identifying the contract with the customer;
(2) identifying the performance obligations in the contract;
(4) allocating the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and
(5) recognizing revenue when (or as) performance obligations are satisfied.
the company adopted asu no. 2014-09 on january 1, 2018 using the modified retrospective method of adoption. under this method of adoption, the cumulative effect of applying the new standard is recorded at the date of initial application, with no restatement of the comparative prior periods presented. the adoption of asu no. 2014-09 did not have a material impact on the company's consolidated financial statements. however, the adoption of the new standard required reclassifications of certain amounts presented in the company's consolidated balance sheet. prior to january 1, 2018, the company recognized revenue in accordance with then-existing generally accepted accounting principles in the united states of america and sec staff accounting bulletin no. 104, "revenue recognition" ("prior gaap"). under both asu no. 2014-09 and prior gaap, revenue can only be recognized when all of the required criteria are met. note 1 - business and significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements provides additional information regarding our adoption of asu no. 2014-09 and its impact on the company's consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.
•   research revenues are mainly derived from subscription contracts for research products. the related revenues are deferred and recognized ratably over the applicable contract term. fees derived from assisting organizations in selecting the right business software for their needs are recognized when the leads are provided to vendors.
•   conferences revenues are deferred and recognized upon the completion of the related conference or meeting.
•   consulting revenues are principally generated from fixed fee and time and material engagements. revenues from fixed fee contracts are recognized as we work to satisfy our performance obligations. revenues from time and materials engagements are recognized as work is delivered and/or services are provided. revenues related to contract optimization contracts are contingent in nature and are only recognized upon satisfaction of all conditions related to their payment.
the majority of research contracts are billable upon signing, absent special terms granted on a limited basis from time to time. research contracts are generally non-cancelable and non-refundable, except for government contracts that may have cancellation or fiscal funding clauses. it is our policy to record the amount of a subscription contract that is billable as a fee receivable at the time the contract is signed with a corresponding amount as deferred revenue because the contract represents a legally enforceable claim.
uncollectible fees receivable - at december 31, 2017, the company maintained an allowance for losses that was comprised of a bad debt allowance and a revenue reserve. in connection with the adoption of asu no. 2014-09 on january 1, 2018, management concluded that the revenue reserve was a refund liability rather than a contra-receivable due to the nature of the account activity. as a result, the company reclassified the revenue reserve of $6.2 million on january 1, 2018 from the allowance for losses to accounts payable and accrued liabilities and will consistently present the revenue reserve in this manner in all future consolidated balance sheets. note 1 - business and significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements provides additional information regarding our adoption of asu no. 2014-09 and its impact on the company's allowance for losses. increases and decreases in the allowance for losses are charged to earnings, either to expense (i.e., the bad debt allowance) or revenues (i.e., the revenue reserve).
the determination of the bad debt allowance is based on historical loss experience, an assessment of current economic conditions, the aging of outstanding receivables, the financial health of specific clients and probable losses. this evaluation is inherently judgmental and requires estimates. the company's bad debt allowance is periodically re-evaluated and adjusted as more information about the ultimate collectability of fees receivable becomes available. circumstances that could cause our bad debt allowance to increase include changes in our clients' liquidity and credit quality, other factors negatively impacting our clients' ability to pay their obligations as they come due, and the effectiveness of our collection efforts.
(1)   total fees receivable at december 31, 2017 included $26.7 million of contract assets. as a result of the company's adoption of asu no. 2014-09 on january 1, 2018, contract assets are now included in prepaid expenses and other current assets on the company's consolidated balance sheet at december 31, 2018.
(2)   the allowance for losses at december 31, 2017 included $6.2 million that was attributable to the company's revenue reserve. as a result of the company's adoption of asu no. 2014-09 on january 1, 2018, the revenue reserve balance is now included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the company's consolidated balance sheet at december 31, 2018.
goodwill and other intangible assets - when we acquire a business, we determine the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed on the date of acquisition, which may include a significant amount of intangible assets such as customer relationships, software and content, as well as resulting goodwill. when determining the fair values of the acquired intangible assets, we consider, among other factors, analyses of historical financial performance and an estimate of the future performance of the acquired business. the fair values of the acquired intangible assets are primarily calculated using an income approach that relies on discounted cash flows. this method starts with a forecast of the expected future net cash flows for the asset and then adjusts the forecast to present value by applying an appropriate discount rate that reflects the risk factors associated with the cash flow streams. we consider this approach to be the most appropriate valuation technique because the inherent value of an acquired intangible asset is its ability to generate future income. in a typical acquisition, we engage a third-party valuation expert to assist us with the fair value analyses for acquired intangible assets.
determining the fair values of acquired intangible assets requires us to exercise significant judgment. we select reasonable estimates and assumptions based on evaluating a number of factors, including, but not limited to, marketplace participants, consumer awareness and brand history. additionally, there are significant judgments inherent in discounted cash flows such as estimating the amount and timing of projected future cash flows, the selection of appropriate discount rates, hypothetical royalty rates and contributory asset capital charges. specifically, the selected discount rates are intended to reflect the risk inherent in the projected future cash flows generated by the underlying acquired intangible assets.
determining an acquired intangible asset's useful life also requires significant judgment and is based on evaluating a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the expected use of the asset, historical client retention rates, consumer awareness and trade name history, as well as any contractual provisions that could limit or extend an asset's useful life.
the company evaluates recorded goodwill in accordance with fasb accounting standards codification ("asc") topic 350, which requires goodwill to be assessed for impairment at least annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of goodwill may not be recoverable. in addition, an impairment evaluation of our amortizable intangible assets may also be performed if events or circumstances indicate potential impairment. among the factors that could trigger an impairment review are current operating results that do not align with our annual plan or historical performance; changes in our strategic plan or the use of our assets; restructuring charges or other changes in our business segments; competitive pressures and changes in the general economy or in the markets in which we operate; and a significant decline in our stock price and our market capitalization relative to our net book value.
fasb asc topic 350 requires an annual assessment of the recoverability of recorded goodwill, which can be either quantitative or qualitative in nature, or a combination of the two approaches. both methods utilize estimates which, in turn, require judgments and assumptions regarding future trends and events. as a result, both the precision and reliability of the resulting estimates are subject to uncertainty. if our goodwill impairment evaluation determines that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its related carrying amount, we may recognize an impairment charge. among the factors that we consider in a qualitative assessment are general economic conditions and the competitive environment; actual and projected reporting unit financial performance; forward-looking business measurements; and external market assessments. a quantitative analysis requires management to consider each of the factors relevant to a qualitative assessment, as well as the utilization of detailed financial projections, to include the rate of revenue growth, profitability and cash flows, as well as assumptions regarding discount rates, the company's weighted average cost of capital and other data, in order to determine a fair value for our reporting units.
we conducted a quantitative assessment of the fair value of all of the company's reporting units during the quarter ended september 30, 2018. our assessment determined that the fair values of the company's reporting units continue to exceed their respective carrying values and, as a result, no goodwill impairment was indicated. note 1 - business and significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements provides additional information regarding goodwill and amortizable intangible assets.
accounting for income taxes - the company uses the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. we estimate our income taxes in each of the jurisdictions where we operate. this process involves estimating our current tax expense or benefit together with assessing temporary differences resulting from differing treatment of items for tax and accounting purposes. these differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities, which are included in our consolidated balance sheets. when assessing the
realizability of deferred tax assets, we consider if it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. in making this assessment, we consider the availability of loss carryforwards, projected reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. the company recognizes the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained based on the technical merits of the position.
accounting for stock-based compensation - the company accounts for stock-based compensation awards in accordance with fasb asc topics 505 and 718 and sec staff accounting bulletins no. 107 and no. 110. the company recognizes stock-based compensation expense, which is based on the fair value of the award on the date of grant, over the related service period. note 8 - stock-based compensation in the notes to consolidated financial statements provides additional information regarding stock-based compensation. determining the appropriate fair value model and calculating the fair value of stock-based compensation awards requires the use of certain subjective assumptions, including the expected life of a stock-based compensation award and the company's common stock price volatility. in addition, determining the appropriate periodic stock-based compensation expense requires management to estimate the likelihood of the achievement of certain performance targets. the assumptions used in calculating the fair values of stock-based compensation awards and the related periodic expense represent management's best estimates, which involve inherent uncertainties and the application of judgment. as a result, if circumstances change and the company deems it necessary in the future to modify the assumptions it made or to use different assumptions, or if the quantity and nature of the company's stock-based compensation awards changes, then the amount of expense may need to be adjusted and future stock-based compensation expense could be materially different from what has been recorded in the current period.
restructuring and other accruals - we may record accruals for severance costs, costs associated with excess facilities that we have leased, contract terminations, asset impairments and other costs as a result of ongoing actions we undertake to streamline our organization, reposition certain businesses and reduce costs. estimates of costs to be incurred to complete these actions, such as future lease payments, sublease income, the fair value of assets, and severance and related benefits, are based on assumptions at the time the actions are initiated. these accruals may need to be adjusted to the extent that actual costs differ from such estimates. in addition, these actions may be revised due to changes in business conditions that we did not foresee at the time such plans were approved. we also record accruals during the year for our various employee cash incentive programs. amounts accrued at the end of each reporting period are based on our estimates and may require adjustment as the ultimate amount paid for these incentives are sometimes not known with certainty until the end of our fiscal year.
accounting for leases - the company adopted fasb accounting standards update no. 2016-02, "leases," as amended ("asu no. 2016-02"), on january 1, 2019. prior thereto, the company recognized lease expense in accordance with fasb asc topic 840, leases. note 1 - business and significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements provides additional information regarding our leases and the adoption of the new leasing standard.
results of operations consolidated results
the table below presents an analysis of selected line items and year-over-year changes in our consolidated statements of operations for the years indicated (in thousands). the operating results of ceb are included beginning on april 5, 2017, the date of the acquisition.
cost of services and product development             1,468,800                        1,320,198                                         (148,602                )             (11   )
amortization of intangibles                            187,009                          176,274                                          (10,735                )              (6   )
operating income (loss)                                259,715                           (6,329          )                               266,044                          &gt;100
provision (benefit) for income taxes                    58,665                         (131,096          )                              (189,761                )       &gt;(100)
total revenues for the year ended december 31, 2018 increased $664.0 million, to $4.0 billion, an increase of 20% compared to the year ended december 31, 2017 on a reported basis and 19% excluding the foreign currency impact. a portion of the total revenue increase for 2018 compared to 2017 was due to the ceb acquisition.
(1)   during 2018, the company divested all three of the non-core businesses that comprised its other segment.
refer to the section of this md&a below entitled "segment results" for a discussion of revenues and results by segment.
cost of services and product development was $1.5 billion in 2018, an increase of $148.6 million compared to 2017, or 11% on both a reported basis and excluding the foreign currency impact. this increase was primarily due to higher payroll and related benefits costs resulting from increased headcount, as well as incremental payroll and related benefits costs resulting from the ceb acquisition. cost of services and product development as a percent of revenues was 37% and 40% for 2018 and 2017, respectively, with the improvement in 2018 primarily due to the negative impact on revenue from the deferred revenue fair value accounting adjustment, which was substantially less in 2018 compared to 2017.
selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expense was $1.9 billion in 2018, an increase of $285.1 million compared to 2017, or 18% on a reported basis and 17% excluding the foreign currency impact. this increase was primarily due to: (i) higher commissions from increased sales bookings; (ii) incremental costs from the ceb acquisition; (iii) higher facilities and corporate costs; and (iv) more payroll and related benefits costs, which were driven mostly by increased headcount. these items were partially offset by a reduction in sg&a expense resulting from certain businesses that were divested during 2018. the overall headcount growth includes increases in quota bearing sales associates at global technology sales and global business sales to 3,104 and 790, respectively, at december 31, 2018. on a combined basis, the total number of quota-bearing sales associates increased by 16% when compared to december 31, 2017. sg&a expense as a percent of revenues was 47% and 48% for 2018 and 2017, respectively.
amortization of intangibles increased $10.7 million during 2018 when compared to 2017. such increase was due to additional amortization recorded in connection with our 2017 acquisitions.
acquisition and integration charges declined in 2018 compared to 2017 as the company had two acquisitions in 2017 and none in 2018. acquisition and integration charges consist of additional costs and expenses resulting from our acquisitions and include, among other items, professional fees, severance, stock-based compensation charges and accruals for exit costs for certain office space in arlington, virginia related to our acquisition of ceb that the company does not intend to occupy. during 2018, exit costs represented the single largest component of our acquisition and integration charges.
operating income (loss) was operating income of $259.7 million in 2018 compared to an operating loss of $6.3 million in 2017. the improvement in profitability in 2018 reflects several factors, including (i) higher research and conferences segment contributions, and (ii) reduced acquisition and integration charges. these items were partially offset by higher cost of services and product development, sg&a expense and amortization of intangibles.
interest expense, net declined slightly in 2018 compared to 2017. the weighted-average debt outstanding in 2018 was approximately $2.5 billion compared to $2.8 billion in 2017. offsetting the favorable impact of the lower weighted-average debt outstanding in 2018 was a higher weighted-average annual effective interest rate during 2018 when compared to 2017.
gain from divested operations was $45.4 million in 2018 and was attributable to sales of certain business units and other miscellaneous assets. additional information is included in note 2 - acquisitions and divestitures in the notes to consolidated financial statements while additional information regarding our segments is included in note 14 - segment information.
other income, net for 2018 and 2017 primarily reflects the net impact of foreign currency gains and losses from our hedging activities, as well as sales of certain state tax credits and the recognition of other tax incentives.
provision (benefit) for income taxes in 2018 was an expense of $58.7 million on pretax income of $181.1 million compared to a benefit of $131.1 million on a pretax loss of $127.8 million in 2017. the effective income tax rate was 32.4% in 2018 compared to 102.6% in 2017. both periods included favorable adjustments for the impact of the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act of 2017. the adjustment in 2017 was more significant than 2018 and had a larger favorable impact on the 2017 effective tax rate. the 2017 tax rate was also favorably impacted by the recognition of unrealized capital losses from a divested business. see note 10 - income taxes in the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k for further information related to the company's effective tax rates.
net income was $122.5 million and $3.3 million during 2018 and 2017, respectively. additionally, our diluted income per share increased by $1.29 in 2018 when compared to 2017. these changes reflect an improvement in our 2018 operating profitability
and the gain from divested operations, partially offset by an increase in our income tax expense. our 2017 income taxes included the favorable impacts from the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act of 2017.
the table below presents an analysis of selected line items and year-over-year changes in our consolidated statements of operations for the years indicated (in thousands). the operating results of ceb are included beginning on april 5, 2017, the date of the acquisition.
cost of services and product development             1,320,198                          945,648                                     (374,550                )       (40         )
amortization of intangibles                            176,274                           24,797                                     (151,477                )       &gt;(100)
operating (loss) income                                 (6,329          )               305,141                                     (311,470                )       &gt;(100)
(benefit) provision for income taxes                  (131,096          )                94,849                                      225,945                        &gt;100
total revenues for the year ended december 31, 2017 increased $867.0 million, to $3.3 billion, an increase of 35% compared to the year ended december 31, 2016 on both a reported basis and excluding the foreign currency impact. ceb contributed approximately $522.9 million of the revenue increase.
refer to the section of this md&a below entitled "segment results" for a discussion of revenues and results by segment.
cost of services and product development was $1.3 billion in 2017, an increase of $374.6 million compared to 2016, or 40% on both a reported basis and excluding the foreign currency impact. approximately $238.0 million of the increase was attributable to ceb. the additional increase of $136.6 million in cost of services and product development was primarily due to higher payroll and related benefits costs resulting from increased headcount, which increased 20% exclusive of incremental ceb personnel. cost of services and product development as a percentage of revenues was 40% and 39% for 2017 and 2016, respectively.
selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expense was $1.6 billion in 2017, an increase of $509.8 million compared to 2016, or 47% on both a reported basis and excluding the foreign currency impact. approximately $283.8 million of the increase was attributable to ceb. in addition to these incremental ceb-related costs, all other sg&a costs increased $226.0 million in 2017, primarily due to $107.4 million in higher payroll and related benefits costs, reflecting a 17% overall headcount increase; $33.8 million in higher commissions due to increased sales bookings; and $84.8 million in higher corporate costs and foreign exchange impact. such overall headcount growth includes a 15% increase in non-ceb quota-bearing sales associates. sg&a expense as a percent of revenues was 48% and 45% for 2017 and 2016, respectively.
amortization of intangibles increased $151.5 million during 2017 when compared to 2016 due to additional amortization from the intangibles recorded in connection with our 2017 acquisitions.
acquisition and integration charges increased $115.9 million during 2017 when compared to 2016. acquisition and integration charges reflect additional costs and expenses resulting from our acquisitions and include, among other items, professional fees, severance, stock-based compensation charges and accruals for exit costs in 2017 for certain office space in arlington, virginia related to our acquisition of ceb that the company does not intend to occupy. our acquisition and integration charges increased in 2017 because of the company's acquisitions during that year.
operating (loss) income was an operating loss of $6.3 million during 2017 compared to operating income of $305.1 million in 2016. the decline reflects several factors. we had a lower segment contribution margin in our research business resulting from a ceb deferred revenue fair value adjustment. we also had higher sg&a and acquisition-related costs, including depreciation, amortization of intangibles, and acquisition and integration charges.
other income, net was $3.4 million during 2017, primarily reflecting the net impact of foreign currency gains and losses from our hedging activities, as well as the sale of certain state tax credits and the recognition of other tax incentives. other income, net was $8.4 million in 2016, which included a gain of $2.5 million from the extinguishment of a portion of an economic development loan from the state of connecticut, the sale of certain state tax credits and the recognition of other tax incentives, and the net impact of gains and losses from our foreign currency hedging activities.
(benefit) provision for income taxes in 2017 was a benefit of $131.1 million on a pretax loss of $127.8 million compared to an expense of $94.8 million on pretax income of $288.4 million in 2016. the effective income tax rate was 102.6% in 2017 compared to 32.9% in 2016. the change in the effective income tax rate was primarily attributable to the favorable impact of u.s. tax reform, the recognition in 2017 of unrealized capital losses on the then-pending divestiture of the ceb talent assessment business, and increases in tax benefits associated with equity compensation.
net income was $3.3 million and $193.6 million during 2017 and 2016, respectively. the year-over-year change primarily reflects declines in our operating profitability and higher interest expense, partially offset by income tax benefits in 2017, including the impact of the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017. as a result of substantially lower net income and a 7% increase in the number of weighted average shares outstanding, diluted earnings per share declined to $0.04 in 2017 from $2.31 in 2016.
segment results we evaluate reportable segment performance and allocate resources based on gross contribution margin. gross contribution is defined as operating income (loss), excluding certain cost of services and product development charges, sg&a expenses, depreciation, acquisition and integration charges, and amortization of intangibles. gross contribution margin is defined as gross contribution as a percent of revenues.
business divestitures during 2018, the company divested all three of the non-core businesses that comprised its other segment, each of which were acquired as part of the acquisition of ceb inc. in april 2017. as a result of these divestitures and the movement of a small residual product in the other segment into the research business, the company is no longer recording any additional operating activity in the other segment effective september 1, 2018. additional information regarding the divestitures is included in note 2 -acquisitions and divestitures in the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k.
•   research provides trusted, objective insights and advice on the mission-critical priorities of leaders across all functional areas of the enterprise through research and other reports, briefings, proprietary tools, access to our analysts and advisors, peer networking services and membership programs that enable our clients to make better decisions. gartner's traditional strengths in it, marketing and supply chain research were enhanced in 2017 with gartner's acquisition of ceb inc., which added ceb's best practice and talent management research insights across a range of business functions, to include human resources, finance, sales and legal.
•   conferences (formerly called events) provides business professionals across the organization the opportunity to learn, share and network. from our flagship cio conference gartner it symposium, to industry-leading conferences focused on specific business roles and topics, to member-driven sessions, our offerings enable attendees to experience the best of gartner insight and advice live.
•   consulting provides customized solutions to unique client needs through on-site, day-to-day support, as well as proprietary tools for measuring and improving it performance with a focus on cost, performance, efficiency and quality.
the sections below present the results of the company's three currently reportable business segments and its other segment:
research as of and for the year ended december 31, 2018          as of and for the year ended december 31, 2017         increase(decrease)       percentageincrease(decrease)             as of and for the year ended december 31, 2017          as of and for the year ended december 31, 2016         increase(decrease)       percentageincrease(decrease)
financial measurements:
business measurements:
global business sales (2):
(2)   global technology sales ("gts") includes sales to users and providers of technology. global business sales ("gbs") includes sales to all other functional leaders.
(3)   contract values are on a foreign exchange neutral basis and exclude certain amounts related to divested businesses. additional information regarding our divestitures is included in note 2 - acquisitions and divestitures in the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k. the contract values at december 31, 2016 include pre-acquisition ceb amounts that were calculated using gartner's methodology as well as 2018 foreign exchange rates.
research revenues increased by $634.5 million during 2018 compared to 2017, or 26% on a reported basis and 25% excluding the foreign currency impact. higher revenues in 2018 were primarily driven by (i) a double-digit increase in subscription revenues in 2018, a portion of which was due to the impact of the ceb acquisition, as 2018 included a full year of revenue compared to nine months in 2017; and (ii) the negative impact on revenue in 2017 from the deferred revenue fair value accounting adjustment resulting from the ceb acquisition, which had a significantly lesser impact in 2018. the gross contribution margin improved by two points in 2018, primarily due to (i) a negative impact on margin in 2017 from the deferred revenue fair value accounting adjustment, which had a significantly lesser impact in 2018; and (ii) improvement in margins for our premium services in 2018.
total contract value increased to $3.2 billion at december 31, 2018, or 11%. total contract value at december 31, 2018 increased by double-digits across almost all of the company's client sizes as well as about three-quarters of its industry segments when compared to december 31, 2017. gts and gbs contract values increased 14% and 1%, respectively, at december 31, 2018 when compared to december 31, 2017. the 14% increase in gts contract value during 2018 reflects additional sales headcount and productivity improvements. the slower 1% growth in gbs contract value during 2018 reflects the company's strategic decision to discontinue new sales of the largest legacy enterprise products in favor of new seat-based gxl products (i.e., products for business leaders across an enterprise).
gts client retention was 83% as of both december 31, 2018 and 2017, while wallet retention was 105% at both dates. gbs client retention was 82% and 81% as of december 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively, while wallet retention was 95% and 100%, respectively. the number of gts client enterprises increased by 6% at december 31, 2018 when compared to december 31, 2017, while the corresponding number of gbs client enterprises decreased by 4% year-over-year.
research revenues increased by $614.3 million during 2017 compared to 2016, or 33% on both a reported basis and excluding the foreign currency impact. on a reported basis, ceb contributed $309.6 million of the 2017 increase. the additional increase of $304.7 million in research revenues represented a 16% increase in our non-ceb research revenues on both a reported basis and excluding the foreign currency impact, with approximately one point of the increase due to l2, inc., which we acquired in the first quarter of 2017. the gross contribution margin declined by two points during 2017, primarily due to the impact of the deferred revenue fair value accounting adjustment resulting from the ceb acquisition.
excluding the foreign currency impact, gts and gbs contract values increased 13% and 6%, respectively, at december 31, 2017 when compared to december 31, 2016. total contract value increased to $2.8 billion at december 31, 2017, or 12%. total contract value at december 31, 2017 increased by double-digits across all of the company's sales regions and client sizes and virtually every industry segment compared to december 31, 2016.
gts client retention was 83% and 82% as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, while wallet retention was 105% and 103%, respectively. gbs client retention was 81% and 76% as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, while wallet retention was 100% and 95%, respectively. the number of gts client enterprises increased by 7% at december 31, 2017 when compared to december 31, 2016, while the corresponding number of gbs client enterprises was flat year-over-year.
conferences the conferences segment was previously called events.
as of and for the year ended december 31, 2018          as of and for the year ended december 31, 2017            increase(decrease)          percentageincrease(decrease)          as of and for the year ended december 31, 2017          as of and for the year ended december 31, 2016            increase(decrease)          percentageincrease(decrease)
financial measurements:
business measurements:
number of destination conferences (2)                                  70                                                      69                             1                                              1                %                            69                                                      66                             3                                              5                %
number of destination conferences attendees (2)                    78,136                                                  67,401                                         10,735                            16                %                        67,401                                                  54,602                                         12,799                            23                %
conferences revenues increased by $72.6 million during 2018 compared to 2017, or 21% on a reported basis and 22% excluding the foreign currency impact. a portion of the revenue increase for 2018 was due to the ceb acquisition, as 2018 included a full year of revenue compared to nine months in 2017. revenues from both attendees and exhibitors at our destination conferences, as well as revenues from our single day local meetings, increased by double-digits during 2018. we held 70 destination conferences in 2018 with a 16% increase in the number of attendees and an 8% increase in exhibitors when compared to 2017, while the average revenue per attendee and exhibitor increased by 5% and 7%, respectively. the gross contribution margin improved by two points in 2018 compared to 2017 due to greater profitability at our ongoing conferences, which was primarily driven by increased attendee and exhibitor participation and improvements in our average revenue per attendee and exhibitor, as well as our continuing efforts to efficiently manage our conference-related expenses.
conferences revenues increased by $69.3 million during 2017 compared to 2016, or 26% on a reported basis and 25% excluding the foreign currency impact. on a reported basis, ceb contributed $38.6 million of the 2017 increase, including four destination conferences with 3,578 attendees. the additional increase of $30.7 million in our segment revenues represented an 11% increase in our non-ceb conferences revenues on a reported basis and 10% excluding the foreign currency impact, with such revenues for both attendees and exhibitors increasing by double-digits. overall, we held 69 destination conferences in 2017 with a 23% increase in the number of attendees and a 6% increase in exhibitors when compared to 2016, while the average revenue per exhibitor increased by 3% and the average revenue per attendee declined by 4%. the gross contribution margin declined by three points in 2017 compared to 2016, primarily due to additional investment in headcount and higher program expenses and, to a lesser extent, a dilutive effect from the ceb destination conferences.
consulting as of and for the year ended december 31, 2018           as of and for the year ended december 31, 2017            increase(decrease)          percentageincrease(decrease)           as of and for the year ended december 31, 2017           as of and for the year ended december 31, 2016            increase(decrease)         percentageincrease(decrease)
financial measurements:
business measurements:
consultant utilization                                                                 63                 %                                     64                 %            (1) point                             -                                                      64                 %                                     66                 %           (2) points                            -
consulting revenues increased 8% during 2018 compared to 2017 on a reported basis and 7% excluding the foreign currency impact, with revenue improvements in labor-based core consulting and contract optimization of 9% and 2%, respectively, on a reported basis. the gross contribution margin was 29% for both 2018 and 2017.
backlog increased by $15.5 million, or 16%, from december 31, 2017 to december 31, 2018. the $110.7 million of backlog at december 31, 2018 represented approximately four months of backlog, which is in line with the company's operational target.
consulting revenues increased 3% during 2017 compared to 2016 on both a reported basis and excluding the foreign currency impact, with revenue improvements in both labor-based core consulting and contract optimization. the gross contribution margin was 29% and 28% for 2017 and 2016, respectively. the margin improvement in 2017 was primarily due to additional contract optimization revenue, which has a higher contribution margin than our labor-based core consulting, partially offset by lower consultant utilization and our investment in additional managing partners.
backlog increased by $6.6 million, or 7%, from december 31, 2016 to december 31, 2017. the $95.2 million of backlog at december 31, 2017 represented approximately four months of backlog, which is in line with the company's operational target.
other as of and for the year ended december 31, 2018          as of and for the year ended december 31, 2017   increase(decrease)         percentageincrease(decrease)
financial measurements:
during 2018, the company divested all three of the non-core businesses that comprised its other segment, each of which were acquired as part of the acquisition of ceb inc. in april 2017. both revenue and gross contribution declined in 2018 compared to 2017 due to the divestitures.
as a result of the divestitures and the movement of a small residual product in the other segment into the research business, the company is no longer recording any additional operating activity in the other segment effective september 1, 2018. additional information regarding the divestitures is included in note 2 -acquisitions and divestitures in the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources we finance our operations through cash generated from our operating activities and borrowings. note 5 - debt in the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k provides additional information regarding the company's outstanding debt obligations. at december 31, 2018, we had $156.4 million of cash and cash equivalents and $1.0 billion of available borrowing capacity on the revolving credit facility under our 2016 credit agreement. we believe that the company has adequate liquidity to meet its currently anticipated needs.
we have historically generated significant cash flows from our operating activities. our operating cash flow has been continuously maintained by the leverage characteristics of our subscription-based business model in our research segment, which is our largest business segment and historically has constituted the majority of our total revenues. the majority of our research customer contracts are paid in advance and, combined with a strong customer retention rate and high incremental margins, has resulted in continuously strong operating cash flow. cash flow generation has also benefited from our ongoing efforts to improve the operating efficiencies of our businesses as well as a focus on the optimal management of our working capital as we increase sales.
our cash and cash equivalents are held in numerous locations throughout the world with 79% held overseas at december 31, 2018. the company intends to reinvest substantially all of its accumulated undistributed foreign earnings, except in instances where repatriation would result in minimal additional tax. as a result of the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act of 2017, we believe that the income tax impact if such earnings were repatriated would be minimal.
the following table summarizes the changes in the company's cash balances for the years indicated (in thousands):
cash provided by operating activities                             $471,158                             $254,517                         $216,641                         $254,517                              $365,632                        $(111,115        )
effects of exchange rate changes                                    (6,489          )                    25,902                          (32,391        )                  25,902                                (5,640          )                31,542
(1) the december 31, 2018 ending cash balance of $158.7 million consisted of $156.4 million of cash and cash equivalents and $2.3 million of restricted cash.
operating cash provided by operating activities was $471.2 million in 2018 compared to $254.5 million in 2017, an increase of $216.6 million. the year-over-year increase was driven by net income of $122.5 million in 2018 compared to net income of $3.3 million in 2017, as well as substantially higher receivable collections during 2018. partially offsetting these increases in 2018 were higher cash amounts paid for bonuses, taxes, and interest on our borrowings, as well as decreases in our other working capital accounts.
investing cash provided by investing activities was $384.1 million in 2018, with $510.9 million in net cash realized from business divestiture and acquisition activities, which was partially offset by approximately $126.8 million of capital expenditures. in 2017, cash used in investing activities was $2.8 billion, primarily due to business acquisitions.
financing cash used in financing activities was approximately $1.3 billion in 2018 compared to cash provided of $2.5 billion in 2017. during 2018, the company used $1.0 billion in cash to reduce its outstanding debt and used $260.8 million in cash for share repurchases. during 2017, the company borrowed approximately $3.0 billion and paid: $404.4 million in debt principal repayments; $51.2 million for deferred financing fees on debt; and $41.3 million for share repurchases.
operating cash provided by operating activities was $254.5 million in 2017 compared to $365.6 million in 2016. the decline was due to: a decline in net income, which was $3.3 million in 2017 compared to $193.6 million in 2016; unfavorable changes in working capital in 2017 compared to 2016; and substantially higher cash payments for bonuses, commissions, interest on our borrowings, and acquisition and integration costs in 2017 compared to 2016.
investing cash used in investing activities was $2.8 billion in 2017 compared to $98.1 million of cash used in 2016. cash used in 2017 was substantially higher primarily due to business acquisitions. we also made additional investments in capital expenditures in 2017, with $110.8 million invested in 2017 compared to $49.9 million in 2016.
financing cash provided by financing activities was $2.5 billion in 2017 compared to cash used of $174.7 million in 2016. during 2017, the company borrowed a total of approximately $3.0 billion and paid: $404.4 million in debt principal repayments: $51.2 million for deferred financing fees on debt; and $41.3 million for share repurchases. during 2016, the company used $59.0 million in cash for share repurchases and $125.0 million for debt repayments.
obligations and commitments debt as of december 31, 2018, the company had $2.3 billion in principal amount of debt outstanding. note 5 - debt in the notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k provides additional information regarding the company's debt obligations.
off-balance sheet arrangements through december 31, 2018, we have not entered into any material off-balance sheet arrangements or transactions with unconsolidated entities or other persons.
contractual cash commitments the company has certain commitments that contractually require future cash payments. the table below summarizes the company's contractual cash commitments as of december 31, 2018 (in thousands):
operating leases (2)                                           130,991                   240,747                 217,231                     689,359                 1,278,328
(1)   principal repayments of the company's debt obligations are classified in the above table based on the contractual repayment dates. interest payments due were based on the effective interest rates as of december 31, 2018. note 5 - debt in the notes to consolidated financial statements provides information regarding the company's debt obligations.
(2)   the company leases various facilities, furniture, computer equipment, automobiles and equipment under non-cancelable operating lease agreements expiring between 2019 and 2032. the total commitment excludes approximately $372.0 million of estimated income from the subleasing of certain facilities. see note 1 - business and significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information on the company's leases.
(3)   the company has supplemental deferred compensation arrangements with certain of its employees. amounts payable with known payment dates have been classified in the above table based on those scheduled payment dates. amounts payable whose payment dates are unknown have been included in the due in more than 5 years category since the company cannot determine when the amounts will be paid. see note 13 - employee benefits in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the company's supplemental deferred compensation arrangements.
(4)   the amount due represents the company's cash payable for the transition tax liability under the u.s. tax cut and jobs act of 2017 which is reduced by certain unrelated credits and attributes. the company currently expects to pay the transition tax over approximately eight years.
(5)   other includes (i) contractual commitments for software, building maintenance, telecom and other services; (ii) amounts due for share repurchase transactions that occurred in late december 2018 but were settled in cash in january 2019; and (iii) projected cash contributions to the company's defined benefit pension plans. see note 13 - employee benefits in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the company's defined benefit pension plans.
in addition to the contractual cash commitments included in the above table, the company has other payables and liabilities that may be legally enforceable but are not considered contractual commitments. information regarding the company's payables and liabilities is included in note 4 - accounts payable, accrued, and other liabilities in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
quarterly financial data the following tables present our quarterly operating results for the two-year period ended december 31, 2018:
operating (loss) income                 (8,711        )          86,096             52,724             129,606
operating income (loss)                      53,514       (98,388       )    (24,349       )          62,894
(1)   the aggregate of the four quarters' basic and diluted earnings per common share may not equal the reported full calendar year amounts due to the effects of share repurchases, dilutive equity compensation and rounding.
(2)   in december 2017, the company recorded a $59.6 million tax benefit related to the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act of 2017. the tax benefit increased our net income and our basic and diluted income per share for the fourth quarter of 2017 by approximately $0.66 per share and $0.65 per share, respectively. see note 10 - income taxes in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the impact of the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act of 2017.
recently issued accounting standards the fasb has issued accounting standards that have not yet become effective and that may impact the company's consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in future periods. note 1 - business and significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements herein provides information regarding those accounting standards.