we manufacture and source products and materials on a global scale. we utilize an integrated supply chain - a complex network of suppliers and material needs, owned manufacturing locations, co-manufacturing locations, distribution networks, shared service delivery centers and information systems that support our ability to provide our products to our customers consistently. factors that are hard to predict or beyond our control, like weather (including any potential effects of climate change), natural disasters, supply and commodity shortages, fire, explosions, terrorism, political unrest, cybersecurity breaches, generalized labor unrest or health pandemics could damage or disrupt our operations or those of our suppliers, their suppliers or our co-manufacturers. if we do not effectively plan for and respond to disruptions in our operations, for example, by finding alternative suppliers or replacing capacity at key or sole manufacturing or distribution locations, or cannot quickly repair damage to our information, production or supply systems, we may be late in delivering or unable to deliver products to our customers such as occurred in connection with the malware incident (see management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - significant items affecting comparability - malware incident), and the quality and safety of our products might be negatively affected. if a material or extended disruption occurs, we may lose our customers' or business partners' confidence or suffer damage to our reputation, and long-term consumer demand for our products could decline. in addition, we might not have the functions, processes or organizational capability necessary to achieve on our anticipated timeframes our strategic ambition to reconfigure our supply chain and continue to drive efficiencies to fuel growth. further, our ability to supply multiple markets with a streamlined manufacturing footprint may be negatively impacted by portfolio complexity, significant changes in trade policies, changes in volume produced and changes to regulatory restrictions or labor-related constraints on our ability to adjust production capacity in the markets in which we operate. these events could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations.
(4)   non-gaap adjustments related to the simplify to grow program reflect costs incurred that relate to the objectives of our program to transform our supply chain network and organizational structure. costs that do not meet the program objectives are not reflected in the non-gaap adjustments.