item 1a. risk factors the information set forth in this item 1a should be read in conjunction with the rest of the information included in this report, including management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, item 7, and financial statements and supplementary data, item 8.
we must manage fluctuating demand for our services and network capacity - if there are significant reductions in demand for rail services with respect to one or more commodities or changes in consumer preferences that affect the businesses of our customers, we may experience increased costs associated
with resizing our operations, including higher unit operating costs and costs for the storage of locomotives, rail cars, and other equipment; work-force adjustments; and other related activities, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. if there is significant demand for our services that exceeds the designed capacity of our network, we may experience network difficulties, including congestion and reduced velocity, that could compromise the level of service we provide to our customers. this level of demand may also compound the impact of weather and weather-related events on our operations and velocity. although we continue to improve our transportation plan, add capacity, improve operations at our yards and other facilities, and improve our ability to address surges in demand for any reason with adequate resources, we cannot be sure that these measures will fully or adequately address any service shortcomings resulting from demand exceeding our planned capacity.  we may experience other operational or service difficulties related to network capacity, dramatic and unplanned fluctuations in our customers' demand for rail service with respect to one or more commodities or operating regions, or other events that could negatively impact our operational efficiency, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
we transport hazardous materials - we transport certain hazardous materials and other materials, including crude oil, ethanol, and toxic inhalation hazard (tih) materials, such as chlorine, that pose certain risks in the event of a release or combustion. additionally, u.s. laws impose common carrier obligations on railroads that require us to transport certain hazardous materials regardless of risk or potential exposure to loss. a rail accident or other incident or accident on our network, at our facilities, or at the facilities of our customers involving the release or combustion of hazardous materials could involve significant costs and claims for personal injury, property damage, and environmental penalties and remediation in excess of our insurance coverage for these risks, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
we are subject to significant governmental regulation - we are subject to governmental regulation by a significant number of federal, state, and local authorities covering a variety of health, safety, labor, environmental, economic (as discussed below), and other matters.  many laws and regulations require us to obtain and maintain various licenses, permits, and other authorizations, and we cannot guarantee that we will continue to be able to do so. our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on us. governments or regulators may change the legislative or regulatory frameworks within which we operate without providing us any recourse to address any adverse effects on our business, including, without limitation, regulatory determinations or rules regarding dispute resolution, increasing the amount of our traffic subject to common carrier regulation, business relationships with other railroads, calculation of our cost of capital or other inputs relevant to computing our revenue adequacy, the prices we charge, and costs and expenses. significant legislative activity in congress or regulatory activity by the stb could expand regulation of railroad operations and prices for rail services, which could reduce capital spending on our rail network, facilities and equipment and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. as part of the rail safety improvement act of 2008, rail carriers were to implement ptc by the end of 2015 (the rail safety improvement act).  the surface transportation extension act of 2015 amended the rail safety improvement act to require implementation of ptc by the end of 2018, which deadline may be extended to december 31, 2020, provided certain other criteria are satisfied.  on december 10, 2018, we received approval from the fra for an alternative schedule to implement, test and refine our ptc during 2019-2020.  final implementation of ptc will require us to adapt and integrate our system with other railroads whose implementation plan may be different than ours.  this implementation could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. additionally, one or more consolidations of class i railroads could also lead to increased regulation of the rail industry.
we may be affected by general economic conditions - prolonged severe adverse domestic and global economic conditions or disruptions of financial and credit markets may affect the producers and consumers of the commodities we carry and may have a material adverse effect on our access to liquidity and our results of operations and financial condition.
we face competition from other railroads and other transportation providers - we face competition from other railroads, motor carriers, ships, barges, and pipelines. in addition to price competition, we face competition with respect to transit times and quality and reliability of service. we must build or acquire and maintain our rail system, while trucks, barges and maritime operators are able to use public rights-of-way maintained by public entities. any future improvements or expenditures materially increasing the quality or reducing the cost of alternative modes of transportation, or legislation that eliminates or significantly increases the size or weight limitations currently applicable to motor carriers, could have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. additionally, any future consolidation of the rail industry could materially affect the competitive environment in which we operate.
we rely on technology and technology improvements in our business operations - we rely on information technology in all aspects of our business. if we do not have sufficient capital to acquire new technology or if we are unable to develop or implement new technology such as ptc or the latest version of our transportation control systems, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage within the rail industry and with companies providing other modes of transportation service, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. additionally, if a cyber attack or other event causes significant disruption or failure of one or more of our information technology systems, including computer hardware, software, and communications equipment, we could suffer a significant service interruption, safety failure, security breach, or other operational difficulties, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
we may be subject to various claims and lawsuits that could result in significant expenditures - as a railroad with operations in densely populated urban areas and other cities and a vast rail network, we are exposed to the potential for various claims and litigation related to labor and employment, personal injury, property damage, environmental liability, and other matters. any material changes to litigation trends or a catastrophic rail accident or series of accidents involving any or all of property damage, personal injury, and environmental liability that exceed our insurance coverage for such risks could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
we are subject to significant environmental laws and regulations - due to the nature of the railroad business, our operations are subject to extensive federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations concerning, among other things, emissions to the air; discharges to waters; handling, storage, transportation, disposal of waste and other materials; and hazardous material or petroleum releases. we generate and transport hazardous and non-hazardous waste in our operations, and we did so in our former operations. environmental liability can extend to previously owned or operated properties, leased properties, and properties owned by third parties, as well as to properties we currently own. environmental liabilities have arisen and may also arise from claims asserted by adjacent landowners or other third parties in toxic tort litigation. we have been and may be subject to allegations or findings that we have violated, or are strictly liable under, these laws or regulations. we currently have certain obligations at existing sites for investigation, remediation and monitoring, and we likely will have obligations at other sites in the future.  liabilities for these obligations affect our estimate based on our experience and, as necessary, the advice and assistance of our consultants.  however, actual costs may vary from our estimates due to any or all of several factors, including changes to environmental laws or interpretations of such laws, technological changes affecting investigations and remediation, the participation and financial viability of other parties responsible for any such liability and the corrective action or change to corrective actions required to remediate any existing or future sites. we could incur significant costs as a result of any of the foregoing, and we may be required to incur significant expenses to investigate and remediate known, unknown, or future environmental contamination, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
we may be affected by climate change and market or regulatory responses to climate change - climate change, including the impact of global warming, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.  restrictions, caps, taxes, or other controls on emissions of greenhouse gasses, including diesel exhaust, could significantly increase our operating costs.  restrictions on emissions could also affect our customers that (a) use commodities that we carry to produce energy, (b) use significant amounts of energy in producing or delivering the commodities we carry, or (c) manufacture or produce goods that consume significant amounts of energy or burn fossil fuels, including chemical producers, farmers and food producers, and automakers and other manufacturers.  significant cost increases, government regulation, or changes of consumer preferences for goods or services relating to alternative sources of energy or emissions reductions could materially affect the markets for the commodities we carry, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.  government incentives encouraging the use of alternative sources of energy could also affect certain of our customers and the markets for certain of the commodities we carry in an unpredictable manner that could alter our traffic patterns, including, for example, increasing royalties charged to producers of prb coal by the u.s. department of interior and the impacts of ethanol incentives on farming and ethanol producers. finally, we could face increased costs related to defending and resolving legal claims and other litigation related to climate change and the alleged impact of our operations on climate change.  any of these factors, individually or in operation with one or more of the other factors, or
other unforeseen impacts of climate change could reduce the amount of traffic we handle and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
severe weather could result in significant business interruptions and expenditures - as a railroad with a vast network, we are exposed to severe weather conditions and other natural phenomena, including earthquakes, hurricanes, fires, floods, mudslides or landslides, extreme temperatures, and significant precipitation. line outages and other interruptions caused by these conditions can adversely affect our entire rail network and can adversely affect revenue, costs, and liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
strikes or work stoppages could adversely affect our operations - the u.s. class i railroads are party to collective bargaining agreements with various labor unions. the majority of our employees belong to labor unions and are subject to these agreements. disputes with regard to the terms of these agreements or our potential inability to negotiate acceptable contracts with these unions could result in, among other things, strikes, work stoppages, slowdowns, or lockouts, which could cause a significant disruption of our operations and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. additionally, future national labor agreements, or renegotiation of labor agreements or provisions of labor agreements, could compromise our service reliability or significantly increase our costs for health care, wages, and other benefits, which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.  labor disputes, work stoppages, slowdowns or lockouts at loading/unloading facilities, ports or other transport access points could compromise our service reliability and have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.  labor disputes, work stoppages, slowdowns or lockouts by employees of our customers or our suppliers could compromise our service reliability and have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
the availability of qualified personnel could adversely affect our operations - changes in demographics, training requirements, and the availability of qualified personnel could negatively affect our ability to meet demand for rail service. unpredictable increases in demand for rail services and a lack of network fluidity may exacerbate such risks, which could have a negative impact on our operational efficiency and otherwise have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
we may be affected by fluctuating fuel prices - fuel costs constitute a significant portion of our transportation expenses. diesel fuel prices can be subject to dramatic fluctuations, and significant price increases could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. although we currently are able to recover a significant amount of our fuel expenses from our customers through revenue from fuel surcharges, we cannot be certain that we will always be able to mitigate rising or elevated fuel costs through our fuel surcharges. additionally, future market conditions or legislative or regulatory activities could adversely affect our ability to apply fuel surcharges or adequately recover increased fuel costs through fuel surcharges. as fuel prices fluctuate, our fuel surcharge programs trail such fluctuations in fuel price by approximately two months, and may be a significant source of quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year volatility, particularly in periods of rapidly changing prices. international, political, and economic factors, events and conditions affect the volatility of fuel prices and supplies. weather can also affect fuel supplies and limit domestic refining capacity. a severe shortage of, or disruption to, domestic fuel supplies could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.  alternatively, lower fuel prices could have a positive impact on the economy by increasing consumer discretionary spending that potentially could increase demand for various consumer products we transport. however, lower fuel prices could have a negative impact on other commodities we transport, such as coal and domestic drilling-related shipments, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
we utilize capital markets - due to the significant capital expenditures required to operate and maintain a safe and efficient railroad, we rely on the capital markets to provide some of our capital requirements.  we utilize long-term debt instruments, bank financing and commercial paper from time-to-time, and we pledge certain of our receivables.  significant instability or disruptions of the capital markets, including the credit markets, or deterioration of our financial condition due to internal or external factors could restrict or prohibit our access to, and significantly increase the cost of, commercial paper and other financing sources, including bank credit facilities and the issuance of long-term debt, including corporate bonds. a significant deterioration of our financial condition could result in a reduction of our credit rating to below investment grade, which could restrict, or at certain credit levels below investment grade may prohibit us, from utilizing our current receivables securitization facility. this may also limit our access to external sources of capital and significantly increase the costs of short and long-term debt financing.
a significant portion of our revenue involves transportation of commodities to and from international markets - although revenues from our operations are attributable to transportation services provided in the u.s., a significant portion of our revenues involves the transportation of commodities to and from international markets, including mexico and southeast asia, by various carriers and, at times, various modes of transportation. significant and sustained interruptions of trade with mexico or countries in southeast asia, including china, could adversely affect customers and other entities that, directly or indirectly, purchase or rely on rail transportation services in the u.s. as part of their operations, and any such interruptions could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. any one or more of the following could cause a significant and sustained interruption of trade with mexico or countries in southeast asia: (a) a deterioration of security for international trade and businesses; (b) the adverse impact of new laws, rules and regulations or the interpretation of laws, rules and regulations by government entities, courts or regulatory bodies, including modifications to the north american free trade agreement (nafta) or its proposed successor called the u.s.-mexico-canada agreement (usmca) and actions of taxing authorities that affect our customers doing business in foreign countries; (c) any significant adverse economic developments, such as extended periods of high inflation, material disruptions in the banking sector or in the capital markets of these foreign countries, and significant changes in the valuation of the currencies of these foreign countries that could materially affect the cost or value of imports or exports; (d) shifts in patterns of international trade that adversely affect import and export markets; and (e) a material reduction in foreign direct investment in these countries.
we are subject to legislative, regulatory, and legal developments involving taxes - taxes are a significant part of our expenses.  we are subject to u.s. federal, state, and foreign income, payroll, property, sales and use, fuel, and other types of taxes. changes in tax rates, such as those included in the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act, enactment of new tax laws, revisions of tax regulations, and claims or litigation with taxing authorities could result in a material effect to our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.  higher tax rates could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity.
we are dependent on certain key suppliers of locomotives and rail - due to the capital intensive nature and sophistication of locomotive equipment, parts and maintenance, potential new suppliers face high barriers to entry.  therefore, if one of the domestic suppliers of high horsepower locomotives discontinues manufacturing locomotives, supplying parts or providing maintenance for any reason, including bankruptcy or insolvency, we could experience significant cost increases and reduced availability of the locomotives that are necessary for our operations.  additionally, for a high percentage of our rail purchases, we utilize two steel producers (one domestic and one international) that meet our specifications.  rail is critical to our operations for rail replacement programs, maintenance, and for adding additional network capacity, new rail and storage yards, and expansions of existing facilities.  this industry similarly has high barriers to entry, and if one of these suppliers discontinues operations for any reason, including bankruptcy or insolvency, we could experience both significant cost increases for rail purchases and difficulty obtaining sufficient rail for maintenance and other projects.
we may be affected by acts of terrorism, war, or risk of war - our rail lines, facilities, and equipment, including rail cars carrying hazardous materials, could be direct targets or indirect casualties of terrorist attacks. terrorist attacks, or other similar events, any government response thereto, and war or risk of war may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. in addition, insurance premiums for some or all of our current coverages could increase dramatically, or certain coverages may not be available to us in the future.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and applicable notes to the financial statements and supplementary data, item 8, and other information in this report, including risk factors set forth in item 1a and critical accounting policies and cautionary information at the end of this item 7.
the railroad, along with its subsidiaries and rail affiliates, is our one reportable business segment. although revenue is analyzed by commodity, we analyze the net financial results of the railroad as one segment due to the integrated nature of the rail network.
·   safety - during 2018, we continued our focus on safety to reduce risk and eliminate incidents for our employees, our customers and the public. despite our efforts, our reportable personal injury incidents per 200,000 employee-hours of 0.82 increased 4% from 2017, which was our second best year on record. 2016 was our all-time annual record of 0.75 personal injury incidents per 200,000 employee-hours. our reportable derailment incident rate per million train miles of 3.28 and crossing incidents rate of 2.69 increased 12% and 5%, respectively, compared to 2017. we remain intently focused on improving employee and public safety with programs such as courage to care, total safety culture, and up way (our continuous improvement culture).
·   network operations: unified plan 2020 - we entered 2018 with network congestion on key routes and terminals, compounded by high freight car inventory levels that negatively impacted operational performance during the first half of the year. on october 1, 2018, we began implementation of the first phase of our unified plan 2020, which included several initiatives focused on increasing reliability of our service product, reducing variability in network operations, and improving resource utilization costs.
as a result, network operations improved significantly as we progressed throughout the fourth quarter.  we reduced our active locomotive fleet by 625 locomotives and reduced operating car inventory by more than 10% compared to september 30, 2018, while handling relatively similar volume levels. as reference, average terminal dwell, as reported to the aar improved 14% to 26.7 hours in the fourth quarter compared to the first half of 2018.  on a full year basis, average terminal dwell improved 2% while average train speed decreased 4% compared to 2017.  additional details on our unified plan 2020 goals and implementation schedule are included in the "2019 outlook" section of item 7.
·   freight revenues - our freight revenues increased 8% year-over-year to $21.4 billion driven by volume growth of 4%, higher fuel surcharge revenue, and core pricing gains, partially offset by negative mix of traffic. growth in international and domestic intermodal, petroleum products, metals, rock, plastics, and industrial chemical shipments more than offset declines in coal, grain, and frac sand shipments.
·   financial results - in 2018, we generated operating income of more than $8.5 billion, an 8% increase compared to 2017 adjusted results (non-gaap)[1]. volume growth, combined with core pricing and productivity gains, generated solid financial performance improvement and more than offset the impact of excess network costs, higher fuel prices, and other cost hurdles, including state and local taxes, depreciation, and inflation. excess network costs include additional expenses associated with operational efficiencies resulting in higher train, engine and yard (te&amp;y) labor expenses, fuel consumption inefficiencies, maintenance costs on a larger, active locomotive fleet, and higher freight car rent expense due to slower asset turns. our 2018 operating ratio was an all-time record 62.7%, improving 0.1 point from 2017 adjusted results (non-gaap)[1]. net income of nearly $6.0 billion translated into earnings of $7.91 per diluted share.
[1] for comparability purposes, the following table reconciles our full year 2017 reported results under accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. (gaap) to our 2017 adjusted results (non-gaap) for tax related items recognized in 2017.  we believe the adjusted results provide relevant information to our investors as they more accurately reflect on-going financial performance.  in addition, these measures should be considered in addition to, and not a substitute for operating income, income taxes, net income, diluted eps, operating ratio, and effective tax rate.
millions, except per share amounts and         operating          income             net         diluted     operating   effective percentages                                       income          taxes           income             eps         ratio   tax rate
factors affecting comparability:
adjustments for tax cuts and jobs act equity-method affiliates                           (212)          (73)             (139)          (0.17)    1.0   pts    -
*adjusted for the retrospective adoption of asu 2017-07 which was effective january 1, 2018.
·   fuel prices - our average price of diesel fuel in 2018 was $2.29 per gallon, an increase of 27% from 2017, as both crude oil and conversion spreads between crude oil and diesel increased in 2018. the higher price resulted in increased operating expenses of $507 million (excluding any impact from year-over-year volume growth). gross-ton miles and our fuel consumption rate, computed as gallons of fuel consumed divided by gross ton-miles, both increased 3%, which also drove higher fuel expense.
·   free cash flow - cash generated by operating activities totaled nearly $8.7 billion, yielding free cash flow of $3.0 billion after reductions of $3.4 billion for cash used in investing activities and $2.3 billion in dividends, which included a 20% increase in our quarterly dividend per share from $0.665 in the fourth quarter of 2017 to $0.80 in the fourth quarter of 2018. free cash flow is defined as cash provided by operating activities less cash used in investing activities and dividends paid.
free cash flow is not considered a financial measure under gaap by sec regulation g and item 10 of sec regulation s-k and may not be defined and calculated by other companies in the same manner. we believe free cash flow is important to management and investors in evaluating our financial performance and measures our ability to generate cash without additional external financings. free cash flow should be considered in addition to, rather than as a substitute for, cash provided by operating activities. the following table reconciles cash provided by operating activities (gaap measure) to free cash flow (non-gaap measure):
cash provided by operating activities            $8,686          $7,230          $7,525
·   safety - operating a safe railroad benefits all our constituents: our employees, customers, shareholders and the communities we serve. we will continue using a multi-faceted approach to safety, utilizing technology, risk assessment, training and employee engagement, quality control, and targeted capital investments. we will continue using and expanding the deployment of total safety culture and courage to care throughout our operations, which allows us to identify and implement best practices for employee and operational safety. we will continue our efforts to increase detection of rail defects; improve or close crossings; and educate the public and law enforcement agencies about crossing safety through a combination of our own programs (including risk assessment strategies), industry programs and local community activities across our network.
·   network operations - in 2019, we will continue to implement our g55+0 and unified plan 2020 initiatives to further increase reliability of our service product, reduce variability in network operations, and improve resource utilization. we began implementation of phase 1 on october 1, 2018 which included our north to south mid-america corridor, and was substantially completed in late 2018. phase 1 included approximately 160 changes to our transportation plan in that territory. in november of 2018, we began the planning phase of implementation on the sunset route and on the two rail corridors between los angeles and chicago. planning for the third phase, which includes the pacific northwest and northern california, began in late january of 2019. we expect full implementation of all phases of the unified plan 2020 by mid-2019. beyond the initial implementation of unified plan 2020, we will continue to evaluate the entire network and make further changes as warranted.
in addition, we are working through a terminal rationalization process to more fully optimize our train operations and crew resources.  these potential changes, combined with other g55+0 initiatives, are designed to better align our management structure and decision making processes in conjunction with our unified plan 2020 operating model.
·   fuel prices - fuel price projections for crude oil and natural gas continue to fluctuate in the current environment. we again could see volatile fuel prices during the year, as they are sensitive to global and u.s. domestic demand, refining capacity, geopolitical events, weather conditions and other factors. as prices fluctuate, there will be a timing impact on earnings, as our fuel surcharge programs trail increases or decreases in fuel price by approximately two months.
lower fuel prices could have a positive impact on the economy by increasing consumer discretionary spending that potentially could increase demand for various consumer products that we transport. alternatively, lower fuel prices could likely have a negative impact on other commodities such as coal and domestic drilling-related shipments.
·   capital plan - in 2019, we expect our capital plan to be approximately $3.2 billion, flat compared to 2018. the plan includes expenditures to renew and improve our existing infrastructure as well as new capacity investments designed to support future business growth and operational efficiency. in addition, expenditures will be made for locomotive modernization and freight cars. the capital plan may be revised if business conditions warrant or if new laws or regulations affect our ability to generate sufficient returns on these investments. (see further discussion in this item 7 under liquidity and capital resources - capital plan).
·   financial expectations - economic conditions in many of our market sectors continue to drive uncertainty with respect to our volume levels. although we expect volume to grow in the low single digit range in 2019 compared to 2018, uncertainties in energy markets and prices, consumer purchases, inflation, and both domestic and international economies will have an impact. in the current environment, we expect continued margin improvement driven by continued pricing opportunities, ongoing g55+0 productivity initiatives, and full implementation of our unified plan 2020 to better leverage our resources and strengthen our franchise.
results of operations operating revenues
% change        % change millions                         2018        2017        2016     2018 v 2017     2017 v 2016
we generate freight revenues by transporting freight or other materials from our four commodity groups. freight revenues vary with volume (carloads) and average revenue per car (arc). changes in price, traffic mix and fuel surcharges drive arc. we provide some of our customers with contractual incentives for meeting or exceeding specified cumulative volumes or shipping to and from specific locations, which we record as reductions to freight revenues based on the actual or projected future shipments. we recognize freight revenues as shipments move from origin to destination. we allocate freight revenues between reporting periods based on the relative transit time in each reporting period and recognize expenses as we incur them.
other revenues include revenues earned by our subsidiaries, revenues from commuter rail operations that we manage, accessorial revenues, which we earn when customers retain equipment owned or controlled by us or when we perform additional services such as switching or storage, and miscellaneous contract revenue. we recognize other revenues as we perform services or meet contractual obligations.
freight revenues increased 8% year-over-year to $21.4 billion driven by 4% volume growth, higher fuel surcharge revenue, and core pricing gains, partially offset by negative mix of traffic. growth in international
and domestic intermodal, petroleum products, metals, rock, plastics, and industrial chemical shipments more than offset declines in coal, grain, and frac sand shipments.
freight revenues increased 7% in 2017 to $19.8 billion driven by volume growth of 2%, higher fuel surcharge revenue, and core pricing gains. growth in frac sand, coal, and intermodal shipments more than offset declines in grain, crude oil, finished vehicles, and rock shipments.
our fuel surcharge programs generated freight revenues of $1.7 billion, $966 million, and $560 million in 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively. fuel surcharge revenue in 2018 increased $769 million as a result of a 27% increase in fuel price and 4% growth in carloadings.  fuel surcharge revenue in 2017 increased $406 million as a result of a 22% increase in fuel price, a 2% growth in carloadings, and the lag impact on fuel surcharge (it can generally take up to two months for changing fuel prices to affect fuel surcharge recoveries).
in 2018, other revenues increased from 2017 driven by higher accessorial revenues associated with carload and container volume growth.
in 2017, other revenues increased from 2016 due to higher revenues at our subsidiaries, primarily those that broker intermodal, transload, and refrigerated warehousing logistics services.
the following tables summarize the year-over-year changes in freight revenues, revenue carloads, and arc by commodity type:
freight revenues                                                       % change        % change millions                       2018          2017          2016     2018 v 2017     2017 v 2016
revenue carloads                                                    % change        % change thousands               2018         2017         2016           2018 v 2017     2017 v 2016
% change        % change average revenue per car          2018          2017          2016     2018 v 2017     2017 v 2016
agricultural products - freight revenue from agricultural products increased in 2018 compared to 2017 driven by core pricing gains and higher fuel surcharge revenue, partially offset by a 1% decrease in volume. grain shipments decreased 8% in 2018 compared to 2017 largely due to lower export wheat shipments reflecting weaker u.s. competitiveness in the global market throughout 2018. conversely, fertilizer shipments increased 7% and grain products shipments increased 4% versus 2017 driven by continued strength in potash exports and higher export ethanol shipments.   2018 agricultural products carloads freight revenue from agricultural products increased in 2017 compared to 2016 driven by core pricing gains and higher fuel surcharge revenue, partially offset by a 1% decrease in volume.  grain and grain product shipments decreased 3% in 2017 compared to 2016.  strong export demand for wheat drove volume growth in the first half of the year, which was more than offset by declines of grain shipments in the second half of the year due to an abundance of global supply reducing u.s. grain competitiveness. conversely, fertilizer shipments increased 7% as a result of continued strength in potash exports.
energy - freight revenue from energy shipments increased in 2018 compared to 2017 due to higher fuel surcharge revenue and mix of traffic, which was partially offset by a 2% decline in volume. coal and coke shipments, which represented 73% of energy shipments in 2017, declined 5% due to a commercial contract loss and certain up-served facility retirements. frac sand shipments also declined largely due to regional sand supplies in the permian displacing select shipments originating from the upper midwest. conversely, petroleum products shipments increased due to continued strong drilling activity.   2018 energy carloads volume growth of 11% and higher fuel surcharge revenue drove an increase in freight revenue from energy shipments in 2017 compared to 2016. shipments out of the powder river basin (prb) grew 5% driven by strong growth in the first half of the year due to higher year-over-year natural gas prices and lower inventory levels at utilities. shipments out of colorado and utah increased 7% compared to 2016 due to the same drivers, combined with stronger export demand. in addition, increased shale drilling activity and proppant intensity per drilling well drove substantial volume growth in frac sand shipments versus 2016.
industrial - freight revenue from industrial shipments increased in 2018 versus 2017 due to volume growth, core pricing gains, and higher fuel surcharge revenue, which was partially offset by negative mix of traffic. volume grew 6% compared to 2017 due to stronger industrial production that drove growth in metals and ores, construction products, plastics, and industrial chemicals shipments. in addition, lumber shipments increased due to growth in end use demand compared to 2017.   2018 industrial carloads freight revenue from industrial shipments increased in 2017 versus 2016 due to core pricing gains and higher fuel surcharge revenue.
volumes were flat as growth in shipments of metals, waste, and government shipments were offset by declines in construction materials due to inclement weather in the west in the first half of the year, combined with decreased construction activity in texas and lower industrial chemical shipments.
premium - freight revenue from premium shipments increased in 2018 compared to 2017 driven by volume growth, higher fuel surcharge revenue, and core pricing gains, partially offset by negative mix of traffic. volume grew 6% driven by 9% growth in international intermodal, including newly secured business in 2018 and a fourth quarter surge in shipments. in addition, domestic intermodal shipments, including containerized automotive parts, increased as a result of tighter truck capacity, increased production at certain auto parts facilities, and continued truck-to-rail conversions.   2018 premium carloads higher fuel surcharge revenue and core pricing gains drove an increase in freight revenue from premium shipments in 2017 compared to 2016. volumes were flat as a 1% growth in international shipments was muted by flat domestic shipments (including containerized automotive parts) due to available truck capacity during most of 2017, which offset a strong holiday shipping season in the fourth quarter. in addition, shipments of finished vehicles fell 7% in 2017 resulting from lower domestic sales and reduced production for certain manufactures.
mexico business - each of our commodity groups includes revenue from shipments to and from mexico. freight revenue from mexico business was $2.5 billion in 2018, up 10% compared to 2017, driven by 1% volume growth, fuel surcharge revenue, and core pricing gains. the increase in volume was driven by higher shipments of corn and feed grains, coal, and finished vehicles, partially offset by declines in automotive parts and intermodal shipments.
freight revenue from mexico business was $2.3 billion in 2017, up 2% compared to 2016.  core pricing gains and higher fuel surcharge revenue more than offset the 1% volume decline. the decrease in volume was driven by lower shipments of automotive parts, partially offset by growth in coal and refined petroleum products shipments.
operating expenses
% change        % change millions                                  2018          2017          2016     2018 v 2017     2017 v 2016
compensation and benefits               $5,056        $4,939        $4,779       2       %       3   %
purchased services and materials         2,443         2,363         2,258       3               5
operating expenses increased $1,181 million in 2018 compared to 2017 driven by higher fuel prices, excess network costs, volume-related expenses, depreciation, and inflation. in addition, 2017 results included a $212 million reduction to rent expense related to income tax adjustments at certain equity-method affiliates. productivity savings, lower management and administrative wage and benefit costs, lower locomotive and freight car lease expenses, joint facility, and personal injury costs partially offset these increases.   2018 operating expenses operating expenses increased $436 million in 2017 compared to 2016 driven by higher fuel prices, inflation, $86 million of expenses related to the third quarter workforce reduction plan, depreciation, contract services, and volume-related costs.  partially offsetting these increases was a $212 million reduction to operating expense related to income tax adjustments at certain equity-method affiliates, continued productivity gains, lower locomotive and freight car lease expense, and lower environmental, personal injury, and joint facility costs.
compensation and benefits - compensation and benefits include wages, payroll taxes, health and welfare costs, pension costs, other postretirement benefits, and incentive costs. in 2018, expenses increased 2% compared to 2017, due to volume-related costs, excess network costs, higher training expenses for trainmen, and wage inflation.  lower management and administrative wage and benefit costs partially offset these increases.
in 2017, expenses increased 3% compared to 2016, driven by general wage and benefit inflation, $86 million of expenses associated with the workforce reduction plan, volume-related costs, and higher training expenses for trainmen, which were partially offset by resource productivity gains.
fuel - fuel includes locomotive fuel and gasoline for highway and non-highway vehicles and heavy equipment. locomotive diesel fuel prices, which averaged $2.29 per gallon (including taxes and transportation costs) in 2018, compared to $1.81 per gallon in 2017, increased expenses $507 million. in addition, gross-ton miles and the fuel consumption rate (c-rate) both increased 3% in 2018, also driving higher fuel expense compared to 2017. the c-rate is computed as gallons of fuel consumed divided by gross ton-miles in thousands.
purchased services and materials - expense for purchased services and materials includes the costs of services purchased from outside contractors and other service providers (including equipment maintenance and contract expenses incurred by our subsidiaries for external transportation services); materials used to maintain the railroad's lines, structures, and equipment; costs of operating facilities jointly used by uprr and other railroads; transportation and lodging for train crew employees; trucking and contracting costs for
intermodal containers; leased automobile maintenance expenses; and tools and supplies. purchased services and materials increased 3% in 2018 compared to 2017 primarily due to volume-related costs, inflationary cost pressures on transportation-related contract services incurred at our subsidiaries that broker intermodal and transload services, and higher locomotive repair costs due to the larger active fleet in service.  lower joint facility expenses partially offset these increases.
purchased services and materials increased 5% in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily due to volume-related costs (including higher subsidiary contract services) and hurricane harvey-related contract service costs, which were partially offset by lower joint facility expenses.
depreciation - the majority of depreciation relates to road property, including rail, ties, ballast, and other track material.  a higher depreciable asset base increased depreciation expense in 2018 compared to 2017.
a higher depreciable asset base increased depreciation expense in 2017 compared to 2016. this increase was partially offset by our recent depreciation studies that resulted in lower depreciation rates for some asset classes.
equipment and other rents - equipment and other rents expense primarily includes rental expense that the railroad pays for freight cars owned by other railroads or private companies; freight car, intermodal, and locomotive leases; and office and other rent expenses. equity income from certain equity method investments is also included.  equipment and other rents expense increased $184 million compared to 2017 largely driven by a $212 million reduction to 2017 rent expense related to income tax adjustments at certain equity-method affiliates as a result of the lower federal tax rate implemented january 1, 2018. increased car rent expense due to volume growth and slower network velocity also contributed to the increase.  lower locomotive and freight car lease expenses in 2018 partially offset these increases.
equipment and other rents expense decreased $249 million compared to 2016.  $212 million of the reduction was due to income tax adjustments at certain equity-method affiliates. lower locomotive and freight car lease expense also contributed to the year-over-year decrease.  conversely, increased car rent expense due to volume growth in certain markets partially offset these decreases.
other - other expenses include state and local taxes, freight, equipment and property damage, utilities, insurance, personal injury, environmental, employee travel, telephone and cellular, computer software, bad debt, and other general expenses.  other expenses increased 8% in 2018 compared to 2017 as a result of higher state and local taxes and environmental expenses related to our operating properties.  lower personal injury expense, an insurance reimbursement for lost revenue and expenses incurred during hurricane harvey in 2017, and reduced costs for destroyed equipment owned by third parties and lower freight damage expense partially offset these increases.
other expenses decreased 5% in 2017 compared to 2016 as a result of lower environmental and personal injury expenses, and higher bad debt expense in 2016 resulting from a customer bankruptcy.  conversely, increased costs associated with destroyed equipment owned by third parties, and higher property and damaged freight costs partially offset these decreases.
non-operating items
% change        % change millions                               2018         2017           2016     2018 v 2017     2017 v 2016
income tax benefit/(expense)        (1,775)        3,080        (2,533)       u               f other income - other income decreased in 2018 compared to 2017 largely as a result of a $65 million gain on a litigation settlement for back rent and a $57 million real estate gain, both recognized in the third quarter of 2017.  in addition, an $85 million expense associated with early-extinguishment of outstanding debentures and mortgage bonds recognized in the first quarter of 2018 also contributed to the decrease.  higher interest income earned in 2018 partially offset these decreases.
other income increased in 2017 compared to 2016 primarily as a result of a $65 million gain on a litigation settlement for back rent and a $57 million real estate sale gain, both recognized in the third quarter of 2017.  rental income also increased in 2017 compared to 2016.
interest expense - interest expense increased in 2018 compared to 2017 due to an increased weighted-average debt level of $20.1 billion in 2018 from $15.9 billion in 2017, partially offset by the impact of a lower effective interest rate of 4.4% in 2018 compared to 4.6 % in 2017.
interest expense increased in 2017 compared to 2016 due to an increased weighted-average debt level of $15.9 billion in 2017 from $15.0 billion in 2016, partially offset by the impact of a lower effective interest rate of 4.6% in 2017 compared to 4.7% in 2016.
income taxes - income tax expense was $1.8 billion in 2018 compared to a benefit of $3.1 billion in 2017.  the tax cuts and jobs act was enacted on december 22, 2017 and reduced the federal income tax rate from 35% to 21% effective january 1, 2018.  consequently, we remeasured our deferred tax assets and liabilities, resulting in a $5.9 billion non-cash reduction in our income tax expense in 2017.
our effective tax rate for 2018 was 22.9% compared to (40.4)% in 2017.  the 2018 effective tax rate declined due to decreases in the corporate state income tax rates in iowa and missouri.  the 2017 rate was substantially reduced by the impact of the tax act, which resulted in a $5.9 billion non-cash reduction in our 2017 tax expense.
other operating/performance and financial statistics we report a number of key performance measures weekly to the aar.  we provide this data on our website at www.up.com/investor/aar-stb_reports/index.htm.
operating/performance statistics railroad performance measures are included in the table below:
% change        % change
operating ratio                             62.7     61.8     63.7     0.9   pts     (1.9)   pts employees (average)                       41,967   41,992   42,919       -   %         (2)   %
average train speed - average train speed is calculated by dividing train miles by hours operated on our main lines between terminals.  average train speed, as reported to the aar, declined 4% in 2018 compared to 2017 largely driven by network congestion on key routes and terminals combined with high freight car inventory levels during the first half of the year, somewhat offset by implementation of the first phase of our unified plan 2020 in late third quarter 2018.  continued implementation and testing of ptc across a larger portion of our network also negatively impacted overall average train speed throughout the year.
average train speed declined 5% in 2017 compared to 2016 as disruptions across our network, including the impact of hurricane harvey, negatively impacted network fluidity.  continued implementation and testing of positive train control across a growing number of routes in our network combined with operational challenges also negatively impacted overall average train speed.
average terminal dwell time - average terminal dwell time is the average time that a rail car spends at our terminals. lower average terminal dwell time improves asset utilization and service. average terminal dwell time decreased 2% in 2018 compared to 2017 driven by an 18% improvement in the fourth quarter compared to the same period in 2017.  implementation of the first phase of our unified plan 2020 in late-third quarter 2018 drove the improvement, more than offsetting the impact of network congestion and high inventory levels experienced in the first half of the year.
average terminal dwell time increased 8% in 2017 compared to 2016 resulting from network disruptions and operational challenges which negatively impacted network fluidity.
gross and revenue ton-miles - gross ton-miles are calculated by multiplying the weight of loaded and empty freight cars by the number of miles hauled. revenue ton-miles are calculated by multiplying the weight of freight by the number of tariff miles.  gross ton-miles and revenue ton-miles increased 3% and
2%, respectively in 2018 compared to 2017, resulting from a 4% increase in carloads. changes in commodity mix drove the variances in year-over-year increases between gross ton-miles, revenue ton-miles, and carloads.
gross ton-miles and revenue ton-miles increased 5% and 6%, respectively in 2017 compared to 2016, resulting from a 2% increase in carloads. changes in commodity mix drove the variances in year-over-year increases between gross ton-miles, revenue ton-miles, and carloads.
operating ratio - operating ratio is our operating expenses reflected as a percentage of operating revenue.  our operating ratio increased 0.9 points to 62.7% in 2018 compared to 2017.  income tax adjustments recognized in 2017 at our equity-method affiliates resulted in one point of the increase.  core pricing gains and volume growth, mostly offset by excess network costs, higher fuel prices, and inflation, drove 0.1 point of operating ratio improvement.
our operating ratio improved 1.9 points to 61.8% in 2017 compared to 2016.  income tax adjustments recognized in 2017 at our equity-method affiliates drove one point of the improvement.  core pricing gains, volume growth, and productivity savings more than offset higher inflation, higher fuel prices, and other expenses to drive 0.9 points of operating ratio improvement.
employees - employee levels were flat in 2018 compared to 2017 as a smaller capital workforce and fewer management and administrative personnel offset the impact of 4% volume growth, which contributed to an increase in te&y employees.
employee levels decreased 2% in 2017 compared to 2016, driven by productivity gains, a smaller capital workforce, and fewer management and administrative personnel, which more than offset the impact of 2% volume growth.
return on invested capital as adjusted (roic)
interest on average present value of operating leases             82            105            121
net operating profit after taxes as adjusted (a)              $6,700        $11,227         $4,746
average present value of operating leases                      2,206          2,288          2,581
average invested capital as adjusted (b)                     $44,514        $40,658        $37,502
return on invested capital as adjusted (a/b)                   15.1%          27.6%          12.7%
roic is considered a non-gaap financial measure by sec regulation g and item 10 of sec regulation s-k, and may not be defined and calculated by other companies in the same manner. we believe this measure is important to management and investors in evaluating the efficiency and effectiveness of our long-term capital investments.  in addition, we currently use roic as a performance criteria in determining certain elements of equity compensation for our executives. roic should be considered in addition to, rather than as a substitute for, other information provided in accordance with gaap. the most comparable gaap measure is return on average common shareholders' equity. the tables above provide reconciliations from return on average common shareholders' equity to roic.  at december 31, 2018, in transition to the adoption of the new lease accounting standard on january 1, 2019, the incremental borrowing rate on operating leases was 3.7%.  at december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016, operating
leases were discounted using our effective interest rate on debt of 4.6% and 4.7%, respectively.  our 2018 roic of 15.1% decreased compared to 2017, largely as a result of the income tax benefit recognized in 2017 related to the $5.9 billion reduction in our deferred tax liability (see note 8 of the consolidated financial statements for additional information).
net return on invested capital as adjusted (net roic)
return on invested capital as adjusted            15.1%         27.6%        12.7%
factors affecting comparability:
adjustments for tax cuts and jobs act [a]           n/a        (13.9)          n/a net return on invested capital as adjusted        15.1%         13.7%        12.7%
[a]   adjustments remove the impact of $5.9 billion and $139 million from both 12/31/17 net income and 12/31/17 shareholders' equity.
net roic is considered a non-gaap financial measure by sec regulation g and item 10 of sec regulation s-k, and may not be defined and calculated by other companies in the same manner. we believe this measure is important to management and investors in evaluating the efficiency and effectiveness of our long-term capital investments. we use net roic to demonstrate year over year comparability for significant items. net roic should be considered in addition to, rather than as a substitute for, other information provided in accordance with gaap. the most comparable gaap measure is return on average common shareholders' equity.
income tax expense/(benefit)                           1,775          (3,080)          2,533
interest on present value of operating leases             84               98            114
net present value of operating leases                  2,271            2,140          2,435
unfunded pension and opeb, net of taxes of $135, $238, and $261                     456              396            436
adjusted debt to adjusted ebitda (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and interest on present value of operating leases) is considered a non-gaap financial measure by sec regulation g and item 10 of sec regulation s-k and may not be defined and calculated by other companies in the same manner. we believe this measure is important to management and investors in evaluating the company's ability to sustain given debt levels (including leases) with the cash generated from operations. in addition, a comparable measure is used by rating agencies when reviewing the company's credit rating. adjusted debt to adjusted ebitda should be considered in addition to, rather than as a substitute for, net income. the table above provides reconciliations from net income to adjusted debt to adjusted ebitda. at december 31, 2018, in transition to the adoption of the new lease accounting standard on january 1, 2019, the incremental borrowing rate on operating leases was 3.7%.  at december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016, operating leases were discounted using our effective interest rate on debt of 4.6% and 4.7%, respectively.
liquidity and capital resources at december 31, 2018, we had a working capital deficit. at december 31, 2017, we had a working capital surplus. the deficit at 2018 year-end was primarily due to an increase in upcoming debt maturities. as past years indicate, it is not unusual for us to have a working capital deficit; however, we believe it is not an indication of a lack of liquidity.  we also maintain adequate resources, including our credit facility, and when necessary, access to capital markets to meet any foreseeable cash requirements.
as of december 31, 2018, our principal sources of liquidity included cash, cash equivalents, our receivables securitization facility, and our revolving credit facility, as well as the availability of commercial paper and other sources of financing through the capital markets. we had $2.0 billion of committed credit available under our credit facility, with no borrowings outstanding as of december 31, 2018. we did not draw on our current facility or previous facility at any time during 2018. the value of the outstanding undivided interest held by investors under the $650 million capacity receivables securitization facility was $400 million as of december 31, 2018. our access to this receivables securitization facility may be reduced or restricted if our bond ratings fall to certain levels below investment grade. if our bond rating were to deteriorate, it could have an adverse impact on our liquidity. access to commercial paper as well as other capital market financings is dependent on market conditions. deterioration of our operating results or financial condition due to internal or external factors could negatively impact our ability to access capital markets as a source of liquidity. access to liquidity through the capital markets is also dependent on our financial stability. we expect that we will continue to have access to liquidity through any or all of the following sources or activities: (i) increasing the size or utilization of our receivables securitization, (ii) issuing commercial paper, (iii) entering into bank loans, outside of our revolving credit facility, or (iv) issuing bonds or other debt securities to public or private investors based on our assessment of the current condition of the credit markets. the company's $2.0 billion revolving credit facility is intended to support the issuance of commercial paper by upc and also serves as an additional source of liquidity to fund short term needs. the company currently does not intend to make any borrowings under this facility.
cash provided by operating activities                             $8,686          $7,230          $7,525
net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash             $53            $(2)          $(114)
operating activities cash provided by operating activities increased in 2018 compared to 2017 due primarily to lower federal income tax payments.
cash provided by operating activities decreased in 2017 compared to 2016 due to the timing of tax payments in 2016 related to bonus depreciation on capital spending.  the decrease was mostly offset by higher income in 2017 compared to 2016.
investing activities higher capital investments increased cash used in investing activities in 2018 compared to 2017.
lower capital investments and short-term investment purchases decreased cash used in investing activities in 2017 compared to 2016.
the following tables detail cash capital investments and track statistics for the years ended december 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016:
line expansion and other capacity projects           286           124           153
total capacity and commercial facilities             520           313           305
positive train control                               158           336           371
total cash capital investments                    $3,437        $3,238        $3,505
[b]   locomotives and freight cars include early lease buyouts of $290 million in 2018, $173 million in 2017, and $90 million in 2016.
track miles of rail replaced                    700           731           791
track miles of rail capacity expansion           39            11            52
miles of track surfaced                       9,466        11,071        11,764
capital plan - in 2019, we expect our capital plan to be approximately $3.2 billion, which may be revised if business conditions or the regulatory environment affect our ability to generate sufficient returns on these investments. while asset replacements will fluctuate as part of our renewal strategy, we expect to use 75% to 80% of our capital investments to renew and improve existing capital assets. we will continue to balance investment in our network infrastructure and terminal capacity as appropriate, including new capacity investments designed to support future business growth and operational efficiency. significant investments will be made for locomotive modernization and freight cars.
we expect to fund our 2019 cash capital plan by using some or all of the following: cash generated from operations, proceeds from the sale or lease of various operating and non-operating properties, proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt, and cash on hand. our annual capital plan is a critical component of our long-term strategic plan. we expect our plan will enhance the long-term value of the company for our shareholders by providing sufficient resources to (i) replace and improve our existing track infrastructure to provide safe and fluid operations, (ii) increase network efficiency by adding or improving facilities and track, and (iii) make investments that meet customer demand and take advantage of opportunities for long-term growth.
financing activities cash used in financing activities increased in 2018 compared to 2017. increases of $4,212 million in share repurchase programs, $317 million in dividends paid and $896 million in debt repaid more than offset increases of $4,157 million in debt issued and $194 million in net issuances of commercial paper.
cash used in financing activities decreased in 2017 compared to 2016. an increase of $908 million in common shares purchased and an increase of $103 million in dividends paid was more than offset by an increase of $752 million in debt issued, a decrease of $173 million in debt repaid, and a decrease of $191 million in debt exchange costs.
see note 15 of the consolidated financial statements for a description of all our outstanding financing arrangements and significant new borrowings.
share repurchase programs effective january 1, 2017, our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to 120 million shares of our common stock by december 31, 2020, replacing our previous repurchase program. as of december 31, 2018, we repurchased a total of $31.4 billion of our common stock since the commencement of our repurchase programs in 2007. the table below represents shares repurchased in 2018 under this repurchase program.
number of shares purchased                    average price paid
remaining number of shares that may be repurchased under current authority                   26,428,119
[a]   includes initial delivery of 19,870,292 shares repurchased under accelerated share repurchase programs.
[b]   includes 4,457,356 shares received upon settlement of accelerated share repurchase programs.
management's assessments of market conditions and other pertinent facts guide the timing and volume of all repurchases. we expect to fund any share repurchases under this program through cash generated from operations, the sale or lease of various operating and non-operating properties, debt issuances, and cash on hand. open market repurchases are recorded in treasury stock at cost, which includes any applicable commissions and fees.
from january 1, 2019, through february 7, 2019, we repurchased 3.4 million shares at an aggregate cost of approximately $521 million.
on february 7, 2019, the board of directors approved a new share repurchase authorization, enabling the company to buy up to 150 million of its common shares by march 31, 2022. the new authorization is effective april 1, 2019, and replaces the current authorization, which will now expire on march 31, 2019.
accelerated share repurchase programs - on june 14, 2018, the company established accelerated share repurchase programs (asrs) with two financial institutions to repurchase shares of our common stock. under these asrs, we paid a pre-specified amount of $3.6 billion and received an initial delivery of 19,870,292 shares on june 15, 2018. upon settlement of the asrs, we received 4,457,356 additional shares in the fourth quarter of 2018. the final number of shares repurchased under the asrs was based on the volume weighted average stock price of the company's common stock during the asr term, less a negotiated discount.
asrs are accounted for as equity transactions, and at the time of receipt, shares are included in treasury stock at fair market value as of the corresponding initiation or settlement date. the company reflects shares received as a repurchase of common stock in the weighted average common shares outstanding calculation for basic and diluted earnings per share.
contractual obligations and commercial commitments as described in the notes to the consolidated financial statements and as referenced in the tables below, we have contractual obligations and commercial commitments that may affect our financial condition. based on our assessment of the underlying provisions and circumstances of our contractual obligations and commercial commitments, including material sources of off-balance sheet and structured finance arrangements, other than the risks that we and other similarly situated companies face with respect to the condition of the capital markets (as described in item 1a of part ii of this report),  there is no known trend, demand, commitment, event, or uncertainty that is reasonably likely to occur that would have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. in addition, our commercial obligations, financings, and commitments are customary transactions that are similar to those of other comparable corporations, particularly within the transportation industry.
the following tables identify material obligations and commitments as of december 31, 2018:
operating leases [b]                          2,646           419         378         303         272         234         1,040        -
capital lease obligations [c]                   898           148         155         159         142          94           200        -
other post retirement benefits [e]              477            50          49          49          48          48           233        -
[a]   excludes capital lease obligations of $754 million, as well as unamortized discount and deferred issuance costs of $(817) million. includes an interest component of $15,799 million.
[c]   represents total obligations, including interest component of $144 million.
[d]   purchase obligations include locomotive maintenance contracts; purchase commitments for fuel purchases, locomotives, ties, ballast, and rail; and agreements to purchase other goods and services. for amounts where we cannot reasonably estimate the year of settlement, they are reflected in the other column.
[e]   includes estimated other post retirement, medical, and life insurance payments, payments made under the unfunded pension plan for the next ten years.
[f]   future cash flows for income tax contingencies reflect the recorded liabilities and assets for unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties, as of december 31, 2018. for amounts where the year of settlement is uncertain, they are reflected in the other column.
amount of commitment expiration per period other commercial commitments                                                                                              after millions                                        total        2019        2020        2021        2022        2023   2023
standby letters of credit [d]                      18          16           2           -           -           -         -
[a]   none of the credit facility was used as of december 31, 2018.
[b]   $400 million of the receivables securitization facility was utilized as of december 31, 2018, which is accounted for as debt. the full program matures in july 2019.
[d]   none of the letters of credit were drawn upon as of december 31, 2018.
off-balance sheet arrangements guarantees - at december 31, 2018, and 2017, we were contingently liable for $22 million and $33 million in guarantees. the fair value of these obligations as of both december 31, 2018, and 2017, was $0. we entered into these contingent guarantees in the normal course of business, and they include guaranteed obligations related to our affiliated operations. the final guarantee expires in 2022. we are not aware of any existing event of default that would require us to satisfy these guarantees. we do not expect that these guarantees will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity.     other matters labor agreements - approximately 85% of our full-time employees are represented by 14 major rail unions. pursuant to the railway labor act (rla), our collective bargaining agreements are subject to modification every five years. the most recent round of negotiations started on january 1, 2015, and throughout 2017 and 2018, we concluded new agreements with all 14 major rail unions. existing agreements remain in effect until new agreements are ratified or until the rla procedures are exhausted.  the rla procedures include mediation, potential arbitration, cooling-off periods, and the possibility of presidential emergency boards and congressional intervention. the next round of negotiations begins with the service of rla section 6 notices on or about november 1, 2019 related to years 2019-2023. contract
negotiations historically continue for an extended period of time, and work stoppages during negotiations are rare.
inflation - long periods of inflation significantly increase asset replacement costs for capital-intensive companies. as a result, assuming that we replace all operating assets at current price levels, depreciation charges (on an inflation-adjusted basis) would be substantially greater than historically reported amounts.
sensitivity analyses - the sensitivity analyses that follow illustrate the economic effect that hypothetical changes in interest rates could have on our results of operations and financial condition. these hypothetical changes do not consider other factors that could impact actual results.
at december 31, 2018, we had variable-rate debt representing approximately 3.8% of our total debt. if variable interest rates average one percentage point higher in 2019 than our december 31, 2018 variable rate, which was approximately 3.3%, our interest expense would increase by approximately $8.5 million. this amount was determined by considering the impact of the hypothetical interest rate on the balances of our variable-rate debt at december 31, 2018.
market risk for fixed-rate debt is estimated as the potential increase in fair value resulting from a hypothetical one percentage point decrease in interest rates as of december 31, 2018, and amounts to an increase of approximately $2.4 billion to the fair value of our debt at december 31, 2018. we estimated the fair values of our fixed-rate debt by considering the impact of the hypothetical interest rates on quoted market prices and current borrowing rates.
accounting pronouncements - see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.
asserted and unasserted claims - various claims and lawsuits are pending against us and certain of our subsidiaries. we cannot fully determine the effect of all asserted and unasserted claims on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. to the extent possible, we have recorded a liability where asserted and unasserted claims are considered probable and where such claims can be reasonably estimated. we do not expect that any known lawsuits, claims, environmental costs, commitments, contingent liabilities, or guarantees will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity after taking into account liabilities and insurance recoveries previously recorded for these matters.
gain contingency - uprr filed multiple claims with the irs for refunds of railroad retirement taxes (railroad retirement taxes) paid on (i) certain stock awards to its employees and (ii) certain bonus payments it made to labor agreement employees during the years 1991 - 2017. in 2016, the u.s. district court for the district of nebraska (the district court) denied uprr recovery of these railroad retirement taxes. uprr appealed this denial to the u.s. court of appeals for the 8th circuit (8th circuit) and the 8th circuit ruled in favor of uprr and remanded the case to the district court. the irs appealed the 8th circuit ruling to the u.s. supreme court. in june 2018, a similar case for another railroad was decided by the u.s. supreme court against the irs and in favor of that railroad (wisconsin central ltd., et. al. v. u.s.). as a result, the u.s. supreme court denied the irs request to appeal the 8th circuit ruling. on november 28, 2018 the district court issued an order granting summary judgment to uprr pursuant to the mandate of the 8th circuit. uprr, the department of justice (doj), and the irs have since agreed upon the tax refund amounts owed uprr and its employees. uprr's employer refund of $78 million will be recognized as a reduction of compensation and benefit expenses and approximately $30 million of interest will be recognized in other income. uprr expects to receive the refunds in 2019, but the refunds may be received in multiple portions at different times. uprr is in the process of seeking consent from approximately 75,000 current and former employees to obtain their employee share of the refunds.  uprr anticipates having this consent process completed in the first half of 2019, but further actions by the irs and railroad retirement board may delay completion until later in 2019.
these refund claims are considered gain contingencies and no refund amounts have been recorded in the consolidated financial statements as of december 31, 2018. the claims will be recorded when a final judgment from the district court has been issued and all irs requirements for uprr's refunds have been fulfilled.
indemnities - our maximum potential exposure under indemnification arrangements, including certain tax indemnifications, can range from a specified dollar amount to an unlimited amount, depending on the nature of the transactions and the agreements. due to uncertainty as to whether claims will be made or how they will be resolved, we cannot reasonably determine the probability of an adverse claim or reasonably estimate
any adverse liability or the total maximum exposure under these indemnification arrangements. we do not have any reason to believe that we will be required to make any material payments under these indemnity provisions.
climate change - although climate change could have an adverse impact on our operations and financial performance in the future (see risk factors under item 1a of this report), we are currently unable to predict the manner or severity of such impact. however, we continue to take steps and explore opportunities to reduce the impact of our operations on the environment, including investments in new technologies, using training programs to reduce fuel consumption, and changing our operations to increase fuel efficiency.
critical accounting policies our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with gaap. the preparation of these financial statements requires estimation and judgment that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets, and liabilities. we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. the following critical accounting policies are a subset of our significant accounting policies described in note 2 to the financial statements and supplementary data, item 8. these critical accounting policies affect significant areas of our financial statements and involve judgment and estimates. if these estimates differ significantly from actual results, the impact on our consolidated financial statements may be material.
personal injury - the cost of personal injuries to employees and others related to our activities is charged to expense based on estimates of the ultimate cost and number of incidents each year. we use an actuarial analysis to measure the expense and liability, including unasserted claims. the federal employers' liability act (fela) governs compensation for work-related accidents. under fela, damages are assessed based on a finding of fault through litigation or out-of-court settlements. we offer a comprehensive variety of services and rehabilitation programs for employees who are injured at work.
our personal injury liability is not discounted to present value due to the uncertainty surrounding the timing of future payments. approximately 94% of the recorded liability is related to asserted claims and approximately 6% is related to unasserted claims at december 31, 2018. because of the uncertainty surrounding the ultimate outcome of personal injury claims, it is reasonably possible that future costs to settle these claims may range from approximately $271 million to $297 million. we record an accrual at the low end of the range as no amount of loss within the range is more probable than any other.  estimates can vary over time due to evolving trends in litigation.
changes in estimates for prior years                  (16)         (7)        (29)
we reassess our estimated insurance recoveries annually and have recognized an asset for estimated insurance recoveries at december 31, 2018, and 2017. any changes to recorded insurance recoveries are included in the above table in the changes in estimates for prior years category.
environmental costs - we are subject to federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations. we have identified 334 sites at which we are or may be liable for remediation costs associated with alleged contamination or for violations of environmental requirements. this includes 33 sites that are the subject of actions taken by the u.s. government, 21 of which are currently on the superfund national priorities list. certain federal legislation imposes joint and several liability for the remediation of identified sites; consequently, our ultimate environmental liability may include costs relating to activities of other parties, in addition to costs relating to our own activities at each site.
when we identify an environmental issue with respect to property owned, leased, or otherwise used in our business, we perform, with assistance of our consultants, environmental assessments on the property. we expense the cost of the assessments as incurred. we accrue the cost of remediation where our obligation is probable and such costs can be reasonably estimated. our environmental liability is not discounted to present value due to the uncertainty surrounding the timing of future payments.
our environmental liability activity was as follows:
our environmental site activity was as follows:
the environmental liability includes future costs for remediation and restoration of sites, as well as ongoing monitoring costs, but excludes any anticipated recoveries from third parties. cost estimates are based on information available for each site, financial viability of other potentially responsible parties, and existing technology, laws, and regulations. the ultimate liability for remediation is difficult to determine because of the number of potentially responsible parties, site-specific cost sharing arrangements with other potentially responsible parties, the degree of contamination by various wastes, the scarcity and quality of volumetric data related to many of the sites, and the speculative nature of remediation costs. estimates of liability may vary over time due to changes in federal, state, and local laws governing environmental remediation. current obligations are not expected to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity.
property and depreciation - our railroad operations are highly capital intensive, and our large base of homogeneous, network-type assets turns over on a continuous basis.  each year we develop a capital program for the replacement of assets and for the acquisition or construction of assets that enable us to enhance our operations or provide new service offerings to customers.  assets purchased or constructed throughout the year are capitalized if they meet applicable minimum units of property criteria.  properties and equipment are carried at cost and are depreciated on a straight-line basis over their estimated service lives, which are measured in years, except for rail in high-density traffic corridors (i.e., all rail lines except for those subject to abandonment, and yard and switching tracks) for which lives are measured in millions of gross tons per mile of track.  we use the group method of depreciation in which all items with similar characteristics, use, and expected lives are grouped together in asset classes, and are depreciated using composite depreciation rates.  the group method of depreciation treats each asset class as a pool of resources, not as singular items.  we currently have more than 60 depreciable asset classes, and we may increase or decrease the number of asset classes due to changes in technology, asset strategies, or other factors.
we determine the estimated service lives of depreciable railroad property by means of depreciation studies.  we perform depreciation studies at least every three years for equipment and every six years for track assets (i.e., rail and other track material, ties, and ballast) and other road property.  our depreciation studies take into account the following factors:
·   statistical analysis of historical patterns of use and retirements of each of our asset classes;
·   evaluation of any expected changes in current operations and the outlook for continued use of the assets;
·   evaluation of technological advances and changes to maintenance practices; and
for rail in high-density traffic corridors, we measure estimated service lives in millions of gross tons per mile of track.  it has been our experience that the lives of rail in high-density traffic corridors are closely correlated to usage (i.e., the amount of weight carried over the rail).  the service lives also vary based on rail weight, rail condition (e.g., new or secondhand), and rail type (e.g., straight or curve).  our depreciation studies for rail in high-density traffic corridors consider each of these factors in determining the estimated service lives.  for rail in high-density traffic corridors, we calculate depreciation rates annually by dividing the number of gross ton-miles carried over the rail (i.e., the weight of loaded and empty freight cars, locomotives and maintenance of way equipment transported over the rail) by the estimated service lives of the rail measured in millions of gross tons per mile.  rail in high-density traffic corridors accounts for approximately 70 percent of the historical cost of rail and other track material.  based on the number of gross ton-miles carried over our rail in high density traffic corridors during 2018, the estimated service lives of the majority of this rail ranged from approximately 19 years to approximately 41 years.  for all other depreciable assets, we compute depreciation based on the estimated service lives of our assets as determined from the analysis of our depreciation studies.  changes in the estimated service lives of our assets and their related depreciation rates are implemented prospectively.
estimated service lives of depreciable railroad property may vary over time due to changes in physical use, technology, asset strategies, and other factors that will have an impact on the retirement profiles of our assets.  we are not aware of any specific factors that are reasonably likely to significantly change the estimated service lives of our assets.  actual use and retirement of our assets may vary from our current estimates, which would impact the amount of depreciation expense recognized in future periods.
changes in estimated useful lives of our assets due to the results of our depreciation studies could significantly impact future periods' depreciation expense and have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.  if the estimated useful lives of all depreciable assets were increased by one year, annual depreciation expense would decrease by approximately $70 million. if the estimated useful lives of all depreciable assets were decreased by one year, annual depreciation expense would increase by approximately $75 million.  our 2018 depreciation studies have resulted in lower depreciation rates for some asset classes. these lower rates will partially offset the impact of a projected higher depreciable asset base, resulting in an increase in total depreciation expense by approximately 3% in 2019 versus 2018.
under group depreciation, the historical cost (net of salvage) of depreciable property that is retired or replaced in the ordinary course of business is charged to accumulated depreciation and no gain or loss is recognized.  the historical cost of certain track assets is estimated by multiplying the current replacement cost of track assets by a historical index factor derived from (i) inflation indices published by the bureau of labor statistics and (ii) the estimated useful lives of the assets as determined by our depreciation studies.  the indices were selected because they closely correlate with the major costs of the properties comprising the applicable track asset classes.  because of the number of estimates inherent in the depreciation and retirement processes and because it is impossible to precisely estimate each of these variables until a group of property is completely retired, we continually monitor the estimated service lives of our assets and the accumulated depreciation associated with each asset class to ensure our depreciation rates are appropriate.  in addition, we determine if the recorded amount of accumulated depreciation is deficient (or in excess) of the amount indicated by our depreciation studies.  any deficiency (or excess) is amortized as a component of depreciation expense over the remaining service lives of the applicable classes of assets.
for retirements of depreciable railroad properties that do not occur in the normal course of business, a gain or loss may be recognized if the retirement meets each of the following three conditions: (i) it is unusual, (ii) it is material in amount, and (iii) it varies significantly from the retirement profile identified through our depreciation studies.  during the last three fiscal years, no gains or losses were recognized due to the retirement of depreciable railroad properties. a gain or loss is recognized in other income when we sell land or dispose of assets that are not part of our railroad operations.
income taxes - we account for income taxes by recording taxes payable or refundable for the current year and deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our financial statements or tax returns. these expected future tax consequences are measured based on current tax law; the effects of future tax legislation are not anticipated.  future tax legislation, such as a change in the corporate tax rate, could have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity.  for example, a permanent 1% increase in future income tax rates would increase our deferred tax liability by approximately $450 million.  similarly, a permanent 1% decrease in future income tax rates would decrease our deferred tax liability by approximately $450 million.
when appropriate, we record a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets to reflect that these tax assets may not be realized. in determining whether a valuation allowance is appropriate, we consider whether it is more likely than not that all or some portion of our deferred tax assets will not be realized, based on management's judgments using available evidence for purposes of estimating whether future taxable income will be sufficient to realize a deferred tax asset. in 2018 and 2017, there were no valuation allowances.
we recognize tax benefits that are more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by tax authorities. the amount recognized is measured as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement. a liability for "unrecognized tax benefits" is recorded for any tax benefits claimed in our tax returns that do not meet these recognition and measurement standards.
pension and other postretirement benefits - we use an actuarial analysis to measure the liabilities and expenses associated with providing pension and medical and life insurance benefits (opeb) to eligible employees. in order to use actuarial methods to value the liabilities and expenses, we must make several assumptions. the critical assumptions used to measure pension obligations and expenses are the discount rates and expected rate of return on pension assets. for opeb, the critical assumptions are the discount rates and health care cost trend rate.
we evaluate our critical assumptions at least annually, and selected assumptions are based on the following factors:
·   we measure the service cost and interest cost components of our net periodic benefit cost by using individual spot rates matched with separate cash flows for each future year. discount rates are based on a mercer yield curve of high quality corporate bonds (rated aa by a recognized rating agency).
·   expected return on plan assets is based on our asset allocation mix and our historical return, taking into consideration current and expected market conditions.
·   health care cost trend rate is based on our historical rates of inflation and expected market conditions.
the following tables present the key assumptions used to measure net periodic pension and opeb cost/(benefit) for 2019 and the estimated impact on 2019 net periodic pension and opeb cost/(benefit) relative to a change in those assumptions:
assumptions                                         pension    opeb discount rate for benefit obligations                 4.23%   4.17%
discount rate for interest on benefit obligations     3.94%   3.84%
discount rate for service cost                        4.33%   4.32%
discount rate for interest on service cost            4.30%   4.27%
expected return on plan assets                        7.00%     n/a compensation increase                                 4.19%     n/a health care cost trend rate:
1% increase in health care cost trend rate                n/a    $3
cautionary information certain statements in this report, and statements in other reports or information filed or to be filed with the sec (as well as information included in oral statements or other written statements made or to be made by us), are, or will be, forward-looking statements as defined by the securities act of 1933 and the securities exchange act of 1934. these forward-looking statements and information include, without limitation, (a) statements in the chairman's letter preceding part i; statements regarding planned capital expenditures under the caption "2019 capital plan" in item 2 of part i; statements regarding dividends in item 5 of part ii; and statements and information set forth under the captions "2019 outlook"; "liquidity and capital resources"; and "pension and other postretirement benefits" in this item 7 of part ii, and (b) any other statements or information in this report (including information incorporated herein by reference) regarding: expectations as to financial performance, revenue growth and cost savings;  the time by which goals, targets, or objectives will be achieved;  projections, predictions, expectations, estimates, or forecasts as to our business, financial and operational results, future economic performance, and general economic conditions;  expectations as to operational or service performance or improvements;  expectations as to the effectiveness of steps taken or to be taken to improve operations and/or service, including capital expenditures for infrastructure improvements and equipment acquisitions, any strategic business acquisitions, and modifications to our transportation plans, including implementation of ptc;  expectations as to existing or proposed new products and services; expectations as to the impact of any new regulatory activities or legislation on our operations or financial results;  estimates of costs relating to environmental remediation and restoration; estimates and expectations regarding tax matters; expectations that claims, litigation, environmental costs, commitments, contingent liabilities, labor negotiations or agreements, or other matters will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity and any other similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts.  forward-looking statements may be identified by their use of forward-looking terminology, such as "believes," "expects," "may," "should," "would," "will," "intends," "plans," "estimates," "anticipates," "projects" and similar words, phrases or expressions.
forward-looking statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results, and will not necessarily be accurate indications of the times that, or by which, such performance or results will be achieved. forward-looking statements and information are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance or results to differ materially from those expressed in the statements and information.  forward-looking statements and information reflect the good faith consideration by management of currently available information, and may be based on underlying assumptions believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. however, such information and assumptions (and, therefore, such forward-looking statements and information) are or may be subject to variables or unknown or unforeseeable events or circumstances over which management has little or no influence or control.  the risk factors in item 1a of this report could affect our future results and could cause those results or other outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements or information. to the extent circumstances require or we deem it otherwise necessary, we will update or amend these risk factors in a form 10-q, form 8-k or subsequent form 10-k.  all forward-looking statements are qualified by, and should be read in conjunction with, these risk factors.
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date the statement was made. we assume no obligation to update forward-looking information to reflect actual results, changes in assumptions or changes in other factors affecting forward-looking information. if we do update one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be drawn that we will make additional updates with respect thereto or with respect to other forward-looking statements.