item 1a.   risk factors.
you should carefully review the risks described below as they identify important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements and historical trends.
food safety and food-borne illness concerns may have an adverse effect on our business.
food-borne illnesses, such as e. coli, listeria, salmonella and trichinosis, occur or may occur within our system from time to time.  in addition, food safety issues such as food tampering, contamination and adulteration occur or may occur within our system from time to time. any report or publicity linking us or one of our concepts' restaurants, including restaurants operated by us or our concepts' franchisees, or linking our competitors or the retail food industry generally, to instances of food-borne illness or food safety issues could adversely affect our concepts' brands and reputations as well as our revenues and profits, and possibly lead to product liability claims, litigation and damages.  if a customer of one of our concepts becomes ill from food borne illnesses or as a result of food safety issues, restaurants in our system may be temporarily closed, which could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.  in addition, instances or allegations of food-borne illness or food safety issues, real or perceived, involving our restaurants, restaurants of competitors, or suppliers or distributors (regardless of whether we use or have used those suppliers or distributors), or otherwise involving the types of food served at our restaurants, could result in negative publicity that could adversely affect our sales or the sales of our concepts' franchisees. the occurrence of food-borne illnesses or food safety issues could also adversely affect the price and availability of affected ingredients, which could result in disruptions in our supply chain and/or lower margins for us and our concepts' franchisees.
health concerns arising from outbreaks of viruses or other diseases may have an adverse effect on our business.
our business could be materially and adversely affected by the outbreak of a widespread health epidemic, including various strains of avian flu or swine flu, such as h1n1. the occurrence of such an outbreak of an epidemic, illness or other adverse public health developments could materially disrupt our business and operations. such events could also significantly impact our industry and cause a temporary closure of restaurants, which could severely disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our operations could be disrupted if any of our employees or employees of our business partners were suspected of having the avian flu or swine flu, or other illnesses such as hepatitis a or norovirus, since this could require us or our business partners to quarantine some or all of such employees or disinfect our restaurant facilities. outbreaks of avian flu occur from time to time around the world, and such outbreaks have resulted in confirmed human cases. it is possible that outbreaks could reach pandemic levels.  public concern over avian flu generally may cause fear about the consumption of chicken, eggs and other products derived from poultry, which could cause customers to consume less poultry and related products. because poultry is a menu offering for our concepts, this would likely result in lower revenues and profits for us and our concepts' franchisees. avian flu outbreaks could also adversely affect the price and availability of poultry, which could negatively impact profit margins and revenues for us and our concepts' franchisees.
furthermore, other viruses may be transmitted through human contact, and the risk of contracting viruses could cause employees or guests to avoid gathering in public places, which could adversely affect restaurant guest traffic or the ability to adequately staff restaurants.  we could also be adversely affected if government authorities impose mandatory closures, seek voluntary closures, impose restrictions on operations of restaurants, or restrict the import or export of products, or if suppliers issue mass recalls of products.  even if such measures are not implemented and a virus or other disease does not spread significantly, the perceived risk of infection or health risk may affect our business.
our operating results and growth strategies are closely and increasingly tied to the success of our concepts' franchisees.
a significant and growing portion of our restaurants are operated by our concepts' franchisees. at the end of 2018, over 98% of our stores are operated by franchisees. our refranchising efforts have increased our dependence on the financial success and cooperation of our concepts' franchisees. in addition, our long-term system sales growth targets depend on an acceleration of our historical net system unit growth rate. nearly all of this unit growth is expected to result from new unit openings by our concepts' franchisees. if our concepts' franchisees do not meet our expectations for new unit development, we may fall short of our system sales targets.
we have limited control over how our concepts' franchisees' businesses are run, and their inability to operate successfully could adversely affect our operating results through decreased royalty payments. if our concepts' franchisees fail to adequately capitalize their businesses or incur too much debt, if their operating expenses or commodity prices increase or if economic or sales trends deteriorate such that they are unable to operate profitably or repay existing debt, it could result in their financial distress, including insolvency or bankruptcy.  if a significant franchisee of one of our concepts becomes, or a significant number of our concepts' franchisees in the aggregate become, financially distressed, our operating results could be impacted through reduced or delayed royalty payments and reduced new unit development. in addition, we are secondarily liable on certain of our concepts' franchisees' lease agreements, including lease agreements that we have guaranteed or assigned to franchisees in connection with the refranchising of certain company-owned restaurants. our operating results could be impacted by any increased rent obligations for such leased properties to the extent our concepts' franchisees default on such lease agreements.
our success also depends on the willingness and ability of our concepts' franchisees to implement major initiatives such as restaurant remodels or equipment or technology upgrades, which may require financial investment. our concepts may be unable to successfully implement strategies that we believe are necessary for further growth if their franchisees do not participate, which in turn may harm the growth prospects and financial condition of the company. additionally, the failure of our concepts' franchisees to focus on the fundamentals of restaurant operations, such as quality, service and cleanliness (even if such failures do not rise to the level of breaching the related franchise documents), could have a negative impact on our business.
we may not achieve our target development goals, aggressive development could cannibalize existing sales and new restaurants may not be profitable.
our growth strategy depends on our and our concepts' franchisees' ability to increase net restaurant count in markets around the world.  the successful development of new units depends in large part on the ability of our concepts' franchisees to open new restaurants and to operate these restaurants profitably.  we cannot guarantee that we, or our concepts' franchisees, including yum china, will be able to achieve our expansion goals or that new restaurants will be operated profitably.  further, there is no assurance that any new restaurant will produce operating results similar to those of our existing restaurants.  other risks that could impact our ability to increase the number of our restaurants include prevailing economic conditions and trade or economic sanctions and our, or our concepts' franchisees', ability to obtain suitable restaurant locations, negotiate acceptable lease or purchase terms for the locations, obtain required permits and approvals in a timely manner, hire and train qualified management teams and restaurant crews, and meet construction schedules.
expansion into target markets could also be affected by our concepts' franchisees' willingness to invest capital or ability to obtain financing to construct and open new restaurants.  if it becomes more difficult or more expensive for our concepts' franchisees to obtain financing to develop new restaurants, or if the perceived return on invested capital is not sufficiently attractive, the expected growth of our system could slow and our future revenues and operating cash flows could be adversely impacted.
in addition, the development of new restaurants could impact the sales of our concepts' existing restaurants nearby.  there can be no assurance that sales cannibalization will not occur or become more significant in the future as we increase our presence in existing markets.
we may not successfully implement our transformation initiatives or fully realize the anticipated benefits from the transformation.
we are in the process of implementing our previously announced strategic transformation plans to drive global expansion of our kfc, pizza hut and taco bell brands. following our becoming 98% franchised as of the end of 2018, the remaining components of this transformation include, among other things, a plan to significantly reduce annual capital expenditures and our general and administrative costs by the end of 2019. we cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully implement our transformation initiatives. further, our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of this transformation, including the anticipated levels of cost savings and efficiency, within expected timeframes is subject to many estimates and assumptions, which are, in turn, subject to significant economic, competitive and other uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. there is no assurance that we will successfully implement, or fully realize the anticipated positive impact of, our transformation initiatives, or execute successfully on our transformation strategy, in the expected timeframes or at all. in addition, there can be no assurance that our efforts, if properly executed, will result in our desired outcome of improved financial performance.
we have significant exposure to the chinese market through our largest franchisee, yum china, which subjects us to risks that could negatively affect our business.
in connection with the spin-off of our china business in 2016, we entered into a master license agreement with yum china pursuant to which yum china is the exclusive licensee of the kfc, pizza hut and taco bell concepts and their related marks and other intellectual property rights for restaurant services in china. following the separation, yum china became, and continues to be, our largest franchisee. as a result, our overall financial results are significantly affected by yum china's results. yum china's business is exposed to risks in china, which include, among others, changes in economic conditions (including consumer spending, unemployment levels and wage and commodity inflation), consumer preferences, the regulatory environment, and tax laws and regulations including the tax treatment of the royalty paid to yum, as well as increased media scrutiny of our concepts and industry, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, increased restrictions or tariffs on imported supplies as a result of trade disputes and increased competition.  further, any significant or prolonged deterioration in u.s.-china relations could adversely affect our concepts in china if chinese consumers reduce the frequency of their visits to yum china's restaurants.  chinese law regulates yum china's business conducted within china. our royalty income from the yum china business is therefore subject to numerous uncertainties based on the policies of the chinese government, as they may change from time to time. if yum china's business is harmed or development of our concepts' restaurants is slowed in china due to any of these factors, it could negatively impact the royalty paid by yum china to us, which would negatively impact our financial results or our growth prospects.
our relationship with yum china is governed primarily by a master license agreement, which may be terminated upon the occurrence of certain events, such as the insolvency or bankruptcy of yum china. in addition, if we are unable to enforce our intellectual property or contract rights in china, if yum china is unable or unwilling to satisfy its obligations under the master license agreement, or if the master license agreement is otherwise terminated, it could result in an interruption in the operation of our brands that have been exclusively licensed to yum china for use in china. such interruption could cause a delay in, or loss of, royalty income to us, which would negatively impact our financial results.
our international operations subject us to risks that could negatively affect our business.
a significant portion of our concepts' restaurants are operated in countries and territories outside of the u.s., including in emerging markets, and we intend to continue expansion of our international operations.  as a result, our business and the businesses of our concepts' franchisees are increasingly exposed to risks inherent in international operations.  these risks, which can vary substantially by country, include political instability, corruption, anti-american sentiment and social and ethnic unrest, as well as changes in economic conditions (including consumer spending, unemployment levels and wage and commodity inflation), the regulatory environment, income and non-income based tax rates and laws, sanctions, foreign exchange control regimes including restrictions on currency conversion, consumer preferences and the laws and policies that govern foreign investment in countries where our concepts' restaurants are operated. in addition, we and our franchisees do business in jurisdictions that may be subject to trade or economic sanction regimes and such sanctions could be expanded. any failure to comply with such sanction regimes or other similar laws or regulations could result in the assessment of damages, the imposition of penalties, suspension of business licenses, or a cessation of operations at our or our franchisees' businesses, as well as damage to our and our concepts' brands' images and reputations, all of which could harm our profitability.
foreign currency risks and foreign exchange controls could adversely affect our financial results.
our results of operations and the value of our foreign assets are affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which may adversely affect reported earnings.  more specifically, an increase in the value of the u.s. dollar relative to other currencies, such as the chinese renminbi ("rmb"), australian dollar, the british pound and the euro, as well as currencies in certain other markets, such as the malaysian ringgit and russian ruble, could have an adverse effect on our reported earnings. there can be no assurance as to the future effect of any such changes on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. in addition, the governments in certain countries where we operate, including china, restrict the conversion of local currency into foreign currencies and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency out of the country. yum china's income is almost exclusively derived from the earnings of its chinese subsidiaries, with substantially all revenues of its chinese subsidiaries denominated in rmb. any significant fluctuation in the value of the rmb could materially impact the u.s. dollar value of royalty payments made to us by yum china, which could result in lower revenues. in addition, restrictions on the conversion of rmb to u.s. dollars or further restrictions on the remittance of currency out of china could result in delays in the remittance of yum china's license fee, which could impact our liquidity.
failure to protect the integrity and security of personal information of our customers and employees could result in substantial costs, expose us to litigation and damage our reputation.
we receive and maintain certain personal, financial and other information about our customers, employees and franchisees. in addition, our vendors and/or franchisees receive and maintain certain personal, financial and other information about our employees and customers. the use and handling of this information is regulated by evolving and increasingly demanding laws and regulations in various jurisdictions, as well as by certain third-party contracts. if our security and information systems are compromised as a result of data corruption or loss, cyber-attack or a network security incident or if our employees, franchisees or vendors fail to comply with these laws and regulations and this information is obtained by unauthorized persons or used inappropriately, it could result in liabilities and penalties and could damage our reputation, cause us to incur substantial costs and result in a loss of customer confidence, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. additionally, we could be subject to litigation and government enforcement actions as a result of any such failure.
further, data privacy is subject to frequently changing rules and regulations, which sometimes conflict among the various jurisdictions and countries where we, our concepts and our concepts' franchisees do business. for example, the european union adopted a new regulation that became effective in may 2018, the general data protection regulation ("gdpr"), which requires companies to meet new requirements regarding the handling of personal data. in addition, in june 2018 the state of california enacted the california consumer privacy act (the "ccpa"), which will become effective in 2020, requiring companies that process information on california residents to, among other things, make new disclosures to consumers about data collection, use and sharing practices. our failure to adhere to or successfully implement appropriate processes to adhere to the requirements of gdpr, ccpa and other evolving laws and regulations in this area could result in financial penalties, legal liability and could damage our and our concepts' brands' reputations.
unreliable or inefficient restaurant or consumer interfacing technology or the failure to successfully implement technology initiatives in the future could adversely impact operating results.
we and our concepts' franchisees' rely heavily on information technology systems in the conduct of our business, some of which are managed, hosted, provided and/or used by third parties, including, for example, point-of-sale processing in our restaurants, management of our supply chain and various other processes and procedures. these systems are subject to damage, interruption or failure due to theft, fire, power outages, telecommunications failure, computer viruses, security breaches, malicious cyber-attacks or other catastrophic events. certain technology systems may also be unreliable or inefficient, and technology vendors may limit or terminate product support and maintenance, which could impact the reliability of critical systems operations. if our or our concepts' franchisees' information technology systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to manage inventories or process transactions, which could result in lost sales, customer or employee dissatisfaction, or negative publicity that could negatively impact our reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
we and our concepts' franchisees rely on technology not only to efficiently operate our restaurants but also to drive the customer experience, sales growth and margin improvement. execution of our growth strategy will be dependent on our initiatives to implement technology solutions and gather and leverage data to enhance restaurant operations and improve the customer experience. our strategic technology initiatives may not be timely implemented or may not achieve the desired results. even if we effectively implement and manage our technology initiatives, they may not result in sales growth or margin improvement. additionally, implementing the evolving technology demands of the consumer may place a significant financial burden on us and our concepts' franchisees.
there are risks associated with our increasing dependence on digital commerce platforms to maintain and grow sales. such platforms may experience disruptions, which could harm our ability to compete and conduct our business.
customers are increasingly using e-commerce websites and apps, both domestically and internationally, like pizzahut.com, pizza hut, kfc and taco bell apps, as well as apps owned by third-party delivery aggregators such as grubhub and third-party mobile payment processors, to order and pay for our concepts' products. as a result, our concepts and our concepts' franchisees are increasingly reliant on digital ordering and payment as a sales channel. these digital ordering and payment platforms could be damaged or interrupted by power loss, technological failures, user errors, cyber-attacks, other forms of sabotage or acts of god. in particular, pizza hut relies on digital orders for a significant portion of its sales and could experience interruptions of its digital ordering platforms, which could limit or delay customers' ability to order through such platforms. any such limitation or delay would negatively impact pizza hut's sales and customer experience and perception. in addition, if pizza hut's digital ordering platforms do not meet customers' expectations in terms of security, speed, attractiveness, or ease of use, customers may be less inclined to return to such digital ordering platforms, which could negatively impact our sales, results of operations and financial condition.
yum china, our largest franchisee, utilizes third-party mobile payment apps such as alipay and wechat as a means through which to generate sales and process payments. should customers become unable to access mobile payment apps in china, or should the relationship between yum china and one or more third-party mobile payment processors become interrupted, our results of operations could be negatively impacted.
our inability or failure to recognize, respond to and effectively manage the accelerated impact of social media could adversely impact our business.
in recent years, there has been a marked increase in the use of social media platforms, including blogs, chat platforms, social media websites, and other forms of internet-based communications which allow individuals access to a broad audience of consumers and other interested persons. the rising popularity of social media and other consumer-oriented technologies has increased the speed and accessibility of information dissemination. many social media platforms immediately publish the content their subscribers and participants post, often without filters or checks on accuracy of the content posted. information posted on such platforms at any time may be adverse to our interests and/or may be inaccurate. the dissemination of information online could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and results of operations, regardless of the information's accuracy. the damage may be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction.
in addition, social media is frequently used by our concepts to communicate with their respective customers and the public in general. failure by our concepts to use social media effectively or appropriately, particularly as compared to our concepts' respective competitors, could lead to a decline in brand value, customer visits and revenue. other risks associated with the use of social media include improper disclosure of proprietary information, negative comments about our concepts' brands, exposure of personally identifiable information, fraud, hoaxes or malicious dissemination of false information. the inappropriate use of social media by our customers or employees could increase our costs, lead to litigation or result in negative publicity that could damage our reputation and adversely affect our results of operations.
shortages or interruptions in the availability and delivery of food and other supplies may increase costs or reduce revenues.
the products sold by our concepts and their franchisees are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international suppliers. we, along with our concepts' franchisees, are also dependent upon third parties to make frequent deliveries of food products and supplies that meet our specifications at competitive prices.  shortages or interruptions in the supply of food items and other supplies to our concepts' restaurants could adversely affect the availability, quality and cost of items we use and the operations of our restaurants.  in february 2018, we and our franchisees transitioned to a new distributor for the products supplied to our approximately 900 kfcs in the united kingdom and ireland. in connection with this transition, certain of the restaurants experienced supply availability issues which resulted in store closures or stores operating under a limited menu for a period of time. future, similar shortages or disruptions could be caused by inclement weather, natural disasters, inaccurate forecasting of customer demand, problems in production or distribution, restrictions on imports or exports including due to trade disputes, the inability of vendors to obtain credit, political instability in the countries in which the suppliers and distributors are located, the financial instability of suppliers and distributors, suppliers' or distributors' failure to meet our standards or requirements, product quality issues, inflation, other factors relating to the suppliers and distributors and the countries in which they are located, food safety warnings or advisories or the prospect of such pronouncements, product recalls, the cancellation of supply or distribution agreements or an inability to renew such arrangements or to find replacements on commercially reasonable terms, or other conditions beyond our control or the control of our concepts' franchisees.   the pending withdrawal of the united kingdom from the european union, particularly if such withdrawal occurs without a transition agreement in effect, may result in the reimposition of customs and border controls, which in turn may result in shortages or interruptions in supply to our concepts in the united kingdom with consequences similar to those described above. in the u.s., the company, along with representatives of the company's kfc, pizza hut and taco bell franchisee groups, are members of restaurant supply chain solutions, llc ("rscs"), which is responsible for purchasing certain restaurant products and equipment. any failure or inability of rscs to perform its purchasing obligations could result in shortages or interruptions in the availability of food and other supplies.
a shortage or interruption in the availability of certain food products or supplies could increase costs and limit the availability of products critical to restaurant operations, which in turn could lead to restaurant closures and/or a decrease in sales.  in addition, failure by a key supplier or distributor for our concepts and/or our concepts' franchisees to meet its service requirements could lead to a disruption of service or supply until a new supplier or distributor is engaged, and any disruption could have an adverse effect on our business.
labor shortages or difficulty finding qualified employees could slow our growth, harm our business and reduce our profitability.
restaurant operations are highly service-oriented and our success depends in part upon our and our concepts' franchisees' ability to attract, retain and motivate a sufficient number of qualified employees, including franchisee management, restaurant managers and other crew members. the market for qualified employees in the retail food industry is very competitive. any future inability to recruit and retain qualified individuals may delay the planned openings of new restaurants by us and our concepts' franchisees and could adversely impact operation of our concepts' existing restaurants. any such delays, material increases in employee turnover rate in franchisee management or existing restaurants or widespread employee dissatisfaction could have a material adverse effect on our and our concepts' franchisees' business and results of operations.
in addition, strikes, work slowdowns or other job actions may become more common. in the event of a strike, work slowdown or other labor unrest, the ability to adequately staff our concepts' restaurants could be impaired, which could result in reduced revenue and customer claims, and may distract our management from focusing on our business and strategic priorities.
changes in labor and other operating costs could adversely affect our results of operations.
an increase in the costs of employee wages, benefits and insurance (including workers' compensation, general liability, property and health) as well as other operating costs such as rent and energy costs could adversely affect our operating results.  such increases could result from government imposition of higher minimum wages or from general economic or competitive conditions. any increase in such operating expenses could adversely affect our and our concepts' franchisees' profit margins. in addition, competition for qualified employees could also compel us or our concepts' franchisees to pay higher wages to attract or retain key crew members, which could result in higher labor costs and decreased profitability.
a broader standard for determining joint employer status may adversely affect our business operations and increase our liabilities.
the national labor relations board (the "nlrb") in 2014 adopted a new and broader standard for determining when two or more otherwise unrelated employers may be found to be a joint employer of the same employees under the national labor relations act. if this joint employer liability standard is upheld or adopted by other government agencies and/or applied generally to franchise relationships under other laws like the u.s. fair labor standards act, it could cause us or our concepts to be liable or held responsible for unfair labor practices and other violations and could subject our concepts to other liabilities, and/or require our concepts to conduct collective bargaining negotiations, regarding employees of totally separate, independent employers, most notably our concepts' franchisees. in such event, our operating expenses may increase as a result of required modifications to our business practices, increased litigation, governmental investigations or proceedings, administrative enforcement actions, fines and civil liability.
an increase in food prices may have an adverse impact on our and our concepts' franchisees' profit margins.
our and our concepts' franchisees' businesses depend on reliable sources of large quantities of raw materials such as proteins (including poultry, pork, beef and seafood), cheese, oil, flour and vegetables (including potatoes and lettuce). raw materials purchased for use in our concepts' restaurants are subject to price volatility caused by any fluctuation in aggregate supply and demand, or other external conditions, such as weather conditions or natural events or disasters that affect expected harvests of such raw materials, or taxes and tariffs including as a result of trade disputes. as a result, the historical prices of raw materials used in the operation of our concepts' restaurants have fluctuated. we cannot assure you that we or our concepts' franchisees will continue to be able to purchase raw materials at reasonable prices, or that the cost of raw materials will remain stable in the future. in addition, a significant increase in gasoline prices could result in the imposition of fuel surcharges by our distributors.
because we and our concepts' franchisees provide competitively priced food, we may not have the ability to pass through to our customers the full amount of any commodity price increases. if we and our concepts' franchisees are unable to manage the cost of raw materials or to increase the prices of products proportionately, our and our franchisees' profit margins may be adversely impacted.
although we monitor and regulate franchisee activities through our concepts' franchise agreements, franchisees or other third parties may refer to or make statements about our concepts' brands that do not make proper use of our trademarks or required designations, that improperly alter trademarks or branding, or that are critical of our concepts' brands or place our concepts' brands in a context that may tarnish their reputation. this may result in dilution of, or harm to, our intellectual property or the value of our concepts' brands.
franchisee noncompliance with the terms and conditions of our franchise agreements may reduce the overall goodwill of our concepts' brands, whether through the failure to meet health and safety standards, engage in quality control or maintain product consistency, or through the participation in improper or objectionable business practices. moreover, unauthorized third parties, including our concepts' current and former franchisees, may use our intellectual property to trade on the goodwill of our concepts' brands, resulting in consumer confusion or brand dilution. any reduction of our concepts' brands' goodwill, consumer confusion, or brand dilution is likely to impact sales, and could materially and adversely impact our business and results of operations.
our success depends substantially on our corporate reputation and on the value and perception of our brands.
our success depends in large part upon our ability and our concepts' franchisees' ability to maintain and enhance the value of our brands and our customers' loyalty to our brands.  brand value is based in part on consumer perceptions on a variety of subjective qualities. business incidents, whether isolated or recurring, and whether originating from us, franchisees, competitors, governments, suppliers or distributors, can significantly reduce brand value and consumer trust, particularly if the incidents receive considerable publicity or result in litigation.  for example, our concepts' brands could be damaged by claims or perceptions about the quality or safety of our products or the quality or reputation of our suppliers, distributors or franchisees, regardless of whether such claims or perceptions are true. similarly, entities in our supply chain may engage in conduct, including alleged human rights abuses or environmental wrongdoing, and any such conduct could damage our or our concepts' brands' reputations. any such incidents (even if resulting from actions of a competitor or franchisee) could cause a decline directly or indirectly in consumer confidence in, or the perception of, our concepts' brands and/or our products and reduce consumer demand for our products, which would likely result in lower revenues and profits. additionally, our corporate reputation could suffer from a real or perceived failure of corporate governance or misconduct by a company officer, or an employee or representative of us or a franchisee.
we could be party to litigation that could adversely affect us by increasing our expenses, diverting management attention or subjecting us to significant monetary damages and other remedies.
we are regularly involved in legal proceedings, which include consumer, employment, real estate related, tort, intellectual property, breach of contract, securities, derivative and other litigation. see the discussion of legal proceedings in note 19 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this form 10-k. plaintiffs in these types of lawsuits often seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts, and the magnitude of the potential loss relating to such lawsuits may not be accurately estimated.  regardless of whether any such claims have merit, or whether we are ultimately held liable or settle, such litigation may be expensive to defend and may divert resources and management attention away from our operations and negatively impact reported earnings.  with respect to insured claims, a judgment for monetary damages in excess of any insurance coverage could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.  any adverse publicity resulting from these allegations may also adversely affect our concepts' reputations, which in turn could adversely affect our results of operations.
in addition, the restaurant industry around the world has been subject to claims that relate to the nutritional content of food products, as well as claims that the menus and practices of restaurant chains have led to customer health issues, including weight gain and other adverse effects. these concerns could lead to an increase in the regulation of the content or marketing of our products. we may also be subject to such claims in the future and, even if we are not, publicity about these matters (particularly directed at the quick service and fast-casual segments of the retail food industry) may harm our concepts' reputations and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
changes in, or noncompliance with, governmental regulations may adversely affect our business operations, growth prospects or financial condition.
our concepts and their franchisees are subject to numerous laws and regulations around the world. these laws change regularly and are increasingly complex. for example, we are subject to:
•   the americans with disabilities act in the u.s. and similar state laws that give civil rights protections to individuals with disabilities in the context of employment, public accommodations and other areas.
•   the u.s. fair labor standards act, which governs matters such as minimum wages, overtime and other working conditions, as well as family leave mandates and a variety of similar state laws that govern these and other employment law matters.
•   laws and regulations in government-mandated health care benefits such as the patient protection and affordable care act in the u.s.
•   laws and regulations relating to nutritional content, nutritional labeling, product safety, product marketing and menu labeling.
•   laws and regulations relating to health, sanitation, food, workplace safety, child labor, including laws regulating the use of certain "hazardous equipment", and fire safety and prevention.
•   laws relating to information security, privacy (including the european union's gdpr), cashless payments, and consumer protection.
•   laws relating to currency conversion or exchange.
•   environmental laws and regulations.
compliance with new or existing laws and regulations could impact our or our concepts' franchisees' operations. the compliance costs associated with these laws and regulations could be substantial. any failure or alleged failure to comply with these laws or regulations could adversely affect our reputation, international expansion efforts, growth prospects and financial results or result in, among other things, litigation, revocation of required licenses, internal investigations, governmental investigations or proceedings, administrative enforcement actions, fines and civil and criminal liability. publicity relating to any such noncompliance could also harm our concepts' reputations and adversely affect our revenues.
failure to comply with anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws could adversely affect our business operations.
the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, the uk bribery act and other similar applicable laws prohibiting bribery of government officials and other corrupt practices are the subject of increasing emphasis and enforcement around the world. there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, agents or other third parties will not take actions in violation of our policies or applicable law, particularly as we expand our operations in emerging markets and elsewhere. any such violations or suspected violations could subject us to civil or criminal penalties, including substantial fines and significant investigation costs, and could also materially damage our reputation, brands, international expansion efforts and growth prospects, business and operating results. publicity relating to any noncompliance or alleged noncompliance could also harm our concepts' reputations and adversely affect our revenues and results of operations.
tax matters, including changes in tax rates or laws, disagreements with taxing authorities and imposition of new taxes could impact our results of operations and financial condition.
we are subject to income taxes as well as non-income based taxes, such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, net worth, property, withholding and franchise taxes in both the u.s. and various foreign jurisdictions. we are also subject to ongoing and/or regular reviews, examinations and audits by the u.s. internal revenue service ("irs") and other taxing authorities with respect to such income and non-income based taxes inside and outside of the u.s. our accruals for tax liabilities are based on past experience, interpretations of applicable law, and judgments about potential actions by tax authorities, but such accruals require significant judgment which may be incorrect and may result in payments greater than the amounts accrued. if the irs or another taxing authority disagrees with our tax positions, we could face additional tax liabilities, including interest and penalties.  payment of additional amounts upon final settlement or adjudication of any disputes could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial position.
in addition, we are directly and indirectly affected by new tax laws and regulation and the interpretation of tax laws and regulations worldwide. changes in laws, regulation or interpretation of existing laws and regulations in the u.s. and other jurisdictions where we are subject to taxation could increase our taxes and have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. changes in tax laws may arise as a result of guidance issued by the organisation for economic co-operation and development ("oecd"), a coalition of member nations including the united states. the oecd guidance, referred to as the base erosion and profit shifting ("beps") action plan, does not have the force of law, but certain countries may enact tax legislation, modify tax treaties, and/or increase audit scrutiny based on the beps guidance. to the extent beps principles are adopted by major jurisdictions in which we operate, it could increase our taxes and have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial position. in addition, public perception that we are not paying a sufficient amount of taxes could damage our concepts' reputations, which could harm our profitability.
the yum china spin-off and certain related transactions could result in substantial u.s. tax liability.
we received opinions of outside counsel substantially to the effect that, for u.s. federal income tax purposes, the yum china spin-off and certain related transactions qualified as generally tax-free under sections 355 and 361 of the u.s. internal revenue code. the opinions relied on various facts and assumptions, as well as certain representations as to factual matters and undertakings (including with respect to future conduct) made by yum china and us. if any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are incorrect or not satisfied, we may not be able to rely on these opinions of outside counsel. accordingly, notwithstanding receipt of the opinions of outside counsel, the conclusions reached in the tax opinions may be challenged by the irs. because the opinions are not binding on the irs or the courts, there can be no assurance that the irs or the courts will not prevail in any such challenge.
if, notwithstanding receipt of any opinion, the irs were to conclude that the yum china spin-off was taxable, in general, we would recognize taxable gain as if we had sold the yum china common stock in a taxable sale for its fair market value. in addition, each u.s. holder of our common stock who received shares of yum china common stock in connection with the spin-off transaction would generally be treated as having received a taxable distribution of property in an amount equal to the fair market value of the shares of yum china common stock received. that distribution would be taxable to each such u.s. stockholder as a dividend to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. for each such u.s. stockholder, any amount that exceeded our earnings and profits would be treated first as a non-taxable return of capital to the extent of such stockholder's tax basis in our shares of common stock with any remaining amount being taxed as a capital gain.
the yum china spin-off may be subject to china indirect transfer tax.
in february 2015, the chinese state administration of taxation ("sat") issued the bulletin on several issues of enterprise income tax on income arising from indirect transfers of property by non-resident enterprises ("bulletin 7"). pursuant to bulletin 7, an "indirect transfer" of chinese taxable assets, including equity interests in a china resident enterprise ("chinese interests"), by a non-resident enterprise, may be recharacterized and treated as a direct transfer of chinese taxable assets, if such arrangement does not have reasonable commercial purpose and the transferor has avoided payment of chinese enterprise income tax. using general anti-tax avoidance provisions, the sat may treat an indirect transfer as a direct transfer of chinese interests if the transfer has avoided chinese tax by way of an arrangement without reasonable commercial purpose. as a result, gains derived from such indirect transfer may be subject to chinese enterprise income tax, and the transferee or other person who is obligated to pay for the transfer would be obligated to withhold the applicable taxes, currently at a rate of up to 10% of the capital gain in the case of an indirect transfer of equity interests in a china resident enterprise.
we evaluated the potential applicability of bulletin 7 in connection with the separation in the form of a tax free restructuring and believe it is more likely than not that bulletin 7 does not apply. we believe that the restructuring has reasonable commercial purpose.
however, there are significant uncertainties regarding what constitutes a reasonable commercial purpose, how the safe harbor provisions for group restructurings are to be interpreted and how the chinese tax authorities will ultimately view the spin-off. as a result, our position could be challenged by the chinese tax authorities resulting in a tax at a rate of 10% assessed on the difference between the fair market value and the tax basis of yum china. as our tax basis in yum china was minimal, the amount of such a tax could be significant and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and our financial condition.
failure to protect our service marks or other intellectual property could harm our business.
we regard our yum®, kfc®, pizza hut® and taco bell® service marks, and other service marks and trademarks related to our restaurant businesses, as having significant value and being important to our marketing efforts. we rely on a combination of protections provided by contracts, copyrights, patents, trademarks, service marks and other common law rights, such as trade secret and unfair competition laws, to protect our restaurants and services from infringement. we have registered certain trademarks and service marks in the u.s. and foreign jurisdictions. however, from time to time we become aware of names and marks identical or confusingly similar to our service marks being used by other persons. although our policy is to oppose any such infringement, further or unknown unauthorized uses or other misappropriation of our trademarks or service marks could diminish the value of our brands and adversely affect our business. in addition, effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which our concepts have, or may in the future open or franchise, a restaurant. there can be no assurance that these protections will be adequate, and defending or enforcing our service marks and other intellectual property could result in the expenditure of significant resources. we may also face claims of infringement that could interfere with the use of the proprietary know-how, concepts, recipes, or trade secrets used in our business. defending against such claims may be costly, and we may be prohibited from using such proprietary information in the future or forced to pay damages, royalties, or other fees for using such proprietary information, any of which could negatively affect our business, reputation, financial condition, and results of operations.
our business may be adversely impacted by changes in consumer discretionary spending and general economic conditions.
purchases at our concepts' restaurants are discretionary for consumers and, therefore, our results of operations are susceptible to economic slowdowns and recessions. our and our franchisees' results of operations are dependent upon discretionary spending by consumers, which may be affected by general economic conditions globally or in one or more of the markets we serve.  some of the factors that impact discretionary consumer spending include unemployment rates, fluctuations in the level of disposable income, the price of gasoline, stock market performance and changes in the level of consumer confidence.  these and other macroeconomic factors could have an adverse effect on our sales, profitability or development plans, which could harm our financial condition and operating results.
the retail food industry in which we operate is highly competitive.
the retail food industry in which our concepts operate is highly competitive with respect to price and quality of food products, new product development, digital engagement, advertising levels and promotional initiatives, customer service, reputation, restaurant location, and attractiveness and maintenance of properties.  if consumer or dietary preferences change, if our marketing efforts are unsuccessful, or if our concepts' restaurants are unable to compete successfully with other retail food outlets in new and existing markets, our and our franchisees' businesses could be adversely affected.  we also face growing competition as a result of convergence in grocery, convenience, deli and restaurant services, including the offering by the grocery industry of convenient meals, including pizzas and entrees with side dishes.  competition from delivery aggregators and other food delivery services has also increased in recent years, particularly in urbanized areas, and is expected to continue to increase. increased competition could have an adverse effect on sales, profitability or development plans, which could harm our or our franchisees' financial condition and operating results.
our substantial indebtedness makes us more sensitive to adverse economic conditions, may limit our ability to plan for or respond to significant changes in our business, and requires a significant amount of cash to service our debt payment obligations that we may be unable to generate or obtain.
as of december 31, 2018, our total outstanding short-term borrowings and long-term debt was approximately $10 billion. subject to the limits contained in the agreements governing our outstanding indebtedness, we may incur additional debt from time to time, which would increase the risks related to our high level of indebtedness.
specifically, our high level of indebtedness could have important potential consequences, including, but not limited to:
•   increasing our vulnerability to, and reducing our flexibility to plan for and respond to, adverse economic and industry conditions and changes in our business and the competitive environment;
•   requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal of, and interest on, indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of such cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividends, share repurchases or other corporate purposes;
•   increasing our vulnerability to a downgrade of our credit rating, which could adversely affect our cost of funds, liquidity and access to capital markets;
•   restricting us from making strategic acquisitions or causing us to make non-strategic divestitures;
•   placing us at a disadvantage compared to other less leveraged competitors or competitors with comparable debt at more favorable interest rates;
•   increasing our exposure to the risk of increased interest rates insofar as current and future borrowings are subject to variable rates of interest;
•   increasing our exposure to the risk of discontinuance or modification of certain reference rates including libor, which are used to calculate applicable interest rates of our indebtedness and certain derivative instruments that hedge interest rate risk;
•   making it more difficult for us to repay, refinance or satisfy our obligations with respect to our debt;
•   limiting our ability to borrow additional funds in the future and increasing the cost of any such borrowing;
•   imposing restrictive covenants on our operations, which, if not complied with, could result in an event of default, which in turn, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of the applicable debt, and may result in the acceleration of any other debt to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies; and
•   increasing our exposure to risks related to fluctuations in foreign currency as we earn profits in a variety of currencies around the world and our debt is primarily denominated in u.s. dollars.
there is no assurance that we will generate cash flow from operations or that future debt or equity financings will be available to us to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund other liquidity needs. if our business does not generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the amounts projected or at all, or if future borrowings are not available to us in amounts sufficient to pay our indebtedness or to fund other liquidity needs, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. as a result, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity. there is no assurance that we will be able to refinance any of our indebtedness on favorable terms, or at all. any inability to generate sufficient cash flow or refinance our indebtedness on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
introduction and overview the following management's discussion and analysis ("md&a"), should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements ("financial statements") in item 8 and the forward-looking statements and the risk factors set forth in item 1a.  all note references herein refer to the notes to the financial statements. tabular amounts are displayed in millions of u.s. dollars except per share and unit count amounts, or as otherwise specifically identified. unless otherwise stated, financial results herein reflect continuing operations of the company. percentages may not recompute due to rounding.
yum! brands, inc. ("yum" or the "company") franchises or operates a worldwide system of over 48,000 restaurants in more than 140 countries and territories, primarily under the concepts of kfc, pizza hut and taco bell (collectively, the "concepts"). these three concepts are global leaders of the chicken, pizza and mexican-style food categories, respectively.  of the over 48,000 restaurants, 98% are operated by franchisees.
as of december 31, 2018, yum consists of three operating segments:
•   the kfc division which includes our worldwide operations of the kfc concept
•   the pizza hut division which includes our worldwide operations of the pizza hut concept
•   the taco bell division which includes our worldwide operations of the taco bell concept on october 31, 2016, (the "distribution date"), we completed the spin-off of our china business (the "separation") into an independent, publicly-traded company under the name of yum china holdings, inc. ("yum china"). on the distribution date, we distributed to each of our shareholders of record as of the close of business on october 19, 2016 (the "record date") one share of yum china common stock for each share of yum common stock ("common stock") held as of the record date. the distribution was structured to be a tax free distribution to our u.s. shareholders for federal income tax purposes in the united states. concurrent with the separation, a subsidiary of the company entered into a master license agreement with a subsidiary of yum china for the exclusive right to use and sublicense the use of intellectual property owned by yum and its affiliates for the development and operation of kfc, pizza hut and taco bell restaurants in mainland china. prior to the separation, our operations in mainland china were reported in our former china division segment results. as a result of the separation, the results of operations and cash flows of the separated business are presented as discontinued operations in our consolidated statements of income and consolidated statements of cash flows for periods prior to the separation. see additional information related to the impact of the separation in note 4.
on october 11, 2016, we announced our strategic transformation plans to drive global expansion of our kfc, pizza hut and taco bell brands ("yum's strategic transformation initiatives") following the separation. major features of the company's transformation and growth strategy involve being more focused, franchised and efficient. yum's strategic transformation initiatives below represent the continuation of yum's transformation of its operating model and capital structure.
•   more focused. four growth drivers form the basis of yum's strategic plans and repeatable business model to accelerate same-store sales growth and net-new restaurant development at kfc, pizza hut and taco bell around the world over the long term. the company is focused on becoming best-in-class in:
•   developing unmatched franchise operating capability
•   driving bold restaurant development
•   growing unrivaled culture and talent
•   more franchised. yum successfully increased franchise restaurant ownership to 98% as of december 31, 2018.
•   more efficient. the company is revamping its financial profile, improving the efficiency of its organization and cost structure globally, by:
•   reducing annual capital expenditures to approximately $100 million in 2019;
•   lowering general and administrative expenses ("g&amp;a") to 1.7% of system sales in 2019; and
•   maintaining an optimized capital structure of ~5.0x earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("ebitda") leverage.
from 2017 through 2019, we intend to return an additional $6.5 - $7.0 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and cash dividends. we intend to fund these shareholder returns through a combination of refranchising proceeds, free cash flow generation and maintenance of our five times ebitda leverage. we generated pre-tax proceeds of $2.8 billion through our refranchising initiatives to achieve targeted franchise ownership of 98%, which were completed in december 2018. refer to the liquidity and capital resources section of this md&a for additional details.
beginning in 2017, we changed our fiscal year from a year ending on the last saturday of december to a year beginning on january 1 and ending on december 31 of each year. concurrently, we removed the reporting lags from the fiscal calendars of our international subsidiaries. our md&a has been recast to reflect the change in our reporting calendar. see notes 2 and 5 for additional details related to our fiscal calendar.
we intend for this md&a to provide the reader with information that will assist in understanding our results of operations, including performance metrics that management uses to assess the company's performance. throughout this md&a, we commonly discuss the following performance metrics:
•   same-store sales growth is the estimated percentage change in sales of all restaurants that have been open and in the yum system for one year or more.
•   net new units represents new unit openings, offset by store closures.
•   company restaurant profit ("restaurant profit") is defined as company sales less expenses incurred directly by our company-owned restaurants in generating company sales. company restaurant margin as a percentage of sales is defined as restaurant profit divided by company sales. within the company sales and restaurant profit sections of this md&amp;a, store portfolio actions represent the net impact of new unit openings, acquisitions, refranchising and store closures, and other primarily represents the impact of same-store sales as well as the impact of changes in costs such as inflation/deflation.
in addition to the results provided in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states of america ("gaap"), the company provides the following non-gaap measurements.
•   system sales, system sales excluding the impacts of foreign currency translation ("fx"), and system sales excluding fx and the impact of the 53rd week in 2016. system sales include the results of all restaurants regardless of ownership, including company-owned and franchise restaurants that operate our concepts. sales of franchise restaurants typically generate ongoing franchise and license fees for the company at a rate of 3% to 6% of sales. franchise restaurant sales are not included in company sales on the consolidated statements of income; however, the franchise and license fees are included in the company's revenues. we believe system sales growth is useful to investors as a significant indicator of the overall strength of our business as it incorporates all of our revenue drivers, company and franchise same-store sales as well as net unit growth.
•   core operating profit and core operating profit excluding the impact of the 53rd week in 2016. core operating profit excludes special items and fx and we use core operating profit for the purposes of evaluating performance internally.
these non-gaap measurements are not intended to replace the presentation of our financial results in accordance with gaap. rather, the company believes that the presentation of these non-gaap measurements provide additional information to investors to facilitate the comparison of past and present operations.
special items are not included in any of our division segment results as the company does not believe they are indicative of our ongoing operations due to their size and/or nature. our chief operating decision maker does not consider the impact of special items when assessing segment performance.
certain non-gaap measurements are presented excluding the impact of fx. these amounts are derived by translating current year results at prior year average exchange rates. we believe the elimination of the fx impact provides better year-to-year comparability without the distortion of foreign currency fluctuations.
for 2016 we provided core operating profit excluding 53rd week and system sales excluding 53rd week to further enhance the comparability with the lapping of the 53rd week that was part of our fiscal calendar in 2016.
results of operations summary all comparisons within this summary are versus the same period a year ago.
2018 financial highlights:
% change system sales, ex fx      same-store sales      net new units      gaap operating profit      core operating profit kfc division         +6                       +2                    +5                 (2)                        (2)
•   during the year, we opened 1,757 net new units and added 1,282 telepizza units for 7% net new unit growth.
•   during the year, we refranchised 660 restaurants, including 364 kfc, 97 pizza hut and 199 taco bell units, for pre-tax proceeds of $825 million. we recorded net refranchising gains of $540 million in special items.
•   during the year, we repurchased 28.2 million shares totaling $2.4 billion at an average share price of $85.
2017 financial highlights:
% change system sales, ex fx      same-store sales      net new units      gaap operating profit      core operating profit kfc division         +6                       +3                    +4                 +13                        +12
results excluding 53rd week in 2016(% change)
system sales, ex fx                     core operating profit kfc division         +6                                      +14
•   during the year, we opened 1,407 net new units for 3% net new unit growth.
•   during the year, we refranchised 1,470 restaurants, including 828 kfc, 389 pizza hut and 253 taco bell units, for pre-tax proceeds of $1.8 billion. we recorded net refranchising gains of $1.1 billion in special items.
•   during the year, we repurchased 26.6 million shares totaling $1.9 billion at an average share price of $72.
franchise contributions for advertising and other services       1,206                   -                   -            n/a                        n/a total revenues                                                  $5,688              $5,878              $6,356             (3   )                     (8   )
restaurant profit                                                 $366                $618                $700            (41   )                    (12   )
franchise advertising and other services expense                 1,208                   -                   -            n/a                        n/a refranchising (gain) loss                                         (540   )          (1,083   )            (163   )        (50   )                     nm other (income) expense                                               7                  10                  18             nm                         nm operating profit                                                $2,296              $2,761              $1,682            (17   )                     64
income from discontinued operations, net of tax                    n/a                 n/a                 625             nm                         nm net income                                                      $1,542              $1,340              $1,643             15                        (18   )
(a)   see note 3 for the number of shares used in these calculations.
performance metrics
(a)   includes 1,282 telepizza units as of december 31, 2018. see description of the telepizza strategic alliance within this md&amp;a.
same-store sales growth         2         2         1
non-gaap items non-gaap items, along with the reconciliation to the most comparable gaap financial measure, are presented below.
system sales growth, reported                                                                    5                                         4                                         3
system sales growth, excluding fx                                                                5
system sales growth, excluding fx and 53rd week                                                n/a                                         5                                         4
core operating profit growth                                                                  even                                         7                                        11
core operating profit growth, excluding 53rd week                                              n/a                                         9                                         9
diluted eps from continuing operations growth, excluding special items                           7                                        20                                         7
year detail of special items                                                                                                        2018                2017                2016
yum's strategic transformation initiatives (see note 5)                                                                      (8   )             (23   )             (67   )
costs associated with pizza hut u.s. transformation agreement (see note 5)                                                   (6   )             (31   )               -
special items income - operating profit                                                                                     530               1,001                  35
tax benefit (expense) on special items(a)                                                                                   (96   )            (256   )              24
tax benefit (expense) - u.s. tax act(b)                                                                                      66                (434   )               -
special items income, net of tax                                                                                           $500                $288                 $33
reconciliation of gaap operating profit to core operating profit and core operating profit, excluding 53rd week consolidated gaap operating profit                                                                                                    $2,296              $2,761              $1,682
special items income - operating profit                                                                                     530               1,001                  35
foreign currency impact on divisional operating profit(c)                                                                     1                   -                 n/a core operating profit                                                                                                     1,765               1,760               1,647
impact of 53rd week                                                                                                         n/a                 n/a                  28
core operating profit, excluding 53rd week                                                                               $1,765              $1,760              $1,619
kfc division gaap operating profit                                                                                                      $959                $981                $871
foreign currency impact on divisional operating profit(c)                                                                     -                   4                 n/a core operating profit                                                                                                       959                 977                 871
impact of 53rd week                                                                                                         n/a                 n/a                  11
core operating profit, excluding 53rd week                                                                                 $959                $977                $860
pizza hut division gaap operating profit                                                                                                                  $348                 $341                $367
foreign currency impact on divisional operating profit(c)                                                                                 1                   (4   )             n/a core operating profit                                                                                                                   347                  345                 367
impact of 53rd week                                                                                                                     n/a                  n/a                   5
core operating profit, excluding 53rd week                                                                                             $347                 $345                $362
taco bell division gaap operating profit                                                                                                                  $633                 $619                $595
foreign currency impact on divisional operating profit(c)                                                                                 -                    -                 n/a core operating profit                                                                                                                   633                  619                 595
impact of 53rd week                                                                                                                     n/a                  n/a                  12
core operating profit, excluding 53rd week                                                                                             $633                 $619                $583
reconciliation of diluted eps from continuing operations to diluted eps from continuing operations, excluding special items diluted eps from continuing operations                                                                                                $4.69                $3.77               $2.54
reconciliation of gaap effective tax rate to effective tax rate, excluding special items gaap effective tax rate                                                                                                                16.2    %            41.1   %            24.3    %
impact on tax rate as a result of special items(a)                                                                                     (4.2   )%            22.3   %            (2.0   )%
reconciliation of gaap company sales to system sales consolidated gaap company sales(d)                                                                                                                $2,000               $3,572              $4,189
system sales                                                                                                                         49,237               46,694              44,921
foreign currency impact on system sales(e)                                                                                              186                  (90   )             n/a system sales, excluding fx                                                                                                           49,051               46,784              44,921
impact of 53rd week                                                                                                                     n/a                  n/a                 434
system sales, excluding fx and 53rd week                                                                                            $49,051              $46,784             $44,487
system sales                                                                                                                         26,239               24,515              23,242
foreign currency impact on system sales(e)                                                                                              142                  (28   )             n/a system sales, excluding fx                                                                                                           26,097               24,543              23,242
impact of 53rd week                                                                                                                     n/a                  n/a                 165
system sales, excluding fx and 53rd week                                                                                            $26,097              $24,543             $23,077
system sales                                       12,212             12,034              12,019
foreign currency impact on system sales(e)   47                          (66   )             n/a system sales, excluding fx                         12,165             12,100              12,019
impact of 53rd week                                   n/a                n/a                 113
system sales, excluding fx and 53rd week          $12,165            $12,100             $11,906
system sales                                       10,786             10,145               9,660
foreign currency impact on system sales(e)             (3   )              4                 n/a system sales, excluding fx                         10,789             10,141               9,660
impact of 53rd week                                   n/a                n/a                 156
system sales, excluding fx and 53rd week          $10,789            $10,141              $9,504
(a)   tax benefit (expense) on special items was determined based upon the impact of the nature, as well as the jurisdiction of the respective individual components within special items. in 2018, we also recorded a $19 million increase to our income tax provision for the correction of an error associated with the tax recorded on a prior year divestiture, the effects of which were previously recorded as a special item. in 2016, our tax rate on special items was favorably impacted by the recognition of capital loss carryforwards in anticipation of u.s. refranchising gains.
(b)   during the year ended december 31, 2018, we recorded a $35 million decrease related to our provisional tax expense recorded in the fourth quarter of 2017 associated with the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 ("tax act") that was reported as a special item. we also recorded a special items tax benefit of $31 million in the year ended december 31, 2018 related to current year u.s. foreign tax credits that became realizable directly as a result of the impact of deemed repatriation tax expense associated with the tax act. we recognized $434 million in our 2017 income tax provision that was reported as a special item as a result of the december 22, 2017 enactment of the tax act.
(c)   the foreign currency impact on reported operating profit is presented in relation only to the immediately preceding year presented. when determining applicable core operating profit growth percentages, the core operating profit for the current year should be compared to the prior year operating profit, prior to adjustment for the prior year fx impact.
(d)   company sales represents sales from our company-operated stores as presented on our consolidated statements of income.
(e)   the foreign currency impact on system sales is presented in relation only to the immediately preceding year presented. when determining applicable system sales growth percentages, the system sales excluding fx for the current year should be compared to the prior year system sales prior to adjustment for the prior year fx impact.
items impacting reported results and/or expected to impact future results strategic transformation initiatives impact we have refranchised a significant number of company-owned restaurants since the announcement of yum's strategic transformation initiatives in october 2016. the impact on operating profit due to refranchising includes the loss of restaurant profit, which reflects the decrease in company sales, and the increase in franchise and property revenues from restaurants that have been refranchised. we have made g&a reductions, including reductions directly attributable to refranchising, such that beginning in 2019, on an annual basis, the impact of lost operating profit from our refranchising initiatives will be largely offset by g&a reductions we have made. operating profit was negatively impacted throughout 2018 as certain g&a reductions lagged the loss of operating profit due to refranchising. the impact of refranchising, net of g&a reductions, negatively impacted core operating profit growth for 2018 by 4 percentage points.
kfc united kingdom ("uk") supply availability issues on february 14, 2018, we and our franchisees transitioned to a new distributor for the products supplied to our approximately 900 kfcs in the united kingdom and ireland (those restaurants accounted for approximately 3% of yum's global system sales in the year ended december 31, 2018).  in connection with this transition, certain of the restaurants experienced supply availability issues which resulted in store closures or stores operating under a limited menu. beginning mid-may 2018, all restaurants opened for business, offering their full menus, with advertising beginning at the end of may.  on a full-year basis, core operating profit growth was negatively impacted by approximately 2 percentage points for kfc division and approximately 1 percentage point for yum as a result of these first-half supply availability issues.  the negative impact to full-year same-store sales growth for 2018 was approximately 50 basis points for our kfc division and approximately 25 basis points for yum.
investment in grubhub for the year ended december 31, 2018 we recognized pre-tax income of $14 million related to our investment in grubhub. see note 5 for further discussion of our investment in grubhub.
telepizza strategic alliance on december 30, 2018, the company consummated a strategic alliance with telepizza group s.a. ("telepizza"), the largest non u.s.-based pizza delivery company in the world, to be the master franchisee of pizza hut in latin america and portions of europe. the key terms of the alliance are set forth below:
•   in spain and portugal telepizza will continue operating the telepizza brand and will oversee franchisees operating pizza hut branded restaurants
•   in latin america (excluding brazil), the caribbean and switzerland, telepizza will progressively convert its existing restaurants to the pizza hut brand and oversee franchisees operating pizza hut branded restaurants
•   telepizza will manage supply chain logistics for the entire master franchise territory and will become an authorized supplier of pizza hut branded restaurants
•   across the regions covered by the master franchise agreement, telepizza will target opening at least 1,300 new units over the next ten years and 2,550 units in total over 20 years as a result of the alliance we added 1,282 telepizza units to our pizza hut division unit count at december 31, 2018. in total approximately 2,300 pizza hut and telepizza units are subject to the master franchise agreement as of december 31, 2018. of these 2,300 units, we anticipate between 100 and 150 may close due to overlap in a particular trade area.
based upon our ongoing and active maintenance of the pizza hut intellectual property as well as telepizza's active involvement in supply chain management and their role as a master franchisee, both parties are exposed to significant risks and rewards depending on the commercial success of the alliance. as a result, the alliance has been identified as a collaborative arrangement and upon consummation of the alliance no amounts were recorded in our consolidated financial statements (other than insignificant success fees that were paid to third-party advisors). subsequent to consummation of the deal, for all pizza hut restaurants that are part of the alliance, we will receive a continuing fee of 3.5% of restaurant sales. likewise, for most telepizza restaurants that are part of the alliance we will receive an alliance fee of 3.5% of restaurant sales. these fees will be recorded as franchise and property revenues within our consolidated statement of income when the related sales occur, consistent with our recognition of continuing fees for all other restaurants subject to our franchise agreements. these fees will be reduced by a sales-based credit that decreases over time and, potentially, certain incentive payments if development or conversion targets are met. previously, the existing pizza hut restaurants that are now subject to the master franchise agreement with telepizza generally paid a continuing fee of 6% of restaurant sales consistent with our standard international franchise agreement terms.
adoption of topic 606, "revenue from contracts with customers"
the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") has issued standards to provide principles within a single framework for revenue recognition of transactions involving contracts with customers across all industries ("topic 606"). as a result, the company has changed its accounting policy for revenue recognition as detailed in note 2. we adopted topic 606 on january 1, 2018, using the modified retrospective method. therefore, the comparative information for fiscal 2017 and 2016 has not been adjusted and continues to be reported under our accounting polices related to revenue recognition prior to the adoption of topic 606 ("legacy gaap"). gaap operating profit for the year ended december 31, 2018 was $14 million lower and core operating profit was $41 million lower (2 percentage points) than what would have been recognized under legacy gaap.
increase (decrease) vs. legacy gaap                     kfc division            pizza hut division            taco bell division          unallocated(a)            total amortization of upfront fees                              $40                         $16                           $10                        $-                 $66
amortization of franchise incentive payments              (14      )                   (5        )                   (1        )                -                 (20   )
operating profit                                         $(36      )                  $(2        )                  $(3        )              $27                $(14   )
a)   reflects incentive payments made to or on behalf of franchisees during 2018 that under legacy gaap would have been recognized as expense in full in 2018. due to the size and nature of such payments, we historically would have included such amounts as special items and thus in the table above have not allocated their impact to our divisional results. such amounts are now being capitalized with related amortization recognized as a reduction of franchise and property revenues over the period of expected cash flows from the franchise agreements to which the payments relate. also reflects the recognition as refranchising gain of deferred franchise fees upon the modification of existing franchise agreements when entering into master franchise agreements.
topic 606 also impacted transactions that were not historically included in our revenues and expenses such as franchisee contributions to, and subsequent expenditures from, advertising cooperatives that we are required to consolidate, as well as receipts and expenditures for other services we provide to our franchisees. based on legacy gaap, these transactions were reported on a net basis in our consolidated statements of income. this change did not have a significant impact on operating profit, as the contributions that are now recorded in franchise contributions for advertising and other services are largely offset by the expenditures recorded in franchise advertising and other services expense. refer to notes 2 and 5 for further details of the significant changes and quantitative impact of topic 606.
income tax matters the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017 ("tax act") was enacted on december 22, 2017 (see note 17 for discussion of the charge recorded as a result of the enactment). the tax act significantly modified the u.s. corporate income tax system by, among other things, reducing the federal income tax rate from 35% to 21% beginning in 2018, limiting certain deductions, including limiting the deductibility of interest expense to 30% of u.s. earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("ebitda"), imposing a mandatory one-time deemed repatriation tax on accumulated foreign earnings and creating a territorial tax system that changes the manner in which foreign earnings are now subject to u.s. tax.
after considering the impacts of the tax act, we anticipate a 2019 and ongoing effective tax rate of 20% to 22%, compared to our pre-2018 annual guidance of 26% to 27%, as we expect to benefit from the lower u.s. tax rate and the territorial tax system due to a majority of our earnings being generated outside the u.s.  we anticipate this benefit will be partially offset by taxes incurred under the global intangible low-taxed income ("gilti") provisions of the tax act.  we originally anticipated that our 2018 effective tax would be slightly below the ongoing anticipated range of 20% to 22%, primarily due to a delay in the applicability of the gilti provisions of the tax act.  our actual 2018 effective tax rate, excluding special items of 20.4% was higher than we originally expected.  this was due to the negative impact of a reserve of approximately $20 million we recorded related to a dispute concerning the income tax rate to be applied to our 2018 income in a foreign market.
extra week in 2016 (as restated for change in reporting calendar)
fiscal 2016 included a 53rd week for all of our u.s. businesses and certain of our non-u.s. businesses that report 13 four-week periods versus 12 months. see notes 2 and 5 for additional details related to our fiscal calendar. the following table summarizes the estimated impact of the 53rd week on revenues and operating profit for the year ended december 31, 2016:
operating profit franchise and property expenses            $8                           $                             $                 $21
restaurant profit                           6          1                             7                                   14
operating profit                          $11                          $5                           $12                 $28
kfc division the kfc division has 22,621 units, 82% of which are located outside the u.s. additionally, 99% of the kfc division units were operated by franchisees as of the end of 2018.
system sales                                                       $26,239             $24,515             $23,242              7                       6                                                                        6
same-store sales growth (decline)                                                                                                                     n/a                                          n/a                                     n/a company sales                                                         $894              $1,928              $2,156            (54   )                 (53   )               (11    )               (12   )                     (11           )
franchise contributions for advertising and other services             456                   -                   -                 n/a                    n/a                    n/a                   n/a                                 n/a total revenues                                                      $2,644              $3,110              $3,225            (15   )                 (15   )                (4    )                (4   )                      (3           )
restaurant profit                                                     $119                $289                $317            (59   )                 (58   )                (9    )               (10   )                      (8           )
franchise advertising and other services expense                       452                   -                   -                 n/a                    n/a                    n/a                   n/a                                 n/a operating profit                                                      $959                $981                $871             (2   )                  (2   )                13                     12                          14
company sales and restaurant profit the changes in company sales and restaurant profit were as follows:
cost of sales                      (664   )                     351                    (17   )            6              (324   )
cost of labor                      (451   )                     244                     (5   )            2              (210   )
restaurant profit                  $289                       $(158         )          $(9   )          $(3   )          $119
cost of sales                      (733   )                     93                    (22   )          (11   )              9                  (664   )
cost of labor                      (507   )                     69                    (16   )           (3   )              6                  (451   )
restaurant profit                  $317                       $(42         )          $16               $4                $(6     )            $289
in 2018, the decreases in company sales and restaurant profit associated with store portfolio actions were driven by refranchising. significant other factors impacting company sales and/or restaurant profit were company same-store sales growth of 2%, including the impact of the supply interruptions in our kfc uk business.
in 2017, the decreases in company sales and restaurant profit associated with store portfolio actions were driven by refranchising, partially offset by international net new unit growth. significant other factors impacting company sales and/or restaurant profit were company same-store sales growth of 4%, partially offset by higher commodity and labor costs.
franchise and property revenues in 2018, the increase in franchise and property revenues, excluding the impacts of foreign currency translation and the adoption of topic 606, was driven by refranchising, international net new unit growth, and franchise same-store sales growth of 2%, including the impact of the supply interruptions in our kfc uk business, partially offset by lapping higher than normal renewal and transfer fees that were recognized upfront in the prior year.
in 2017, the increase in franchise and property revenues, excluding the impacts of foreign currency translation and lapping the 53rd week in 2016, was driven by international net new unit growth, franchise same-store sales growth of 3%, refranchising and higher renewal and transfer fees.
g&a in 2018, the decrease in g&a expenses, excluding the impacts of foreign currency translation, was driven by the positive impact of yum's transformation initiatives, including reductions in g&a directly attributable to refranchising.
in 2017, the decrease in g&a, excluding the impacts of foreign currency translation and lapping the 53rd week in 2016, was driven by the positive impact of yum's strategic transformation initiatives, including reductions in g&a directly attributable to refranchising, partially offset by higher incentive compensation.
operating profit in 2018, the increase in operating profit, excluding the impacts of foreign currency translation and the adoption of topic 606, was driven by net new unit growth, same-store sales growth, lower g&a and lower advertising costs associated with the kfc u.s. acceleration agreement recorded in franchise and property expenses, partially offset by refranchising, the supply interruptions in our kfc uk business and lapping higher than normal renewal and transfer fees that were recognized upfront in the prior year.
in 2017, the increase in operating profit, excluding the impacts of foreign currency translation and lapping the 53rd week in 2016, was driven by same-store sales growth, international net new unit growth, lower g&a and higher renewal and transfer fees, partially offset by higher restaurant operating costs and refranchising.
pizza hut division the pizza hut division has 18,431 units, 59% of which are located outside the u.s. the pizza hut division operates as one brand that uses multiple distribution channels including delivery, dine-in and express (e.g. airports). additionally, over 99% of the pizza hut division units were operated by franchisees as of the end of 2018.
system sales                                                       $12,212              $12,034             $12,019              1                       1                      -
same-store sales growth (decline)                                                                                                  even                n/a                        even                n/a                                     n/a company sales                                                          $69                 $285                $493            (76    )                (76   )                (42   )                 (42   )                     (41   )
franchise contributions for advertising and other services             321                    -                   -                 n/a                    n/a                     n/a                    n/a                                 n/a total revenues                                                        $988                 $893              $1,108             11                      10                    (19   )                 (19   )                     (18   )
restaurant profit                                                       $-                  $14                 $41                  nm                     nm                (63   )                 (63   )                     (62   )
franchise advertising and other services expense                       328                    -                   -                 n/a                    n/a                     n/a                    n/a                                 n/a operating profit                                                      $348                 $341                $367              2                       2                     (7   )                  (6   )                      (5   )
company sales and restaurant profit the changes in company sales and restaurant profit were as follows:
cost of sales                     (83   )                     64                    -          -                   (19   )
cost of labor                     (94   )                     70                   (2   )      -                   (26   )
restaurant profit                 $14                       $(15         )         $1          $-                   $-
cost of sales                    (137   )                     56                (4        )      -                      2                 (83   )
cost of labor                    (156   )                     61                (1        )          1                  1                 (94   )
restaurant profit                 $41                       $(15         )      $(11      )      $-                   $(1     )           $14
in 2018, the decreases in company sales and restaurant profit associated with store portfolio actions were driven by refranchising. company same-store sales growth was 1%.
in 2017, the decreases in company sales and restaurant profit associated with store portfolio actions were driven by refranchising. significant other factors impacting company sales and/or restaurant profit were company same-store sales declines of 3% and higher commodity and labor costs, partially offset by lower property and casualty losses.
franchise and property revenues in 2018, the increase in franchise and property revenues, excluding the impacts of foreign currency translation and the adoption of topic 606, was driven by net new unit growth and refranchising. franchise same-store sales were even.
in 2017, franchise and property revenues, excluding the impact of foreign currency translation and lapping the 53rd week in 2016, was even with prior year as the favorable impacts of refranchising and net new unit growth were offset by lower fees from expiring development agreements. franchise same-store sales were even.
g&a in 2018, the decrease in g&a, excluding the impacts of foreign currency translation, was driven by yum's strategic transformation initiatives, including reductions in g&a directly attributable to refranchising, and lapping higher litigation costs.
in 2017, the decrease in g&a, excluding the impact of foreign currency translation and lapping the 53rd week in 2016, was driven by the positive impact of yum's strategic transformation initiatives, including reductions in g&a directly attributable to refranchising, partially offset by increased litigation costs.
operating profit in 2018, the increase in operating profit, excluding the impact of foreign currency translation and the adoption of topic 606, was driven by lower g&a, lower advertising costs associated with the pizza hut transformation agreement recorded in franchise and property expenses, net new unit growth and refranchising.
in 2017, the decrease in operating profit, excluding the impact of foreign currency translation and lapping the 53rd week in 2016, was driven by increased advertising costs associated with the pizza hut u.s. transformation agreement recorded in franchise and property expenses, partially offset by lower g&a.
taco bell division the taco bell division has 7,072 units, 93% of which are in the u.s. the company-owned 7% of the taco bell units in the u.s. as of the end of 2018.
system sales                                                       $10,786             $10,145              $9,660             6                      6                     5                      5                           7
same-store sales growth                                                                                                        4                    n/a                     4                    n/a                                     n/a company sales                                                       $1,037              $1,359              $1,540           (24    )               (24   )               (12    )               (12   )                     (10   )
franchise contributions for advertising and other services             429                   -                   -                n/a                   n/a                    n/a                   n/a                                 n/a total revenues                                                      $2,056              $1,880              $2,025             9                      9                    (7    )                (7   )                      (6   )
restaurant profit                                                     $244                $305                $342           (20    )               (20   )               (11    )               (11   )                      (9   )
franchise advertising and other services expense                       428                   -                   -                n/a                   n/a                    n/a                   n/a                                 n/a operating profit                                                      $633                $619                $595             2                      2                     4                      4
company sales and restaurant profit the changes in company sales and restaurant profit were as follows:
cost of sales                     (356   )                      96                     (1   )            (261   )
cost of labor                     (394   )                     103                     (8   )            (299   )
restaurant profit                 $305                        $(90         )          $29                $244
cost of sales                     (397   )                     50                    (15   )              6                  (356   )
cost of labor                     (443   )                     55                    (13   )              7                  (394   )
restaurant profit                 $342                       $(46         )          $16                $(7     )            $305
in 2018, the decreases in company sales and restaurant profit associated with store portfolio actions were driven by refranchising, partially offset by net unit growth. significant other factors impacting company sales and/or restaurant profit were company same-store sales growth of 4%, partially offset by higher labor costs.
in 2017, the decreases in company sales and restaurant profit associated with store portfolio actions were driven by refranchising, partially offset by net unit growth. significant other factors impacting company sales and/or restaurant profit were company same-store sales growth of 3%, partially offset by higher labor costs, commodity cost inflation, and increased cost of sales associated with value offerings.
franchise and property revenues in 2018, the increase in franchise and property revenues, excluding the adoption of topic 606, was driven by refranchising, franchise same-store sales growth of 4% and net new unit growth.
in 2017, the increase in franchise and property revenues, excluding the impact of lapping the 53rd week in 2016, was driven by refranchising, franchise same-store sales growth of 4% and net new unit growth.
g&a in 2018, the decrease in g&a was driven by the positive impact of yum's strategic transformation initiatives, including reductions in g&a directly attributable to refranchising, and the favorable impact of forfeitures related to share based compensation awards, partially offset by lapping lower litigation costs.
in 2017, the decrease in g&a, excluding the impact of lapping the 53rd week in 2016, was driven by the positive impact of yum's strategic transformation initiatives, including reductions in g&a directly attributable to refranchising, and lower litigation costs.
operating profit in 2018, the increase in operating profit, excluding the impacts of the adoption of topic 606, was driven by same-store sales growth and net new unit growth, partially offset by refranchising and higher restaurant operating costs.
in 2017, the increase in operating profit, excluding the impact of lapping the 53rd week in 2016, was driven by same-store sales growth, lower g&a and net new unit growth, partially offset by refranchising and higher restaurant operating costs.
corporate and unallocated g&a in 2018, the decrease in corporate g&a expenses was driven by non-cash credits in the current year associated with the modification of executive income deferral ("eid") share-based compensation awards when compared with charges in the prior year (see note 5), current year g&a reductions due to the impact of yum's strategic transformation initiatives, lapping higher costs associated with yum's strategic transformation initiatives (see note 5), and lapping charges related to the pizza hut u.s. transformation agreement (see note 5).
in 2017, the decrease in corporate and unallocated g&a was driven by lower year-over-year costs associated with yum's strategic transformation initiatives (see note 5), current year g&a reductions due to the impact of yum's strategic transformation initiatives and lower non-cash charges associated with the modification of eid share-based compensation awards when compared to the prior year (see note 5), partially offset by charges related to the pizza hut u.s. transformation agreement (see note 5).
unallocated restaurant costs in 2018 and 2017, unallocated restaurant costs represents the cessation of depreciation on held-for-sale assets that were not allocated to the division segments.
unallocated franchise and property revenues in 2017, unallocated franchise and property revenues primarily reflects charges related to the pizza hut u.s. transformation agreement. see note 5.
unallocated franchise and property expenses unallocated franchise and property expenses reflect charges related to the pizza hut u.s. transformation agreement and/or the kfc u.s. acceleration agreement. see note 5.
in 2018 and 2017, unallocated other income (expense) primarily includes foreign exchange gains (losses). see note 7.
in 2016, unallocated other income (expense) primarily includes write-downs related to our decision to dispose of our corporate aircraft and foreign exchange gains (losses). see note 7.
other pension (income) expense in 2017, other pension (income) expense includes an adjustment related to our deferred vested pension obligation and settlement charges in our u.s. plans. see note 5.
income from discontinued operations, net of tax the following table is a summary of the operating results of the china business which have been reflected in discontinued operations. see note 4 for additional information.
income tax (benefit) provision(c)                                            (65    )
income from discontinued operations, net of tax                              625
(a)   includes yum china financial results from january 1, 2016 to october 31, 2016.
(b)   includes costs incurred to execute the separation of $68 million for 2016. such costs primarily related to transaction advisors, legal and other consulting fees.
(c)   during 2016, we recorded a tax benefit of $233 million related to previously recorded losses associated with our little sheep business. the tax benefit associated with these losses was able to be recognized as a result of legal entity restructuring completed in anticipation of the china spin-off.
consolidated cash flows net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations was $1,176 million in 2018 compared to $1,030 million in 2017.  the increase was primarily driven by lower retirement and deferred compensation payouts to retirees and a decrease in income tax payments.
in 2017, net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations was $1,030 million compared to $1,248 million in 2016.  the decrease was primarily driven by an increase in interest payments and retirement and deferred compensation payouts to retirees, partially offset by an increase in operating profit before special items net cash provided by investing activities from continuing operations was $313 million in 2018 compared to $1,472 million in 2017.  the decrease was primarily driven by lower refranchising proceeds and our $200 million investment in grubhub common stock in 2018.
in 2017, net cash provided by investing activities from continuing operations was $1,472 million compared to net cash used in investing activities of $4 million in 2016.  the increase was primarily driven by higher proceeds from refranchising of restaurants and lower capital spending net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations was $2,620 million in 2018 compared to $1,795 million in 2017. the increase was primarily driven by lower net borrowings and higher share repurchases.
in 2017, net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations was $1,795 million compared to $744 million in 2016. the increase was primarily driven by lower net borrowings, partially offset by lower share repurchases.
consolidated financial condition our consolidated balance sheet was impacted by the adoption of topic 606 (see note 2). other assets also increased due to the inclusion of our investment in grubhub common stock (see note 5).
the refranchising of company-operated stores drove decreases in restaurant-level assets and liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet, including within property, plant and equipment ("pp&e").
liquidity and capital resources in october 2016, we announced yum's strategic transformation initiatives to drive global expansion of the kfc, pizza hut and taco bell brands following the separation on october 31, 2016. as part of this transformation we announced our intention to own less than 1,000 stores by the end of 2018. as of december 31, 2018 we owned 856 stores. additionally, we announced our intention to, by 2019, reduce annual recurring capital expenditures to approximately $100 million, improve our efficiency by lowering g&a to 1.7% of system sales and increase free cash flow conversion to 100%.
in 2018 and 2017, we returned a cumulative $5.2 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and cash dividends towards our commitment to return between $6.5 and $7.0 billion from 2017 to 2019. we are funding these shareholder returns through a combination of refranchising proceeds, free cash flow generation and maintenance of our five times ebitda leverage. we generated total gross refranchising proceeds of $2.8 billion in connection with our initiative to increase franchise ownership to 98%, which we achieved in december 2018.
our primary sources of liquidity are cash on hand, cash generated by operations and our revolving facilities.  as of december 31, 2018, we had cash and cash equivalents of $292 million.  cash and cash equivalents decreased from $1,522 million at december 31, 2017 due to share repurchases, dividend payments, the repayment of $325 million in yum senior unsecured notes that matured in march 2018 and our investment in grubhub. we have historically generated substantial cash flows from the operations of our company-owned stores and from our extensive franchise operations, which require a limited yum investment. our annual operating cash flows from continuing operations have historically been in excess of $1 billion. decreases in operating cash flows from the operation of fewer company-owned stores due to refranchising have been offset, and are expected to continue to be offset, with savings generated from decreased capital investment and g&a required to support company operations. to the extent operating cash flows plus other sources of cash such as refranchising proceeds do not cover our anticipated cash needs, we maintain a revolving credit facility with total capacity of $1 billion that was undrawn as of year end 2018.
our balance sheet often reflects a working capital deficit, which is not uncommon in our industry and is also historically common for yum. our royalty receivables from franchisees are generally due within 30 days of the period in which the related sales occur and company sales are paid in cash or by credit card (which is quickly converted into cash). substantial amounts of cash received have historically been either returned to shareholders or invested in new restaurant assets which are non-current in nature. as part of our working capital strategy, we negotiate favorable credit terms with vendors and, as a result, our on-hand inventory turns faster than the related short-term liabilities. accordingly, it is not unusual for current liabilities to exceed current assets. we believe such a deficit has no significant impact on our liquidity or operations.
debt instruments as of december 31, 2018, approximately 91%, including the impact of interest rate swaps, of our $10.1 billion of total debt outstanding is fixed with an effective overall interest rate of approximately 4.7%. we are managing a capital structure which is levered in-line with our target of approximately five times ebitda, and which we believe provides an attractive balance between optimized interest rates, duration and flexibility with diversified sources of liquidity and maturities spread over multiple years. we have credit ratings of bb (standard & poor's)/ba3 (moody's) with a balance sheet consistent with highly-levered peer restaurant franchise companies.
securitization notes. in may 2016, taco bell funding, llc, a newly formed special purpose subsidiary of the company, issued an aggregate of $2.3 billion of fixed rate senior secured notes (the "2016 class a-2 notes"). on november 14, 2018, taco bell funding, llc, completed a refinancing agreement and issued two fixed rate senior secured notes in the aggregate amount of $1.45 billion (the "2018 class a-2 notes", and, together with the 2016 class a-2 notes, the "securitization notes"). proceeds from the 2018 issuance were used to repay $788 million of existing securitization notes issued in 2016 and to repay the then outstanding balance on the revolving facility (see below). the securitization notes contain cross-default provisions whereby the failure to pay principal on any outstanding securitization notes will constitute an event of default under any other securitization notes.
credit agreement. on june 16, 2016, three wholly-owned subsidiaries of the company, kfc holding co., pizza hut holdings, llc and taco bell of america, llc, as co-borrowers (the "borrowers") entered into a new credit agreement (the "credit agreement") providing for the following (each of which may be increased subject to certain conditions): (i) a $500 million term loan a facility (the "term loan a facility"), (ii) a $2 billion term loan b facility (the "term loan b facility") and (iii) a $1 billion revolving facility (the "revolving facility") which has no outstanding borrowings and has $7 million in letters of credit outstanding as of december 31, 2018, each of which may be increased subject to certain conditions. our term loan a facility and term loan b facility contain cross-default provisions whereby the failure to pay principal of or otherwise perform any agreement or condition under indebtedness of certain subsidiaries with a principal amount in excess of $100 million will constitute an event of default under the credit agreement.
on april 3, 2018, the borrowers completed the repricing of the then existing $1.97 billion under the term loan b facility pursuant to an amendment to the credit agreement. the amendment reduces the interest rate applicable to the term loan b facility by 25 basis points to adjusted libor plus 1.75% or base rate plus 0.75%, at the borrowers' election, and extends the maturity date for the term loan b facility by 2 years to april 3, 2025. all other material provisions under the credit agreement remained unchanged as a result of this amendment.
subsidiary senior unsecured notes. on june 16, 2016, the borrowers issued an aggregate of $1.05 billion senior unsecured notes due 2024 and an aggregate of $1.05 billion senior unsecured notes due 2026. on june 15, 2017, the borrowers issued an aggregate of $750 million senior unsecured notes due june 1, 2027 (together with the june 16, 2016 issuances, the "subsidiary senior unsecured notes"). our subsidiary senior unsecured notes contain cross-default provisions whereby the acceleration of the maturity of the indebtedness of certain subsidiaries with a principal amount in excess of $100 million or the failure to pay principal of such indebtedness will constitute an event of default under the subsidiary senior unsecured notes.
the majority of our remaining long-term debt primarily comprises senior, unsecured obligations ("yum senior unsecured notes") which ranks equally in right of payment with all of our existing and future unsecured unsubordinated indebtedness. amounts outstanding under yum senior unsecured notes were $1.9 billion at december 31, 2018. our yum senior unsecured notes contain cross-default provisions whereby the acceleration of the maturity of any of our indebtedness in a principal amount in excess of $50 million will constitute a default under the yum senior unsecured notes unless such indebtedness is discharged, or the acceleration of the maturity of that indebtedness is annulled, within 30 days after notice.
the following table summarizes the future maturities of our outstanding long-term debt, excluding capital leases, as of december 31, 2018.
contractual obligations our significant contractual obligations and payments as of december 31, 2018 included:
capital leases(b)                         103                      10                      19                    16                        58
operating leases(b)                       786                     103                     167                   132                       384
benefit plans and other(d)                220                      73                      37                    34                        76
(a)   amounts include maturities of debt outstanding as of december 31, 2018 and expected interest payments on those outstanding amounts on a nominal basis. the estimated interest payments related to the variable rate portion of our debt is based on current libor interest rates. see note 10.
(b)   these obligations, which are shown on a nominal basis and represent the non cancellable term of the lease, relate primarily to approximately 500 company-owned restaurants. see note 11.
(c)   purchase obligations include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding on us and that specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. we have excluded agreements that are cancellable without penalty. purchase obligations relate primarily to marketing, information technology and supply agreements.
(d)   includes actuarially-determined timing of payments from our most significant unfunded pension plan as well as scheduled payments from our deferred compensation plan and other unfunded benefit plans where payment dates are determinable. this table excludes $43 million of future benefit payments for deferred compensation and other unfunded benefit plans to be paid upon separation of employee's service or retirement from the company, as we cannot reasonably estimate the dates of these future cash payments. other amounts include a cash tax obligation related to the mandatory deemed repatriation tax provisions of the tax act (see note 17) and anticipated investments related to the kfc u.s. acceleration agreement and the pizza hut u.s. transformation agreement (see note 5).
we sponsor noncontributory defined benefit pension plans covering certain salaried and hourly employees, the most significant of which are in the u.s. and uk.  the most significant of the u.s. plans, the yum retirement plan (the "plan"), is funded while benefits from our other significant u.s. plan are paid by the company as incurred (see footnote (d) above).  our funding policy for the plan is to contribute annually amounts that will at least equal the minimum amounts required to comply with the pension protection act of 2006.  however, additional voluntary contributions are made from time-to-time to improve the plan's funded status.  at december 31, 2018 the plan was in a net underfunded position of $42 million.  the uk pension plans were in a net overfunded position of $86 million at our 2018 measurement date.
we do not anticipate making any significant contributions to the plan in 2019. investment performance and corporate bond rates have a significant effect on our net funding position as they drive our asset balances and discount rate assumptions.  future changes in investment performance and corporate bond rates could impact our funded status and the timing and amounts of required contributions in 2019 and beyond.
our post-retirement health care plan in the u.s. is not required to be funded in advance, but is pay as you go.  we made post-retirement benefit payments of $6 million in 2018 and no future funding amounts are included in the contractual obligations table.  see note 14.
we have excluded from the contractual obligations table payments we may make for exposures for which we are self-insured, including workers' compensation, employment practices liability, general liability, automobile liability, product liability and property losses (collectively "property and casualty losses") and employee healthcare and long-term disability claims.  the majority of our recorded liability for self-insured property and casualty losses and employee healthcare and long-term disability claims represents estimated reserves for incurred claims that have yet to be filed or settled.
we have not included in the contractual obligations table $117 million of liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits relating to various tax positions we have taken.  these liabilities may increase or decrease over time as a result of tax examinations, and given the status of the examinations, we cannot reliably estimate the period of any cash settlement with the respective taxing authorities.
off-balance sheet arrangements see the lease guarantees and franchise loan pool and equipment guarantees sections of note 19 for discussion of our off-balance sheet arrangements.
new accounting pronouncements not yet adopted the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") has issued standards on the recognition and measurement of leases that are intended to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by requiring that substantially all lease assets and liabilities be recognized on the balance sheet and by requiring the disclosure of key information about leasing arrangements. we will adopt these standards using a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the first quarter of 2019 and will not recast the comparative periods presented in the financial statements upon adoption. see "recent accounting pronouncements" in note 2 for additional information regarding our adoption of the new lease accounting standards.
in june 2016, the fasb issued a standard that requires measurement and recognition of expected versus incurred credit losses for financial assets held. the standard is effective for the company in our first quarter of fiscal 2020 with early adoption permitted beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2019. we are currently evaluating the impact the adoption of this standard will have on our financial statements.
critical accounting policies and estimates our reported results are impacted by the application of certain accounting policies that require us to make subjective or complex judgments.  these judgments involve estimations of the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may significantly impact our quarterly or annual results of operations or financial condition.  changes in the estimates and judgments could significantly affect our results of operations and financial condition and cash flows in future years.  a description of what we consider to be our most significant critical accounting policies follows.
impairment or disposal of long-lived assets we review long-lived assets of restaurants (primarily pp&e and allocated intangible assets subject to amortization) semi-annually for impairment, or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of a restaurant may not be recoverable.  we evaluate recoverability based on the restaurant's forecasted undiscounted cash flows, which incorporate our best estimate of sales growth and margin improvement based upon our plans for the unit and actual results at comparable restaurants.  for restaurant assets that are deemed to not be recoverable, we write-down the impaired restaurant to its estimated fair value.  key assumptions in the determination of fair value are the future after-tax cash flows of the restaurant, which are reduced by future royalties a franchisee would pay, and a discount rate.  the after-tax cash flows incorporate reasonable sales growth and margin improvement assumptions that would be used by a franchisee in the determination of a purchase price for the restaurant.  estimates of future cash flows are highly subjective judgments and can be significantly impacted by changes in the business or economic conditions.
we perform an impairment evaluation at a restaurant group level if it is more likely than not that we will refranchise restaurants as a group.  expected net sales proceeds are generally based on actual bids from the buyer, if available, or anticipated bids given the discounted projected after-tax cash flows for the group of restaurants.  historically, these anticipated bids have been reasonably accurate estimations of the proceeds ultimately received. the after-tax cash flows used in determining the anticipated bids incorporate reasonable assumptions we believe a franchisee would make such as sales growth and margin improvement as well as expectations as to the useful lives of the restaurant assets. these after-tax cash flows also include a deduction for the anticipated, future royalties we would receive under a franchise agreement with terms substantially at market entered into simultaneously with the refranchising transaction.
the discount rate used in the fair value calculations is our estimate of the required rate of return that a franchisee would expect to receive when purchasing a similar restaurant or groups of restaurants and the related long-lived assets.  the discount rate incorporates rates of returns for historical refranchising market transactions and is commensurate with the risks and uncertainty inherent in the forecasted cash flows.
impairment of goodwill we evaluate goodwill for impairment on an annual basis as of the beginning of our fourth quarter or more often if an event occurs or circumstances change that indicates impairment might exist.  goodwill is evaluated for impairment by determining whether the fair value of our reporting units exceed their carrying values. our reporting units are our business units (which are aligned based on geography) in our kfc, pizza hut and taco bell divisions.  fair value is the price a willing buyer would pay for the reporting unit, and is generally estimated using discounted expected future after-tax cash flows from franchise royalties and company-owned restaurant operations, if any.
future cash flow estimates and the discount rate are the key assumptions when estimating the fair value of a reporting unit.  future cash flows are based on growth expectations relative to recent historical performance and incorporate sales growth (from net new restaurants or same-sales growth) and margin improvement (for those reporting units which include company-owned restaurant operations) assumptions that we believe a third-party buyer would assume when determining a purchase price for the reporting unit.  any margin improvement assumptions that factor into the discounted cash flows are highly correlated with sales growth as cash flow growth can be achieved through various interrelated strategies such as product pricing and restaurant productivity initiatives. the discount rate is our estimate of the required rate of return that a third-party buyer would expect to receive when purchasing a business from us that constitutes a reporting unit. we believe the discount rate is commensurate with the risks and uncertainty inherent in the forecasted cash flows.
the fair values of all our reporting units with goodwill balances were substantially in excess of their respective carrying values as of the 2018 goodwill testing date.
when we refranchise restaurants, we include goodwill in the carrying amount of the restaurants disposed of based on the relative fair values of the portion of the reporting unit disposed of in the refranchising versus the portion of the reporting unit that will be retained.  the fair value of the portion of the reporting unit disposed of in a refranchising is determined by reference to the discounted value of the future cash flows expected to be generated by the restaurant and retained by the franchisee, which include a deduction for the anticipated, future royalties the franchisee will pay us associated with the franchise agreement entered into simultaneously with the refranchising transaction. appropriate adjustments are made to the fair value determinations if such franchise agreement is determined to not be at prevailing market rates.  when determining whether such franchise agreement is at prevailing market rates our primary consideration is consistency with the terms of our current franchise agreements both within the country that the restaurants are being refranchised in and around the world.  the company believes consistency in royalty rates as a percentage of sales is appropriate as the company and franchisee share in the impact of near-term fluctuations in sales results with the acknowledgment that over the long-term the royalty rate represents an appropriate rate for both parties.
the discounted value of the future cash flows expected to be generated by the restaurant and retained by the franchisee is reduced by future royalties the franchisee will pay the company.  the company thus considers the fair value of future royalties to be received under the franchise agreement as fair value retained in its determination of the goodwill to be written off when refranchising.  others may consider the fair value of these future royalties as fair value disposed of and thus would conclude that a larger percentage of a reporting unit's fair value is disposed of in a refranchising transaction.
during 2018, refranchising activity completed by the company resulted in the write-off of $12 million in goodwill within refranchising (gain) loss, representing 2% of beginning-of-year company goodwill. of the $12 million, the most significant write-offs were recognized within our kfc uk, taco bell u.s. and kfc russia reporting units. within kfc uk, 91 restaurants were refranchised (representing 65% of beginning-of-year company units) and $5 million in goodwill was written off (representing
13% of beginning-of-year goodwill). within taco bell u.s., 199 restaurants were refranchised (representing 31% of beginning-of-year company units) and $4 million in goodwill was written off (representing 4% of beginning-of-year goodwill). within kfc russia, 194 restaurants were refranchised (representing 91% of beginning-of-year company units) and $2 million in goodwill was written off (representing 11% of beginning-of-year goodwill).
see note 2 for a further discussion of our policies regarding goodwill.
pension plans certain of our employees are covered under defined benefit pension plans. our two most significant plans are in the u.s. and combined had a projected benefit obligation ("pbo") of $873 million and a fair value of plan assets of $755 million at december 31, 2018.
the pbo reflects the actuarial present value of all benefits earned to date by employees and incorporates assumptions as to future compensation levels.  due to the relatively long time frame over which benefits earned to date are expected to be paid, our pbos are highly sensitive to changes in discount rates.  for our u.s. plans, we measured our pbos using a discount rate of 4.6% at december 31, 2018.  this discount rate was determined with the assistance of our independent actuary.  the primary basis for this discount rate determination is a model that consists of a hypothetical portfolio of ten or more corporate debt instruments rated aa or higher by moody's or standard & poor's ("s&p") with cash flows that mirror our expected benefit payment cash flows under the plans.  we exclude from the model those corporate debt instruments flagged by moody's or s&p for a potential downgrade (if the potential downgrade would result in a rating below aa by both moody's and s&p) and bonds with yields that were two standard deviations or more above the mean.  in considering possible bond portfolios, the model allows the bond cash flows for a particular year to exceed the expected benefit payment cash flows for that year.  such excesses are assumed to be reinvested at appropriate one-year forward rates and used to meet the benefit payment cash flows in a future year.  the weighted-average yield of this hypothetical portfolio was used to arrive at an appropriate discount rate.  we also ensure that changes in the discount rate as compared to the prior year are consistent with the overall change in prevailing market rates and make adjustments as necessary. a 50 basis-point increase in this discount rate would have decreased these u.s. plans' pbos by approximately $50 million at our measurement date.  conversely, a 50 basis-point decrease in this discount rate would have increased our u.s. plans' pbos by approximately $60 million at our measurement date.
the net periodic benefit cost we will record in 2019 is also impacted by the discount rate, as well as the long-term rates of return on plan assets and mortality assumptions we selected at our measurement date.  we expect net periodic benefit cost plus expected pension settlement charges for our u.s. plans to decrease approximately $13 million in 2019.  a 50 basis-point decrease or increase in our discount rate assumption at our 2018 measurement date would not significantly impact our 2019 u.s. net periodic benefit cost. the impacts of changes in net periodic benefit costs are reflected primarily in other pension (income) expense.
our estimated long-term rate of return on u.s. plan assets is based upon the weighted-average of historical and expected future returns for each asset category.  our expected long-term rate of return on u.s. plan assets, for purposes of determining 2019 pension expense, at december 31, 2018 was 5.75%, net of administrative and investment fees paid from plan assets.  we believe this rate is appropriate given the composition of our plan assets and historical market returns thereon.  a 100 basis point change in our expected long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption would impact our 2019 u.s. net periodic benefit cost by approximately $8 million. additionally, every 100 basis point variation in actual return on plan assets versus our expected return of 5.75% will impact our unrecognized pre-tax actuarial net loss by approximately $8 million.
a decrease in discount rates over time has largely contributed to an unrecognized pre-tax actuarial net loss of $101 million included in aoci for these u.s. plans at december 31, 2018.  we will recognize approximately $1 million of such loss in net periodic benefit cost in 2019 versus $16 million recognized in 2018. see note 14.
income taxes at december 31, 2018, we had valuation allowances of approximately $454 million to reduce our $748 million of deferred tax assets to amounts that are more likely than not to be realized. the net deferred tax assets primarily relate to temporary differences in profitable u.s. federal, state and foreign jurisdictions and net operating losses in certain foreign jurisdictions, the majority of which do not expire. in evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets, we consider future taxable income in the various jurisdictions as well as carryforward periods and restrictions on usage. the estimation of future taxable income in these jurisdictions and our resulting ability to utilize deferred tax assets can significantly change based on future events, including our determinations as to feasibility of certain tax planning strategies and refranchising plans. thus, recorded valuation allowances may be subject to material future changes.
as a matter of course, we are regularly audited by federal, state and foreign tax authorities. we recognize the benefit of positions taken or expected to be taken in our tax returns in our income tax provision when it is more likely than not that the position would be sustained upon examination by these tax authorities. a recognized tax position is then measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely of being realized upon settlement. at december 31, 2018, we had $113 million of unrecognized tax benefits, $10 million of which are temporary in nature and, if recognized, would not impact the effective tax rate. we evaluate unrecognized tax benefits, including interest thereon, on a quarterly basis to ensure that they have been appropriately adjusted for events, including audit settlements, which may impact our ultimate payment for such exposures.
the 2017 tax cuts and jobs act included a mandatory deemed repatriation tax on accumulated earnings of foreign subsidiaries, and as a result, previously unremitted earnings for which no u.s. deferred tax liability had been provided have now been subject to u.s. tax. our cash currently held overseas is primarily limited to that necessary to fund working capital requirements. thus, we have not provided taxes on our foreign unremitted earnings, including u.s. state income and foreign withholding taxes, as we believe they are indefinitely reinvested. see note 17 for a further discussion of our income taxes.