During fiscal 2017, we continued to focus on our global human capital management strategy by investing to strengthen our underlying business model and prospects for sustainable long-term growth. Our robust and diverse product offerings are the result of our continued investment in product innovation and service. We believe upgrading our clients from legacy platforms is an important aspect of our long-term strategy, giving our clients our most innovative and seamless products. Our implementation team's ability to implement our services as well as our sales force's ability to sell to clients and prospects drove revenue growth during fiscal 2017. We are seeing strong retention on our strategic platforms. The causes of our client losses and resulting impact on our revenue retention continue to be a point of internal focus. We remain optimistic about our ability to deliver innovative and competitive products, as well as our sales force's ability to distribute our products heading into the year ending June 30, 2018. Our financial condition and balance sheet remain solid, with cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities of approximately $2.8 billion. We continue to make investments in our sales force and are pleased with the operational improvements of our organization, our ability to continuously innovate and offer new and exciting products to our clients, and the ability of our service organization to support these new services and strategic platforms. Our pipeline for future new business bookings remains strong, as we leverage our investments in our strategic platforms and our strong, tenured sales force. We have a strong business model with a high percentage of recurring revenues, good margins, the ability to generate consistent healthy cash flows, strong client retention, and low capital expenditure requirements. The increase in revenues was due to new business started from new business bookings, the impact of price increases, and an increase in the number of employees on our clients' payrolls. The increase in expenses is related to increased costs of servicing our clients on growing revenues as well as investments in our sales organization. We believe that our focus on these areas will continue to drive our growth and success in the future. Our operational flexibility is evidenced by our ability to adapt to changing market conditions and client needs. We have fully distributed the proceeds from our fiscal 2016 debt issuance. The historical results of operations of this business are included in the employer services segment. Our revenue growth also benefited from the continued increase in our pays per control metric, which we measure as the number of employees on our clients' payrolls. We incurred charges for a previously announced multi-year service alignment initiative intended to align our client service operations to our strategic platforms. This service alignment initiative reflects our commitment to innovation and enhances our core capabilities, allowing us to deepen our offering in this critical area of talent management. We have a strong focus on improving the client experience, which is critical for maintaining organizational health and resilience in the face of external pressures and market volatility. Our ability to foresee and confront challenges, while maintaining operational continuity, is essential for our long-term success and adaptability in a turbulent business environment.