The discussion in our management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations highlights our expectations regarding the continued transition of our business model and our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions. We are undergoing a business model transition in which we have discontinued selling new perpetual licenses for most of our products in favor of subscriptions. This transition entails both a technological shift and a business model shift, which positions us to meet our long-term goals while keeping non-GAAP spend flat. We anticipate that our channel mix will continue to change as we scale our online business and our largest accounts shift towards direct-only business models. Our strategy includes improving our product functionality and expanding our product offerings through internal development as well as through the acquisition of products, technology, and businesses. We continually review these trade-offs in making decisions regarding acquisitions, which often increase the speed at which we can deliver product functionality to our customers. Our restructuring plans aim to realign our resources to better support strategic priorities, including digital infrastructure and customer success. We believe that customer adoption of our new offerings will continue to grow as customers across a range of industries begin to take advantage of the scalable computing power and flexibility provided through these services. Our strategic initiatives are designed to give our customers more flexibility with how they use our products and service offerings, which is essential for maintaining performance under pressure and adapting to unexpected situations. The anticipated restructuring charges are primarily related to employee termination benefits and facility-related costs, which are necessary to support our strategic priorities. We have established a worldwide user group organization and online communities dedicated to the exchange of information related to our products, which enhances our organizational capabilities and fosters collaboration networks. Our extensive global network of distributors, resellers, and third-party developers provides us with a broad reach into volume markets around the world, which is a key competitive advantage. We are committed to helping fuel a lifelong passion for design in students of all ages, which supports our future planning and organizational learning processes. Our strategy depends upon a number of assumptions to successfully make the transition toward new cloud and mobile platforms, including leveraging our large global network and improving the performance and functionality of our products. We believe that our existing balances, anticipated cash flows from operations, and available credit facility will be sufficient to meet our working capital and operating resource expenditure requirements for at least the next 12 months. Our revenue, earnings, cash flows, receivables, and payables are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, which we manage through foreign currency contracts as part of our risk management strategy. We expect to see ongoing declines in maintenance plan subscriptions as part of the business model transition, and the rate of decline will vary based on the number of subscriptions subject to renewal and our ability to incentivize customers to switch over to enterprise business agreements or product subscriptions.