We believe that one of our major strengths is our ability to deliver comprehensively structured insurance and risk management services to our clients. Our brokers, agents, and administrators act as intermediaries between underwriting enterprises and our clients, and we do not assume net underwriting risks. We expect to continue to expand our international operations through both acquisitions and organic growth. Our major sources of operating revenues are commissions, fees, and supplemental and contingent revenues from brokerage operations and fees from risk management operations. We anticipate the cumulative effect of the adoption of a new revenue recognition accounting standard will be an increase to retained earnings. The primary impacts of the new standard to our segments are anticipated to be a material impact on the presentation of our results of operations in certain quarters due to timing changes in the recognition of certain revenue and expenses. We expect annual brokerage segment revenue, net earnings, and adjusted EBITDA to be greater on an absolute basis under the new accounting standard. We do not expect a material change to annual risk management segment revenue, net earnings, and adjusted EBITDA on an absolute basis under the new accounting standard. Our risk management segment provides contract claim settlement and administration services for enterprises that choose to self-insure some or all of their property/casualty coverages. Revenues for risk management services are substantially in the form of fees that are generally negotiated in advance on a per-claim or per-service basis. Our risk management segment also provides risk management consulting services that are recognized as the services are delivered. We believe that our cash flows from operations and borrowings under our credit agreement will provide us with adequate resources to meet our liquidity needs in the foreseeable future. We have historically depended on our ability to generate positive cash flow from operations to meet a substantial portion of our cash requirements. The increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2017 compared to 2016 was primarily due to improved cash flow generated from our core brokerage and risk management operating units. We believe that the focus should be on net earnings as reported in our consolidated statement of earnings, adjusted for non-cash items, and cash provided by operating activities. Our consolidated EBITDA was $918.9 million, $849.6 million, and $771.3 million for 2017, 2016, and 2015, respectively. We believe that EBITDA items are indicators of trends in liquidity. We have made significant investments in clean energy operations capable of producing refined coal that we believe qualifies for tax credits under IRC section 45. Our current estimate of the 2018 annual net after-tax earnings, including IRC section 45 tax credits, which will be produced from all of our clean energy investments in 2018, is $105.0 million to $115.0 million. We anticipate that these investments will continue to generate positive net cash flows for the period 2018 through at least 2021. The insurance brokerage industry is not capital intensive, and our capital requirements have primarily included dividend payments on our common stock, repurchases of our common stock, funding of our investments, acquisitions of brokerage and risk management operations, and capital expenditures. We expect to use new debt, our credit agreement, cash from operations, and our common stock to fund all, or a portion of acquisitions we complete. We believe that our history of strong new business generation, solid retentions, and enhanced value-added services for our underwriting enterprise partners should all result in further organic growth opportunities around the world.