The preparation of our financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements. Our primary business is the leasing of space on communications sites to wireless service providers, radio and television broadcast companies, wireless data providers, government agencies and municipalities and tenants in a number of other industries. We believe that our site leasing revenue is likely to increase due to the growing use of wireless services globally and our ability to meet the corresponding incremental demand for our communications real estate. Our site portfolio and our established tenant base provide us with new business opportunities, which have historically resulted in consistent and predictable organic revenue growth as wireless carriers seek to increase the coverage and capacity of their existing networks while also deploying next generation wireless technologies. We continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire communications real estate portfolios, both domestically and internationally, to determine whether they meet our risk-adjusted hurdle rates and whether we believe we can effectively integrate them into our existing portfolio. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers and other tenants deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks. This rate, in turn, is influenced by the growth of wireless services, the penetration of advanced wireless devices, the level of emphasis on network quality and capacity in carrier competition, the financial performance of our tenants and their access to capital and general economic conditions. We have master lease agreements with certain of our tenants that provide for consistent, long-term revenue and reduce the likelihood of churn. Our diversified communications site portfolio allows us to adapt to varying tenant lease rates depending upon numerous factors, including the amount, type and position of tenant equipment on the tower, remaining tower capacity and tower location. We anticipate increasing network densification over the next several years, as existing network infrastructure is anticipated to be insufficient to account for rapidly increasing levels of wireless data usage. Our operations in emerging markets position us to benefit from a number of different wireless technology deployments over the long term. We believe that consistent carrier network investments across our international markets position us to generate meaningful organic revenue growth going forward. Our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities depends upon the demand for our communications sites and our related services and our ability to increase the utilization of our existing communications sites. The majority of our tenant leases are multiyear contracts, resulting in a significant majority of the revenues generated by our property operations being recurring revenue that we should continue to receive in future periods. Our ability to maintain this recurring revenue and convert it into operating profit by minimizing operating costs and fully achieving our operating efficiencies is critical to our organizational resilience. We expect that our 2018 total capital expenditures will be between $850 million and $950 million, which will include investments aimed at enhancing our operational capabilities and ensuring our continued adaptability in a rapidly evolving market landscape.