We are a leading supplier of cloud networking solutions that use software innovations to address the needs of large-scale internet companies, cloud service providers, and next-generation data centers for enterprise support. Our cloud networking solutions deliver industry-leading performance, scalability, availability, programmability, automation, and visibility. The programmability of our operating system has allowed us to create a set of software applications that address the requirements of cloud networking, including workflow automation, network visibility, and analytics. We believe that cloud networks will continue to replace legacy network technologies, and that our cloud networking platform addresses the large and growing cloud networking segment of data center switching. Our development model is focused on the development of new products based on our software and enhancements to our operating system. We expect to continue growing our organization to meet the needs of new and existing customers as they increasingly realize the performance and cost benefits of our cloud networking solutions. We have experienced unpredictability in the timing of large orders due to the complexity of orders and the time it takes end customers to evaluate, test, qualify, and accept our products. We expect continued variability in our customer concentration and timing of sales on a quarterly and annual basis. To comply with the limited exclusion order and cease and desist order in the investigation, we have made design changes to our products for sale in the United States to address the features that were found to infringe the patent claims. We continue to work with our customers to complete these procedures and improve the redesigns to meet customer requirements. Our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities are held for working capital purposes. We believe that our existing balances will be sufficient to meet our working capital requirements and our growth strategies for at least the next 12 months. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our growth rate, the timing and extent of our spending to support research and development activities, and the introduction of new and enhanced product and service offerings. We expect our operating expenses to continue to increase in absolute dollars in the near term as we continue to invest in the growth of our business. We regularly evaluate our exposure for inventory write-downs and adequacy of our contract manufacturer liabilities. We believe that we will be able to fund our contractual obligations through cash generated from operations and from our existing balances. Our research and development efforts are focused on maintaining and developing additional functionality for our existing products and on new product development. We expect our research and development expenses to increase as we continue to invest heavily in software development to expand the capabilities of our cloud networking platform. We have also been profitable and operating cash flow positive for each year since 2010. We expect cash inflows from operating activities to be affected by increased sales and timing of collections. Our primary uses of cash from operating activities have been for personnel costs, inventory purchases from our contract manufacturers, investment in research and development, and litigation expenses. We will need to complete any outstanding product modifications and qualification and acceptance processes for our customers, and any inability to do so in a timely manner may result in an impact to our business, revenue, and deferred revenue balances.