The demand for our products has been affected in the past, and is likely to continue to be affected in the future, by various factors, including general economic and market conditions in the semiconductor industry and in our target markets, our ability to define specifications for, develop or acquire, complete, introduce and market, new products and technologies in a cost-effective and timely manner, the timing, rescheduling or cancellation of expected customer orders, and the qualification, availability and pricing of competing products and technologies. Uncertainty in global economic conditions poses significant risks to our business. For example, customers may defer purchases in response to tighter credit and negative financial news, which would in turn adversely affect product demand and our results of operations. Our overall net revenue increased primarily due to the full year contribution from acquired products compared to only three quarters in the prior fiscal year, as well as due to strong organic year-over-year growth. The increase in gross margin was primarily attributable to a reduction in acquisition purchase accounting effect on inventory, as well as a more favorable product mix. We expect to incur additional amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets in future periods as a result of recent mergers. Research and development expense increased due to a full year of expense resulting from acquired businesses and higher share-based compensation expense, partially offset by benefits from restructuring actions. Selling, general and administrative expense decreased due to a decrease in acquisition-related costs and benefits from restructuring actions. Our liquidity needs have increased as a result of completing the recent merger, and we believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand and cash flows from operations will provide sufficient liquidity to operate our business and fund our current and assumed obligations for at least the next 12 months. Our ability to fund these requirements will depend, in part, on our future cash flows, which are determined by our future operating performance and are subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions and financial, business, and other factors. We may also engage in discussions with third parties regarding potential acquisitions or investments, which could require significant use of our cash and cash equivalents or require us to increase our borrowings to fund such transactions. Our historical provision for income taxes is not necessarily reflective of our future results of operations, and our interpretations and conclusions regarding tax incentives are not binding on any taxing authority. We assess the impairment of long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable, considering various macroeconomic, industry-specific, and company-specific factors. The process of evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets is highly subjective and requires significant judgment. We regularly review inventory quantities on hand and record a provision for excess and obsolete inventory based primarily on our forecast of product demand and production requirements. Demand for our products can fluctuate significantly from period to period, and a significant decrease in demand could result in an increase in the amount of excess inventory quantities on hand. The increase in cash provided by operating activities during the fiscal year was due to the impact of net income and adjustments to net income for non-cash items, partially offset by changes in assets and liabilities.