Our mission is to help people experience the world. We aim to achieve our mission through global leadership in online travel and restaurant reservation and related services by providing consumers with the best choices and prices at any time, in any place, on any device, and making it easy for people to find, book, and experience their travel desires. We believe this growth is the result of the continued innovation and execution by our teams around the world to add accommodations to our travel reservation services, increase and improve content, build distribution, and improve the consumer experience on our websites and mobile apps. We have experienced strong growth in our accommodation reservation services, which we believe is due, in part, to the availability of a large and growing number of instantly bookable properties through booking.com. Our international business represents the substantial majority of our financial results, and we expect our operating results and other financial metrics to continue to be largely driven by international performance. Our growth has primarily been generated by our worldwide accommodation reservation service brand, booking.com, which has begun categorizing properties listed on its website to allow for a more direct comparison of traditional and unique property counts among companies. We believe that continuing to expand the number and variety of accommodations available through our services will help us to continue to grow our accommodation reservation business. We also intend to broaden the scope of our business and explore strategic alternatives, including acquisitions, to enhance our resilience against competitive pressures and changing market dynamics. Factors beyond our control, such as oil prices, stock market volatility, terrorist attacks, unusual or extreme weather, and political instability, can disrupt travel or otherwise result in declines in travel demand. We have observed volatility in transaction growth rates, increased cancellation rates, and weaker trends in hotel average daily rates across many regions of the world, particularly in those countries that appear to be most affected by economic and political uncertainties. These macro-economic uncertainties have led to significant volatility in the exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and other currencies. We face exposure to movements in currency exchange rates as the financial results of our international businesses are translated from local currency into U.S. dollars. We generally enter into derivative instruments to minimize the impact of short-term currency fluctuations on the translation of our consolidated operating results into U.S. dollars. We compete globally with both online and traditional providers of travel and restaurant reservation services, and the markets for the services we offer are intensely competitive. Our markets are subject to rapidly changing conditions, including technological developments, consumer behavior changes, regulatory changes, and travel service provider consolidation. We expect these trends to continue, and we have established widely used and recognized e-commerce brands through marketing and promotional campaigns. We intend to continue a strategy of promoting brand awareness through both online and offline advertising efforts. Our future success depends in large part on our ability to continue to profitably grow our brands worldwide and to offer other travel and travel-related services. We believe that our existing cash balances and liquid resources will be sufficient to fund our operating activities, capital expenditures, and other obligations through at least the next twelve months. However, if we are not successful in generating sufficient cash flow from operations or in raising additional capital when required, we may be required to reduce our planned capital expenditures and scale back the scope of our business plan, which could have a material adverse effect on our future financial condition or results of operations.