Through our subsidiaries, we engage in a number of diverse business activities. Our management views insurance businesses as possessing two distinct operations—underwriting and investing. The timing and amount of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results, particularly with respect to our reinsurance businesses. Generally, we consider pre-tax catastrophe losses in excess of $100 million from a current year event as significant. Our insurance businesses generated after-tax losses from underwriting, primarily attributable to major hurricanes and wildfires. We strive to generate pre-tax underwriting profits in all product lines, and the nature and extent of loss information provided under many reinsurance contracts may not differ significantly from the information received under a primary insurance contract. We expect to incur pre-tax underwriting losses from certain businesses, primarily through deferred charge amortization and discount accretion charges.

Our railroad, utilities, and energy businesses maintain very large investments in capital assets and will regularly make significant capital expenditures in the normal course of business. We forecast capital expenditures of these two operations will approximate $9.7 billion in 2018. We believe that maintaining ample liquidity is paramount, and we insist on safety over yield with respect to cash and cash equivalents. Our consolidated balance sheet continues to reflect significant liquidity and a strong capital base. We strive to maintain significant levels of shareholder capital and ample liquidity to provide a margin of safety against short-term price volatility.

We utilize a variety of techniques in establishing claim liabilities, which require significant judgments and assumptions. The period between the loss occurrence date and loss settlement date is the "claim-tail." Property claims usually have relatively short claim-tails, absent litigation, while casualty claims usually have longer claim-tails. Our claim liability estimates recorded at the end of the year increased during the period, which produced a corresponding decrease to pre-tax earnings. We modified the assumptions used to estimate liabilities to reflect the most recent frequency and severity results. Future development of recorded liabilities will depend on whether actual frequency and severity are more or less than anticipated.

We also engage in both primary insurance and reinsurance of property/casualty, life, and health risks. Our insurance and reinsurance businesses are geico, berkshire hathaway reinsurance group, and berkshire hathaway primary group. The nature of our reinsurance contracts tends to generate low frequency/high severity losses. Our processes and techniques for estimating liabilities under such contracts generally rely more on a per-policy assessment of the ultimate cost associated with the individual loss event rather than with an analysis of the historical development patterns of past losses.

In addition, our operational flexibility allows us to adapt to changing market conditions and customer needs. We focus on maintaining a strong capital base and liquidity to navigate environmental perturbations and unexpected situations. We believe that our decentralized management structure enhances our ability to respond to external pressures and fosters a culture of innovation and adaptability across our diverse business segments.