In order for our results to be more meaningful to our readers, we have separately quantified the impact of several significant items. During 2017, we incurred substantial restructuring costs to achieve a flexible and competitive cost structure. The restructuring costs were primarily related to the closure of the facility in Gosselies, Belgium, and other restructuring actions across the company. We expect restructuring actions to continue and anticipate costs of about $400 million. The increase in demand in 2017 led to challenges for certain products due to supplier constraints. Despite improvements in material flows, parts and components constraints remain across some products, which could impact the company's growth potential in 2018 as our global suppliers continue to increase production to meet demand. The improvement in end-user demand was across all regions and most end markets. Caterpillar management utilizes charts internally to visually communicate with the company's board of directors and employees. The favorable change in dealer inventories was primarily due to a decrease in 2016, compared to dealer inventories that were about flat in 2017. We believe some of the expected dealer inventory reduction is a result of increased machine availability through our factories and product distribution centers. The favorable price realization, mostly in construction industries, also contributed to the sales improvement. We expect improvement in residential, nonresidential, and infrastructure construction activities in North America to result in higher end-user demand for construction equipment in 2018. The increase in profit was primarily due to higher sales volume and favorable price realization. Period costs increased primarily due to higher short-term incentive compensation expense, partially offset by the favorable impact of restructuring and cost reduction actions over the past year. The absence of a goodwill impairment charge in resource industries in 2016 contributed to the increase in profit. We expect material costs to be higher in 2018, primarily due to anticipated increases in commodity prices. The increase in period costs was primarily due to higher short-term incentive compensation expense, targeted investments, and higher manufacturing costs to support higher production volumes. The provision for income taxes for 2017 reflects an annual effective tax rate of 27.7 percent. The effective tax rate related to 2017 full-year adjusted profit before tax was 27 percent. We believe this charge is a reasonable estimate that may change as additional required information is prepared and analyzed. The company is regulated by federal, state, and international environmental laws governing our use, transport, and disposal of substances and control of emissions. We have made, and will continue to make, significant research and development and capital expenditures to comply with these emissions standards. The company is unable to predict the outcome or reasonably estimate any potential loss; however, we currently believe that this matter will not have a material adverse effect on the company's consolidated results of operations, financial position, or liquidity. The demand for our equipment and related parts is highly cyclical and significantly impacted by commodity prices, although the impact may vary by reporting unit. Lower commodity prices or industry-specific circumstances that have a negative impact on the valuation assumptions may reduce the fair value of our reporting units. The company has received additional subpoenas relating to this investigation requesting additional documents and information. We are continuing to cooperate with this investigation.