We continue to focus on executing our system design enablement strategy to deliver the tools necessary for our customers to develop complete and functional electronic products. Our future performance depends on our ability to innovate, commercialize newly developed solutions, and enhance and maintain our current products. We must keep pace with our customers' technical developments, satisfy industry standards, and meet our customers' increasingly demanding performance, productivity, quality, and predictability requirements. Our acquisitions may increase the speed at which we can deliver innovative solutions to our customers. We have identified certain items that management uses as performance indicators to manage our business, including revenue, certain elements of operating expenses, and cash flow from operations. Our fiscal results reflect increased product and maintenance revenue resulting from overall growth in our software and IP business, particularly in Asia and Europe, and continued investment in research and development activities focused on creating and enhancing our products to maintain the pace of innovation required by our customers. Our ability to maintain this mix in any single fiscal period may be impacted primarily by the delivery of hardware and IP products to our customers. We expect that current cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investment balances, cash flows generated from operations, and cash borrowings available under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to meet our domestic and international working capital needs and other capital and liquidity requirements, including acquisitions and share repurchases for at least the next 12 months. Demand for our products and services and, ultimately, our future financial performance, is difficult to predict with any degree of certainty. Accordingly, additional actions, including further restructuring of our operations, may be required in the future. We must invest significantly in product research and development to keep pace with the latest manufacturing technology. The demand for new IC manufacturing technology directly impacts the demand for our newest products. Our operating expenses include marketing and sales, research and development, and general and administrative expenses. Factors that cause our operating expenses to fluctuate include changes in the number of employees due to hiring and acquisitions, restructuring activities, foreign exchange rates, stock-based compensation, and the impact of our variable compensation programs driven by overall operating results. We have initiated several restructuring plans in recent years to better align our resources with our business strategy. The changes in our operating expenses were primarily due to additional headcount and an increase in incentive compensation. Our restructuring plans may not achieve the benefits anticipated on the timetable or at the level contemplated. We recognize lower expenses in periods when the United States dollar strengthens in value against other currencies and higher expenses when the United States dollar weakens against other currencies. Our ability to bring to market newly developed or acquired technology may also affect our revenue. We expect our reported revenue and the amount of revenue recognized in future periods will depend on the competitiveness of our technology and the size, duration, timing, terms, and type of contract renewals with existing customers, additional sales to existing customers, and sales to new customers. Our revenue mix is expected to remain approximately 90% recognizable over time under the new revenue recognition standards. We have established a history of collecting under contracts for which the fee has been assessed as fixed or determinable without providing concessions on payments, products, or services. We exercise significant judgment to evaluate the relevant facts and circumstances in determining whether a group of contracts is a single arrangement, which could have an effect on our results of operations for the periods involved.