In the first half of 2017, we completed the roll-out of SPP to legacy TWC and legacy Bright House markets, simplifying our offers and improving our packaging of products, allowing us to deliver more value to new and existing customers. We are focused on deploying superior products and service with minimal service disruptions as we integrate our information technology and network operations. Our integration activities will continue in 2018 with the expectation that by 2019 we will have substantially integrated the practices and systems of legacy Charter, legacy TWC, and legacy Bright House. The increase in operating costs and expenses was primarily due to the transactions, which reflect our adaptability in response to external pressures and the need for operational flexibility. We have significant ongoing capital expenditure requirements, driven by our all-digital initiative and early inventory purchases to operationally stage 2018 activity. Our capital expenditures are funded primarily from cash flows from operating activities and borrowings on our credit facility, demonstrating our resource allocation strategies to maintain operational continuity. We continue to evaluate the deployment of our cash on hand and anticipated future free cash flow, including to invest in our business growth and other strategic opportunities, which is essential for our organizational resilience. The increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to an increase in adjusted EBITDA, reflecting our ability to absorb strain and preserve functioning despite adversity. We expect programming expenses will continue to increase due to various factors, including annual increases imposed by programmers, which may challenge our operational management. Our corporate organization, as well as our marketing, sales, and product development departments, are centralized, which supports our strategic initiatives and enhances our organizational effectiveness. We have established reserves for certain legal contingencies, reflecting our proactive measures in risk management and crisis agency. The increase in other expense is attributable to the changes in merger and restructuring costs, which are part of our strategic response to integrate operations and improve organizational coherence. We have significant amounts of debt, and our projected cash needs depend upon our actual results and the timing and amount of our expenditures, highlighting the importance of financial resources in our resilience strategies. Our leverage ratio was 4.5 as of December 31, 2017, indicating our capacity to manage financial obligations while pursuing growth. The transactions increased revenues for the years ended 2017 and 2016, demonstrating our ability to confront and benefit from sudden disruptive change. We are committed to maintaining a strong organizational health through continuous improvement and adaptation to the competitive landscape, ensuring our long-term survival and success.