Management monitors a variety of key indicators to evaluate our business results and financial condition, focusing on changes from year to year in certain key measures used by management to evaluate performance, such as profitability, growth, and credit quality metrics. We expect that our current trajectory, coupled with the tax act, will enable us to accelerate earnings per share growth, excluding adjusting items and assuming no substantial change in the broader economic or credit cycles. We believe that our common equity tier 1 capital ratio on a fully phased-in basis will trend toward the mid-10% range by the end of 2018. Our net income decreased primarily due to higher provision for credit losses driven by higher charge-offs in our domestic credit card loan portfolio, as well as higher operating expenses associated with loan growth and continued investments in technology and infrastructure. We continue to be in a strong position to deliver attractive growth and returns, as well as significant capital distribution, subject to regulatory approval and market conditions. 

We have established liquidity practices that are intended to ensure that we have sufficient asset-based liquidity to cover our funding requirements and maintain adequate reserves to withstand the potential impact of deposit attrition or diminished liquidity in the funding markets. Our liquidity reserves increased primarily due to the decrease in our FHLB advances outstanding and an increase in our cash and cash equivalents. The ability to draw down funding is based on membership status and the amount is dependent upon the banks' ability to post collateral. We maintain access to secured and unsecured markets through ongoing issuance, which enables us to maintain confidence in our liquidity position. 

We recognize the criticality of managing operational risk on both a strategic and day-to-day basis, and we have implemented appropriate operational risk management policies, standards, processes, and controls to enable the delivery of high-quality and consistent customer experiences. Our risk framework consists of several key elements, including establishing governance processes, accountabilities, and risk appetites, identifying and assessing risks, developing and operating controls, and monitoring and mitigating risks. The chief risk officer is responsible for establishing credit risk policies and procedures, including underwriting and hold guidelines and monitoring credit exposure and performance of our lending-related transactions. 

We employ various industry-standard market risk measurement techniques and analysis to measure, assess, and manage the impact of changes in interest rates on our net interest income and our economic value of equity. Our economic value of equity sensitivity measures are calculated based on our existing assets and liabilities, including derivatives, and do not incorporate business growth assumptions or projected plans for funding mix changes. The sensitivity analysis contemplates certain movements in interest rates and is performed at a particular point in time based on the existing balance sheet. 

We provide a variety of lending products, including credit cards, auto, home loans, and commercial loans, and our lending activities are governed under our credit policy and are subject to independent review and approval. We continuously monitor economic conditions and loan performance trends to assess and manage our exposure to credit risk. The primary indicator of credit risk in our commercial loan portfolios is our internal risk ratings, and we track delinquency and nonperforming asset rates as key metrics in evaluating the credit quality of our loan portfolio.