This report contains statements concerning the companies' expectations, plans, objectives, future financial performance, and other statements that are not historical facts. The companies make forward-looking statements with full knowledge that risks and uncertainties exist that may cause actual results to differ materially from predicted results. Factors that may cause actual results to differ include unusual weather conditions and their effect on energy sales, extreme weather events and other natural disasters, federal, state, and local legislative and regulatory developments, changes in environmental laws and regulations, and risks associated with the operation of nuclear facilities. Additionally, the companies face challenges related to fluctuations in energy-related commodity prices, counterparty credit and performance risk, global capital market conditions, and changes in demand for their services. The companies' operations are subject to risks and uncertainties that may negatively impact the timing or amounts of operating cash flows. The expected timing and likelihood of completion of proposed acquisitions, including the acquisition of Scana, and the ability to obtain requisite approvals are also factors that could impact performance. The companies' strategies are focused on maintaining operational flexibility and adapting to external pressures, including regulatory changes and market volatility. The companies evaluate the probability of realizing deferred tax assets and consider current and historical financial results, expectations for future taxable income, and the availability of tax planning strategies. The companies' ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform themselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical. The companies' operations provide a stable source of cash flow to contribute to planned levels of capital expenditures and maintain or grow dividends. The companies are also subject to various environmental regulations that can result in increased capital and operating costs. The companies' strategic initiatives include focusing on regulated and long-term contracted businesses while maintaining upside potential in nonregulated businesses. The companies expect to fund their capital expenditures with cash from operations and a combination of securities issuances and short-term borrowings. The companies' planned capital expenditures are subject to approval by regulators and the board of directors, and they may choose to postpone or cancel certain planned capital expenditures to mitigate the need for future debt financings. The companies monitor their debt covenants regularly to ensure that events of default will not occur. The companies are committed to developing non-investment-related assumptions and comparing them to forecasts from independent investment advisors to ensure reasonableness. The companies' operations are influenced by various factors, including technological advancements, human capital, and organizational learning processes. The companies recognize the importance of resilience strategies and mechanisms to maintain performance under pressure and adapt to complex situations.