The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements. We continue to focus on deploying capital through disciplined and profitable organic loan growth as well as through our quarterly dividends and share repurchase program. We expect to make additional investments in business growth initiatives, technology, analytical capabilities, our employees, and the community, resulting in higher operating expenses year over year. Our business activities are funded primarily through consumer deposits, securitization of loan receivables, and the issuance of unsecured debt. We maintain stable, diversified, and cost-effective funding sources and a strong liquidity profile to fund our business and repay or refinance our maturing obligations under both normal operating conditions and periods of economic or financial stress. In managing our liquidity risk, we seek to maintain a prudent liability maturity profile and ready access to an ample store of primary and contingent liquidity sources. We conduct liquidity stress testing regularly and ensure contingency funding is in place to address potential liquidity shortfalls. Our primary contingent liquidity sources include our liquidity portfolio and private securitizations with unused borrowing capacity. We seek to maintain sufficient liquidity to satisfy all maturing obligations and fund business operations for at least 12 months in a severe stress environment. We employ a variety of metrics to monitor and manage liquidity, including early warning indicators to detect the initial phases of liquidity stress events. The ALCO monitors the liquidity risk profiles and oversees any actions corporate treasury may take to ensure access to funding sources. The increase in employee compensation and benefits was driven by the impact of additional headcount for regulatory and compliance needs and business growth, higher average salaries, and a one-time special bonus for eligible employees. We may continue to provide additional support to our diners club licensees, which may cause us to incur losses. The licensees that we currently consider to be of concern accounted for approximately 4% of diners club revenue. The regulatory environment has increasingly focused on measures to enhance data security and incident response capabilities due to growing cybersecurity threats. The impact of the evolving regulatory environment on our business and operations depends upon various factors, including supervisory priorities and actions, our actions, actions of our competitors, and consumer behavior. We are subject to regulatory capital requirements that became effective under final rules issued by the federal reserve and the FDIC to implement the provisions under the Basel Committee's framework. The Basel III rules include new minimum and "well-capitalized" risk-based capital and leverage ratios and refine the definition of what constitutes capital for purposes of calculating those ratios. We are required to submit an annual capital plan to the federal reserve that includes an assessment of our expected uses and sources of capital over a nine-quarter planning horizon. We believe that providing an estimate of our capital position based on the Basel III fully phased-in rules is important to complement the existing capital ratios and for comparability to other financial institutions. We are subject to a CET1 capital ratio requirement under the Basel III rules. The level, composition, and utilization of capital are influenced by changes in the economic environment, strategic initiatives, and legislative and regulatory developments.