Our company was formed on March 9, 2004, and completed its initial public offering on November 3, 2004. We believe that we have operated in a manner that has enabled us to qualify as a REIT under sections 856 through 860 of the code. A significant component of our current and future internal growth is anticipated through the development of our existing space held for development, acquisition of land for future development, and acquisition of new properties. We target high-quality, strategically located properties containing the physical and connectivity infrastructure that supports the applications and operations of data center and technology industry customers. Our data center properties contain fully redundant electrical supply systems, multiple power feeds, above-standard cooling systems, and high-level security systems. We focus exclusively on owning, acquiring, developing, and operating data centers because we believe that the growth in data center demand will continue to outpace the overall economy. Our portfolio included 205 data centers with approximately 32.1 million rentable square feet, including approximately 2.7 million square feet of space under active development and approximately 1.7 million square feet of space held for development. We have developed detailed, standardized procedures for evaluating new real estate investments to ensure that they meet our financial, technical, and other criteria. We expect to continue to acquire additional assets as part of our growth strategy. We are committed to maintaining a conservative capital structure and target a debt-to-adjusted EBITDA ratio at or less than 5.5x. Our ability to grow earnings depends in part on our ability to develop space and lease development space at favorable rates, which we may not be able to obtain. Economic downturns could adversely affect our ability to maintain or increase rental rates at our properties. Our ability to re-lease expiring space at rental rates equal to or in excess of current rental rates will impact our results of operations. We continue to see strong demand in most of our key metropolitan areas for data center space. Our development activities make us particularly susceptible to general economic slowdowns and adverse developments in the corporate data center and technology industries. Changes in industry practice or technology could also reduce demand for the physical data center space we provide. We expect to incur significant tenant improvement costs to build out and develop these types of spaces. We actively pursue opportunities for potential acquisitions, with due diligence and negotiations often at different stages at different times. The dollar value of acquisitions will be based on numerous factors, including customer demand, leasing results, and availability of debt or equity capital. We may need to source alternative ways to increase our liquidity, including curtailing development activity or disposing of properties possibly on disadvantageous terms. Our management evaluates estimates based on information currently available and on various assumptions believed to be reasonable. We strive to maximize our available sources of capital while minimizing costs, and we seek to maintain a well-laddered debt maturity schedule. Our operating expenses generally consist of utilities, property management fees, insurance, and site maintenance costs, and we expect to incur additional operating expenses as we continue to expand.