We regularly evaluate the appropriateness of our reportable segments, particularly in light of organizational changes, merger and acquisition activity and changing laws and regulations. Our results of operations depend in large part on our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage healthcare costs through effective contracting with providers of care to our members and our medical management and health and wellness programs. The potential effect of escalating healthcare costs, any changes in our ability to negotiate competitive rates with our providers and any regulatory or market-driven restrictions on our ability to obtain adequate premium rates to offset overall inflation in healthcare costs may impose further risks to our ability to profitably underwrite our business. The future results of our operations will also be impacted by certain external forces and resulting changes in our business model and strategy. The patient protection and affordable care act has changed and may continue to make broad-based changes to the U.S. healthcare system, presenting us with new growth opportunities, but also introducing new risks, regulatory challenges and uncertainties. We strive to price our healthcare benefit products consistent with anticipated underlying medical trends, which we believe positions us to benefit from potential growth opportunities available through entry into new markets and expansions in existing markets. Our strategy has been to only participate in rating regions where we have an appropriate level of confidence that these markets are on a path toward sustainability, including factors such as expected financial performance, regulatory environment, and underlying market characteristics. We have continued our broad-based strategy of offering our own private exchange, Anthem Health Marketplace, to groups, while also participating in various exchanges. We believe we are well positioned to adapt with the market as it evolves. We have experienced membership growth due to the quality and pricing of our health benefits products and services, improved economic conditions, decreases in unemployment, acquisitions, entry into new markets and expansions in existing markets. However, these membership trends could be negatively impacted by various factors that could have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations such as general economic downturns that result in business failures, failure to obtain new customers or retain existing customers, premium increases, benefit changes or our exit from a specific market. We have continued to implement security enhancements since a sophisticated external cyber attack in February 2015, which gained unauthorized access to certain of our information technology systems. We believe we have adequately provided for any reasonably foreseeable outcome related to tax matters. Our financial condition and liquidity position are maintained through cash receipts from premiums, administrative fees, investment income, and other revenue, with cash disbursements resulting mainly from claims payments, administrative expenses, taxes, and other operational costs. We regularly review the appropriate use of capital, including acquisitions, common stock and debt security repurchases, and dividends to shareholders. Our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale, as well as providing us access to new and evolving technologies and products. We believe geographic and product diversity reduces our exposure to local or regional regulatory, economic and competitive pressures and provides us with increased opportunities for growth. We have a shelf registration statement on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission to register an unlimited amount of any combination of debt or equity securities in one or more offerings, which is expected to be used for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of debt and financing of possible acquisitions or business expansion.