We are an independent oil and natural gas company focused on the acquisition, development, exploration, and exploitation of unconventional, onshore oil and natural gas reserves in the Permian Basin in West Texas. Our activities are primarily directed at the horizontal development of the Wolfcamp and Spraberry formations in the Midland Basin and the Wolfcamp and Bone Spring formations in the Delaware Basin. We intend to continue to develop our reserves and increase production through development drilling and exploitation and exploration activities on our multi-year inventory of identified potential drilling locations and through acquisitions that meet our strategic and financial objectives, targeting oil-weighted reserves. We continue to focus on low-cost operations and best-in-class execution, controlling oilfield service costs as our service providers seek to increase pricing following continued strength in the oil market. To combat rising service costs, we have looked to lock in pricing for dedicated activity levels and will continue to seek opportunities to control additional well costs where possible. Our operational flexibility allows us to adapt to changing market conditions, including the ability to adjust our rig cadence in response to changes in commodity prices and overall market conditions. We have budgeted a total capital spend of $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion for 2018, which represents an increase over our previous budget, and we expect to drill and complete 170 to 190 gross horizontal wells. Our cash flows are sensitive to many variables, including the volatility of prices for the oil and natural gas we produce, which are influenced by regional and worldwide economic activity, weather, and other factors beyond our control. We monitor and adjust our projected capital expenditures in response to success or lack of success in drilling activities, changes in prices, availability of financing, and other factors both within and outside our control. If we require additional capital, we may seek such capital through traditional reserve base borrowings, joint venture partnerships, production payment financing, asset sales, offerings of debt and/or equity securities, or other means. Our future ability to grow proved reserves and production will be highly dependent on the capital resources available to us. We are committed to maintaining operational continuity and resilience in the face of external pressures, ensuring that we can confront challenges and adapt to evolving market conditions. Our strategic initiatives are designed to enhance our organizational capabilities, allowing us to absorb strain and preserve or improve functioning despite the presence of adversity. We believe that our cash flow from operations and borrowings under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund our operations through year-end 2018, but we recognize that significant additional capital expenditures will be required to more fully develop our properties. We have established a trajectory model of organizational resilience that focuses on how we project responses toward disruptive events and reconfigure our strategies to emerge stronger from challenging situations. Our operational management practices emphasize the importance of resource allocation and risk assessment to mitigate potential impacts from environmental disruptions, ensuring that we remain agile and responsive to unforeseen circumstances.