We are a leading international mining company with significant proven and probable reserves of copper, gold, and molybdenum, operating large, long-lived, geographically diverse assets. Our financial results vary as a result of fluctuations in market prices primarily for copper, gold, and molybdenum, as well as other factors. We believe that we have a high-quality portfolio of long-lived copper assets positioned to generate long-term value. We continue to manage costs and capital spending and expect to generate significant operating cash flows for further debt reduction. Our results in 2017 benefited from higher copper prices and higher gold sales volumes. We have taken actions to restore our balance sheet strength through a combination of asset sale transactions and capital market transactions. We completed approximately $6.7 billion in asset sale transactions, which resulted in net reductions of debt totaling $2.9 billion during 2017 and $4.3 billion during 2016. Our estimated consolidated recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves totaled 86.7 billion pounds of copper, 23.5 million ounces of gold, and 2.84 billion pounds of molybdenum. We continue to pursue opportunities to enhance net present values and advance studies for future development of our copper resources, the timing of which will be dependent on market conditions. Following a framework understanding reached in August 2017, the parties have been engaged in negotiation and documentation of a special license to provide long-term rights through 2041. We cannot predict whether we will be successful in reaching a satisfactory agreement on the terms of our long-term mining rights. If we are unable to reach a definitive agreement with the Indonesian government, we intend to reduce or defer investments significantly in underground development projects. Our consolidated operating cash flows vary with sales volumes, prices realized from copper, gold, and molybdenum sales, production costs, income taxes, and other working capital changes. We expect that our consolidated operating cash flows in 2018, plus available cash and availability under our credit facility, will be sufficient to fund our budgeted capital expenditures, scheduled debt maturities, noncontrolling interest distributions, and other cash requirements for the year. We have significant undeveloped reserves and resources in North America and a portfolio of potential long-term development projects. Future investments will be undertaken based on the results of economic and technical feasibility studies, and are dependent on market conditions. We continue to study opportunities to reduce the capital intensity of our potential long-term development projects. Our mining operations require significant amounts of energy, and we have entered into long-term contracts for the procurement of energy. The timing and the amount of our environmental obligations could change as a result of changes in regulatory requirements, changes in scope and timing of reclamation activities, and the settlement of environmental matters. We recognize asset retirement obligations as liabilities when incurred, with the initial measurement at fair value. Our cost estimates are reflected on a third-party cost basis and comply with our legal obligation to retire tangible, long-lived assets. We believe the underlying long-term fundamentals of the copper business remain positive, supported by the significant role of copper in the global economy and a challenging long-term supply environment attributable to difficulty in replacing existing large mines' output with new production sources.