During fiscal 2017, our growth initiatives continued to generate significant free cash flow, which we utilized to enhance shareholder value through investments in long-term growth initiatives. We continued our expansion into cloud-based solutions in our applications and decision management software segments to provide growth opportunities with customers that can benefit from the affordability and simplicity of these solutions. Our cloud bookings accounted for 24% and 26% of our total bookings during fiscal 2017 and 2016, respectively, directly demonstrating the willingness among our customers to engage our cloud-based solutions. We derive a significant portion of revenues internationally, and 36% of total consolidated revenues were derived from clients outside the U.S. during each of fiscal 2017 and 2016. Revenue fluctuations in our business are primarily driven by changes in the transactional volume and license fees, which are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties concerning timing and contingencies affecting product delivery and performance. Our calculations have varying degrees of certainty depending on the revenue type and individual contract terms. We develop estimates from discussions with our customers and examinations of historical data from similar products and customer arrangements. Differences between estimated bookings and actual results occur due to variability in the volume of transactions or number of active accounts estimated, primarily caused by economic trends in our customers' industries and regulatory factors affecting the business environment. We are organized into three reportable segments: applications, scores, and decision management software, reflecting the primary method in which management organizes and evaluates internal financial information to make operating decisions and assess performance. The increase in revenues was primarily attributable to an increase in services and transactional revenues from our SaaS products and customer communication services, driven by our continued growth in the mobile communication market. The increase in compliance solutions was primarily attributable to our acquisition of Tonbeller in January 2015. Our industry-leading business-to-business FICO scores expanded further into the larger, faster-growing U.S. consumer market, with significant partnerships enhancing our market presence. We also continue to pursue additional partners to distribute FICO scores with their product offerings sold directly to consumers. The partnership agreement with Experian continued to accelerate, providing consumers access to the FICO score that lenders most commonly use in evaluating credit. We believe these strategic initiatives enhance our organizational resilience by enabling us to adapt to changing market conditions and customer needs. Our operational management focuses on maintaining performance under pressure and ensuring organizational effectiveness through strategic resource allocation and innovation. Our financial results demonstrate a commitment to operational continuity and the ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions while maintaining a trajectory of growth and profitability. The increase in operating income and net income reflects our ability to navigate complex situations and capitalize on opportunities for transformation and adaptation in a dynamic business environment.