We emphasize effective program execution and the flexibility and agility to respond to changing circumstances in our business environment, and look for opportunities to drive cost reduction across our business. The long-term outlook for our U.S. defense business is influenced by the relevance of our programs to the U.S. military's funding priorities, the diversity of our programs and customers, our insight into customer requirements stemming from our incumbency on core programs, and our ability to evolve our products to address a fast-changing threat environment and our proven track record of successful contract execution. We do not anticipate that these continuing resolutions will have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. Our financial performance is impacted by U.S. government spending levels, particularly defense spending. The fiscal year 2018 defense budget totals $700 billion, which includes $629 billion in the base budget in compliance with the modified BCA spending caps and $71 billion for overseas contingency operations, representing an increase of more than 10% over fiscal year 2017 spending levels. We expect our continued investment in the development of new aircraft products and technologies to support the aerospace group's long-term growth. We focus on expanding operating earnings and the efficient conversion of earnings into cash. Our consolidated revenue increased in 2017 driven by higher volume across our combat systems group and increased revenue from aircraft deliveries and aircraft services in our aerospace group. Operating earnings and margin expanded at each of our business groups in 2017. The increase in the aerospace group's revenue in 2017 consisted of additional deliveries of the ultra-large-cabin G650 and mid-cabin G280 aircraft. The increase in the group's operating earnings in 2017 was due to favorable cost performance and mix of ultra-large- and large-cabin aircraft deliveries. We expect the aerospace group's 2018 revenue to increase between 2 and 3% from 2017. We expect the combat systems group's 2018 revenue to increase between 3 and 4% from 2017. The information systems and technology group's total backlog was $8.9 billion at the end of 2017, up 4.8% from $8.5 billion at year-end 2016. The marine systems group's backlog consists of long-term submarine and surface ship construction programs, as well as numerous engineering and repair contracts. The group's book-to-bill ratio exceeded one-to-one in 2017, resulting in backlog growth of 6.6% from $22.7 billion at year-end 2016 to $24.2 billion at the end of 2017. We believe we have adequate funds on hand and sufficient borrowing capacity to execute our financial and operating strategy. We generated cash from operating activities of $3.9 billion in 2017, driven primarily by net earnings. We expect capital expenditures of around 2% of revenue in 2018. The primary use of cash for investing activities in all three years was capital expenditures. We expect to continue to generate funds in excess of our short- and long-term liquidity needs. We have included in total backlog firm contracts at the amounts that we believe are likely to receive funding, but there is no guarantee that future budgets and appropriations will provide the same funding level currently anticipated for a given program. We recognize options in backlog when the customer exercises the option and establishes a firm order. The actual amount of funding received in the future may be higher or lower than our estimate of potential contract value. The estimated fair value of each of our reporting units was well in excess of its respective carrying value as of December 31, 2017. We regularly assess the probability of recovery of costs associated with contracts. The ultimate resolution of our exposure related to these matters may change as further facts and circumstances become known.