Our management team has adopted a strategic plan to transform GM into the world's most valued automotive company. We face continuing challenges from a market, operating, and regulatory standpoint in a number of countries across the globe due to, among other factors, weak economic conditions, competitive pressures, and political uncertainty. As a result of these conditions, we continue to strategically assess our performance and ability to achieve acceptable returns on our invested capital. Such a determination may give rise to future asset impairments or other charges which may have a material impact on our results of operations. We continue to monitor and evaluate opportunities to strengthen our competitive position over the long term while maintaining a strong investment-grade balance sheet. Our overall financial targets include total annual operational and functional cost savings of $6.5 billion through 2018 compared to 2014 costs, which will more than offset our planned incremental investments in brand building, engineering, and technology. We expect to sustain an ebit-adjusted margin of 10% in 2018 on continued strength of U.S. industry light vehicle sales, favorable mix of full-size trucks and crossovers relative to passenger cars, key product launches, and continued focus on overall cost savings. We continue to assess our performance, and additional restructuring and rationalization actions may be required. We believe that offering a comprehensive suite of financing products will generate incremental sales of our vehicles, drive incremental GM Financial earnings, and help support our sales throughout various economic cycles. Our liquidity plans are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including those described in the "forward-looking statements" section and risk factors, some of which are outside of our control. We continue to monitor and evaluate opportunities to strengthen our competitive position over the long term while maintaining a strong investment-grade balance sheet. These actions may include opportunistic payments to reduce our long-term obligations as well as the possibility of acquisitions, dispositions, investments with joint venture partners, and strategic alliances that we believe would generate significant advantages and substantially strengthen our business. Our management uses non-GAAP measures in its financial, investment, and operational decision-making processes, for internal reporting, and as part of its forecasting and budgeting processes. We continue to assess our performance and ability to achieve acceptable returns on our invested capital, and as we continue to assess our performance, additional restructuring and rationalization actions may be required. We believe these non-GAAP measures are useful for our investors as they allow management and investors to view operating trends, perform analytical comparisons, and benchmark performance between periods and among geographic regions to understand operating performance without regard to items we do not consider a component of our core operating performance. We have made strategic decisions to rationalize our core operations by exiting or significantly reducing our presence in various international markets to focus resources on opportunities expected to deliver higher returns.