In the third quarter of fiscal 2017, three hurricanes impacted our operations in the continental U.S., Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. Hurricane-related sales contributed approximately $662 million to net sales in the second half of fiscal 2017. We also incurred approximately $170 million of hurricane-related expenses in the second half of fiscal 2017. The increase in net sales in fiscal 2017 primarily reflected the impact of positive comparable sales driven by increased customer transactions and average ticket growth. The modest decline in gross profit margin for fiscal 2017 reflected the impact of lower margin hurricane-related sales and higher shrink, partially offset by benefits from our supply chain. Our operating expenses included approximately $170 million of hurricane-related expenses. We believe the percentage relationship between net sales and major categories in our consolidated statements of earnings, as well as the percentage change in the associated dollar amounts, are relevant to an evaluation of our business. The increase in comparable sales reflected a number of factors, including the execution of our strategy and broad-based growth across our stores and online. Our comparable customer transactions increased 2.2% during fiscal 2017. Further, our comparable average ticket increased 4.5% in fiscal 2017, due in part to strong sales in big ticket purchases in certain merchandising departments. The increase in earnings resulted from higher comparable sales and expense leverage in both fiscal years. Cash flow generated from operations provides us with a significant source of liquidity. Our operating cash flows result primarily from cash received from our customers, offset by cash payments we make for products and services, employee compensation, operations, and occupancy costs. We believe that our current cash position, access to the long-term debt capital markets, and cash flow generated from operations should be sufficient not only for our operating requirements but also to enable us to complete our capital expenditure programs and fund dividend payments, share repurchases, and any required long-term debt payments through the next several fiscal years. In addition, we have funds available from our commercial paper programs and the ability to obtain alternative sources of financing. We define return on invested capital (ROIC) as net operating profit after tax (NOPAT) for the most recent twelve-month period, divided by the average of beginning and ending long-term debt and equity for the most recent twelve-month period. We assess our sales performance by evaluating both net sales and comparable sales. The increase in comparable sales reflected a number of factors, including the execution of our strategy, improved strength across our business, and an improved U.S. home improvement market. Our self-insured retention or deductible for each claim involving general liability, workers' compensation, and automobile liability is limited to $25 million, $1 million, and $1 million, respectively. We have established liabilities for certain losses related to general liability, workers' compensation, employee group medical, and automobile claims for which we are self-insured. The estimated liabilities are reviewed by management and third-party actuaries on a regular basis to ensure that they are appropriate. We believe that the retail inventory method provides an inventory valuation which approximates cost and results in valuing our inventory at the lower of cost or market. The evaluation for long-lived assets is performed at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows, which is generally the individual store level. Our cash flow projections look several years into the future and include assumptions on variables such as future sales and operating margin growth rates, economic conditions, market competition, and inflation.