In October 2017, the company announced the results of a comprehensive portfolio review which included the announcement of our intent to spin-off our homes and global distribution business, as well as our transportation systems business, into two stand-alone, publicly traded companies. We believe our ability to consistently grow earnings derives from the consistent, rigorous deployment of the Honeywell operating system as well as a long history of identifying and investing in productivity initiatives. Our refocused strategy and investments are intended to take better advantage of our core technological and software strengths in high growth businesses that participate in six attractive industrial end markets. Each of these end markets is characterized by favorable global mega-trends including energy efficiency, infrastructure investment, urbanization, and safety. Our 2018 areas of focus include driving profitable organic growth through R&D and technological excellence to deliver innovative products that customers value and expansion and localization of our footprint in high growth regions. We are executing on our strategy to become a software-industrial company, which for us means products and services that facilitate the connected plane, home, building, and factory. We continuously assess the relative strength of each business in our portfolio as to strategic fit, market position, profit, and cash flow contribution in order to upgrade our combined portfolio and identify business units that will most benefit from increased investment. We also identify businesses that do not fit into our long-term strategic plan based on their market position, relative profitability, or growth potential. These businesses are considered for potential divestiture, restructuring, or other repositioning actions subject to regulatory constraints. Our consolidated results are principally impacted by changes in global economic growth rates and industry conditions and demand in our key end markets, the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, and the extent to which cost savings from productivity actions are able to offset or exceed the impact of material and non-material inflation. We expect our primary cash requirements in 2018 to include capital expenditures for growth, production, and capacity expansion, share repurchases, and strategic acquisitions. We plan to continue to pay quarterly dividends in 2018 and expect cash spending for asbestos claims and environmental remediation costs. Our emphasis is primarily on safety of principal and secondarily maximizing yield of those funds. We monitor the third-party depository institutions that hold our cash and cash equivalents on a daily basis. We also have a current shelf registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission under which we may issue additional debt securities, common stock, and preferred stock that may be offered in one or more offerings on terms to be determined at the time of the offering. We are committed to managing our businesses to maximize operating cash flows as the primary source of liquidity, and we believe that cash balances and operating cash flow will continue to be our principal source of liquidity. The company continues to manage its businesses to maximize operating cash flows as the primary source of liquidity, and we believe that our operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our future operating cash needs.