Management's discussion and analysis highlights that our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. The ongoing operation and availability of our information technology and communication systems and those of our external service providers is becoming increasingly important. We face risks associated with the hosting, collection, use, and retention of personal customer information and data, prompting significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities. We implemented additional security measures in our products and began working with state governments to share information regarding suspicious filings while continuing to share such information with the federal government. Our business is subject to significant seasonality, and we believe this seasonality is likely to continue in the future. The industry in which we operate is dynamic and highly competitive, characterized by rapid technological change, shifting customer needs, and frequent new product introductions and enhancements. Competitive interest and expertise in many of the markets we serve have grown markedly over the past few years, and we expect this trend to continue. We are investing significant resources in our product development, marketing, and sales capabilities to remain competitive and continue to grow. Our strategic focus on connected services reflects our adaptation to the changing landscape, where customers increasingly demand and embrace the benefits of connected services. The transition to offering more connected services necessitates operational flexibility and the ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions. We track certain non-financial drivers of revenue growth, including customer growth and retention, which are critical to our organizational effectiveness. Our financial results indicate that connected services revenue as a percentage of our total revenue is expected to continue to grow, demonstrating our resilience in adapting to market demands. The increase in operating income and net income from continuing operations reflects our ability to maintain performance under pressure, despite higher costs and expenses. We continue to assess our operational resources and make strategic decisions to enhance our organizational capabilities, ensuring that we can confront challenges and leverage opportunities for growth. Our liquidity profile enables us to respond nimbly to opportunities for acquisitions or strategic relationships, which is essential for sustaining our competitive advantage. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents, investments, and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet anticipated working capital needs and other liquidity requirements associated with our operations for at least the next 12 months. The assessment of our deferred tax assets and the establishment of valuation allowances reflect our proactive measures in managing uncertainties and potential risks. Overall, our organizational resilience is demonstrated through our strategic initiatives, resource allocation, and commitment to innovation, ensuring that we can adapt and thrive in a turbulent business environment.