Open surgery remains the predominant form of surgery and is used in almost every area of the body. However, the large incisions required for open surgery create trauma to patients, typically resulting in longer hospitalization and recovery times, increased hospitalization costs, and additional pain and suffering relative to minimally invasive surgery (MIS), where MIS is available. For over three decades, MIS has reduced trauma to patients by allowing selected surgeries to be performed through small ports rather than large incisions. The da Vinci surgical systems enable surgeons to extend the benefits of MIS to many patients who would otherwise undergo a more invasive surgery by using computational, robotic, and imaging technologies to overcome many of the limitations of conventional MIS. Our technology is designed to provide surgeons with a range of motion of MIS instruments in the surgical field analogous to the motions of a human wrist, while filtering out the tremor inherent in a surgeon's hand. We focus our organization and investments on developing, marketing, and training for those products and targeted procedures where da Vinci can bring patient value relative to alternative treatment options and/or economic benefit to healthcare providers. The growth of instrument and accessory revenue largely reflects continued procedure adoption. Service revenue growth has been driven by the growth of the base of installed da Vinci surgical systems. The installed base of da Vinci surgical systems grew 13% to approximately 4,409 at December 31, 2017. We believe that our leasing program has been effective and well-received, and we are willing to expand it based on customer demand, including offering more flexible options such as variable lease payments. We have made substantial investments in our commercial operations, product development activities, facilities, and intellectual property. We expect that our OUS procedures and revenue will make up a greater portion of our business in the long term. The adoption of da Vinci surgery has the potential to grow for those procedures that offer greater patient value than non-da Vinci alternatives, within the prevailing economics of healthcare providers. We believe growth in these global markets is being driven by increased acceptance among surgeons and health systems, supported by expanded global evidence validating the clinical and economic value of da Vinci procedures. Our strategy is to provide hospitals with attractive clinical and economic solutions in each of these procedure categories. We believe that growth in da Vinci hernia repair reflects improved clinical outcomes within certain patient populations, as well as potential cost benefits relative to certain alternative treatments. We expect a large portion of hernia repairs will continue to be performed via different modalities of surgery. Future demand for da Vinci surgical systems will be impacted by factors including hospital response to the evolving healthcare environment under the current U.S. administration, procedure growth rates, hospital consolidation trends, evolving system utilization and point of care dynamics, capital replacement trends, additional reimbursements in various global markets, and the timing of when we receive regulatory clearance in our other OUS markets for our Xi surgical system and related instruments. We believe that cash generation is one of our fundamental strengths and provides us with substantial financial flexibility in meeting our operating, investing, and financing needs. We believe the cash flows provided by our operations will meet our liquidity needs for the foreseeable future.