We believe our integrated business model strengthens our route-to-market and provides opportunities for net sales and profit growth through the alignment of the economic interests of our brand ownership and our manufacturing and distribution businesses. Our integrated business model enables us to be more flexible and responsive to the changing needs of our large retail customers and allows us to more fully leverage our scale and reduce costs by creating greater geographic manufacturing and distribution coverage. We are impacted by shifting consumer demographics and needs, and we believe marketing and product innovations that target fast-growing population segments could drive market growth. The completion of the bai brands merger will allow us to continue distribution and capture additional growth as a result of this key trend. We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate variability in the expected future cash flows associated with certain third-party and intercompany transactions denominated in currencies other than our functional currencies. We use derivative instruments such as foreign exchange forward contracts to mitigate a portion of our exposure in these expected future cash flows to changes in foreign exchange rates. Our beverage sales are generally higher during the warmer months and can be influenced by the timing of holidays as well as weather fluctuations. We believe the North American beverage market is influenced by certain key trends and uncertainties, including increased health consciousness and changes in consumer preferences, which have created category headwinds for a number of our products during recent years. The costs of a substantial portion of the raw materials used in the beverage industry are dependent on commodity prices, and commodity price volatility has, from time to time, exerted pressure on industry margins and operating results. We believe that the ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from challenging situations is critical for maintaining organizational resilience. Our completion of the bai brands merger on January 31, 2017, will allow us to continue distribution and capture additional growth as a result of this key trend. We believe brand owners and bottling companies will continue to create new products and packages that address changes in consumer tastes and preferences. As retailers continue to consolidate, we believe they will support consumer product companies that can provide an attractive portfolio of products, a strong value proposition, and efficient delivery. We believe that our operating cash flows and cash on hand will be sufficient to meet our anticipated obligations for the next twelve months. To the extent that our operating cash flows are not sufficient to meet our liquidity needs, we may utilize amounts available under our financing arrangements, if necessary. We have shown a disciplined approach to strategic investments in certain allied brands to enhance our position in premium and high-growth categories and strengthen our existing distribution partnerships. We may continue to make future equity investments in allied brands and/or acquisitions of regional bottling companies, distributors, and/or distribution rights to further extend our geographic coverage. Our cash balances are used to fund working capital requirements, scheduled debt and interest payments, capital expenditures, income tax obligations, dividend payments, and repurchases of our common stock. We believe that the following events, trends, and uncertainties may also impact liquidity, including our integration of bai brands following the completion of the bai brands merger and future mergers or acquisitions of regional bottling companies.