The demand for our products and our revenue levels are driven by our customers' needs to solve the process challenges that they face as they adopt new technologies required to fabricate advanced integrated circuits. Our earnings will depend not only on our revenue levels but also on the amount of research and development spending required to meet our customers' technology roadmaps. We have maintained production volumes and capacity to meet anticipated customer requirements and remain at risk of incurring significant inventory-related and other restructuring charges if business conditions deteriorate. The timing for our customers in ordering and taking delivery of process control and yield management equipment is determined by their requirements to meet the next generation production ramp schedules and the timing for capacity expansion to meet end customer demand. Our future operating results will depend significantly on our ability to produce products and provide services that have a competitive advantage in our marketplace. We believe that we must continue to make substantial and focused investments in our research and development. Our liquidity is affected by many factors, some of which are based on the normal ongoing operations of the business, and others of which relate to the uncertainties of global and regional economies and the semiconductor and the semiconductor equipment industries. We believe that cash generated from operations, together with the liquidity provided by existing cash and cash equivalents balances and our unfunded revolving credit facility, will be sufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements associated with working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividends, stock repurchases, and other contractual obligations. We are subject to the possibility of losses from various contingencies, and considerable judgment is necessary to estimate the probability and amount of any loss from such contingencies. Our products, services, and expertise are used by our customers to measure, detect, analyze, and resolve critical product defects that arise in that environment in order to control nanometric level manufacturing processes. The accounting policies that reflect our more significant estimates, judgments, and assumptions are critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. We regularly review relative selling prices and maintain internal controls over the establishment and updates of these estimates. Our gross margin fluctuates with revenue levels and product mix and is affected by variations in costs related to manufacturing and servicing our products, including our ability to scale our operations efficiently and effectively in response to prevailing business conditions. We are also subject to the cyclical capital spending that has historically characterized the semiconductor and semiconductor-related industries. The timing, length, intensity, and volatility of the capacity-oriented capital spending cycles of our customers are unpredictable. Our customer base continues to become more highly concentrated over time, thereby increasing the potential impact of a sudden change in capital spending by a major customer on our revenues and profitability. We are committed to product development in new and emerging technologies as we address the yield challenges our customers face at future technology nodes. Our future effective income tax rate depends on various factors, such as tax legislation, the geographic composition of our pre-tax income, and the effectiveness of our tax planning strategies. We maintain guarantee arrangements available through various financial institutions to fund guarantees to customs authorities for value-added tax and other operating requirements of our subsidiaries in Europe and Asia.