Throughout this MD&A, we refer to financial measures that have not been calculated in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S., or GAAP, and are therefore referred to as non-GAAP financial measures. We believe these measures provide our investors with additional information about our underlying results and trends, as well as insight into some of the financial measures used to evaluate management. In operating our business, we seek to manage our portfolio to balance growth, profit margin, and cash flow, invest in our brands, innovation, and growth initiatives, deliver sustainable cost reductions, and provide disciplined capital management to improve return on invested capital and return cash to shareholders. We are subject to risks and uncertainties, which can affect our business operations and financial results. The 2018 global restructuring program will reduce our structural cost base by streamlining and simplifying the company's manufacturing supply chain and overhead organization. The program will make our overhead organization structure and manufacturing supply chain less complex and more efficient. The restructuring is expected to impact all of our business segments and our organizations in all major geographies. Workforce reductions are expected to be in the range of 5,000 to 5,500. We expect to generate savings of $50 to $70 in 2018. In 2018, we plan to continue to execute our global business plan strategies, which include a focus on targeted growth initiatives, innovation and brand building, cost savings programs, and shareholder-friendly capital allocation. We expect net sales to increase 1 to 2 percent. We anticipate changes in foreign currency exchange rates to have a neutral to 1 percent positive impact on net sales, and the acquisition of our joint venture in India should benefit sales slightly. We expect organic sales to increase approximately 1 percent, driven by higher sales volumes. Changes in net selling prices and product mix are expected to be similar, or up slightly, year-on-year. We expect adjusted operating profit growth of 2 to 5 percent. The effective tax rate of 25.9 percent in 2017 decreased compared to 30.6 percent in 2016. The rate in 2017 included a net benefit as a result of U.S. tax reform and related activity. The comparison benefited from volume growth, $450 of force cost savings, and lower marketing, research, and general spending, mostly offset by lower net selling prices and input cost inflation. The 2018 global restructuring program is expected to be completed by the end of 2020, with total costs anticipated to be $1.7 billion to $1.9 billion pre-tax. Annual pre-tax savings from the restructuring are expected to be $500 to $550 by 2021. We expect inflation in key cost inputs of $300 to $400. We anticipate the majority of the inflation to occur in international markets. We maintain a $2.0 billion revolving credit facility which expires in 2021. This facility, currently unused, supports our commercial paper program and would provide liquidity in the event our access to the commercial paper markets is unavailable for any reason. Management believes that our ability to generate cash from operations and our capacity to issue short-term and long-term debt are adequate to fund working capital, capital spending, payment of dividends, pension plan contributions, and other needs for the foreseeable future. The assumptions used as a basis for the forward-looking statements include many estimates that depend on the achievement of future cost savings and projected volume increases. Many factors outside our control could affect the realization of these estimates.