As an energy infrastructure owner and operator in multiple facets of the various U.S. and Canadian energy industries and markets, we examine a number of variables and factors on a routine basis to evaluate our current performance and our prospects for the future. To mitigate risk of reduced volumes and prices, we generally attempt to negotiate contracts with longer terms, with higher per-unit pricing and for a greater percentage of our available capacity. Our business model is built to support two principal objectives: helping customers by providing safe and reliable natural gas, liquids products, and bulk commodity transportation, storage, and distribution, and creating long-term value for our shareholders. The revenues from our assets are primarily received under contracts with terms that are fixed for various and extended periods of time. Our midstream assets provide gathering and processing services for natural gas and gathering services for crude oil, which are mostly fee-based and affected by the volumes of natural gas made available to our systems. As contracts expire, we have additional exposure to the longer-term trends in supply and demand for natural gas. We monitor the amount of capital we expend in relation to the amount of production that we expect to add, and our production during any period is an important measure. We also provide services based on various arrangements that help us manage the extent to which each shares in the potential risks and benefits of changing commodity prices. Our liquids terminals business is less sensitive to short-term changes in supply and demand due to long-term contracts that require the customer to pay regardless of whether they use the capacity. Weather-related factors such as hurricanes, floods, and droughts may impact our facilities and access to them, affecting profitability for limited periods or, in rare cases, for longer periods. We engage in a hedging program that utilizes derivative contracts to mitigate our exposure to fluctuations in energy commodity prices and foreign currency exposure. Our operational flexibility is enhanced by our ability to adapt to changing market conditions and to manage our resources effectively. We believe that certain accounting policies are of more significance in our consolidated financial statement preparation process, and we routinely evaluate estimates utilizing historical experience and consultation with experts. Our financial position is influenced by various factors, including our ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform ourselves to emerge stronger from challenging situations. The success of our operations and our ability to maintain performance under pressure is contingent upon our strategic initiatives and the resilience strategies we implement. We also focus on maintaining organizational health through effective resource allocation, stakeholder engagement, and inter-organizational collaboration, which are critical in navigating complex situations and ensuring operational continuity.