We operate in an environment characterized by both increasing complexity in global security and continuing economic pressures in the U.S. and globally. A significant component of our strategy in this environment is to focus on program execution, improving the quality and predictability of the delivery of our products and services, and placing security capability quickly into the hands of our U.S. and international customers at affordable prices. Recognizing that our customers are resource constrained, we are endeavoring to develop and extend our portfolio domestically in a disciplined manner with a focus on adjacent markets close to our core capabilities, as well as growing our international sales. We also expect to continue to invest in technologies to fulfill new mission requirements for our customers and invest in our people so that we have the technical skills necessary to succeed without limiting our ability to return a substantial portion of our free cash flow to our investors in the form of dividends and share repurchases. We anticipate that our programs could be materially reduced, extended, or terminated as a result of the U.S. government's continuing assessment of priorities, changes in government priorities, or other budget cuts. The investments and acquisitions we have made in recent years have sought to align our businesses with what we believe are the most critical national priorities and mission areas. Our key programs continue to be supported and funded despite the continuing resolution financing mechanism. However, during periods covered by continuing resolutions or until the regular appropriation bills are passed, we may experience delays in procurement of products and services due to lack of funding, and those delays may affect our results of operations. Our outlook for 2018 assumes the U.S. government continues to support and fund our key programs, consistent with the government fiscal year 2018 budget. We expect our cash from operations will continue to be sufficient to support our operations and anticipated capital expenditures for the foreseeable future. We also have access to credit markets, if needed, for liquidity or general corporate purposes. We plan to fund these contributions using a mix of cash on hand and commercial paper. While we do not anticipate a need to do so, our capital structure and resources would allow us to issue new debt if circumstances change. We have a balanced cash deployment strategy to enhance stockholder value and position ourselves to take advantage of new business opportunities when they arise. Our consolidated results of operations were as follows: net sales $51,048 million, operating profit $5,921 million, and net earnings from continuing operations $1,929 million. We have generated strong operating cash flows, which have been the primary source of funding for our operations, capital expenditures, debt service and repayments, dividends, share repurchases, and postretirement benefit plan contributions. We expect our 2018 FAS pension expense to be $1.4 billion; comparable to our 2017 FAS pension expense of $1.4 billion. The impact of the lower FAS discount rate of 3.625% for 2018 versus 4.125% for 2017 was mostly offset by our actual rate of investment return in 2017 of approximately 13.00% versus our expected long-term rate of return of 7.50%. We will make contributions of $5.0 billion to our qualified defined benefit pension plans in 2018, including required and discretionary contributions. We have a number of programs that are designated as classified by the U.S. government which cannot be specifically described. The operating results of these classified programs are included in our consolidated and business segment results and are subjected to the same oversight and internal controls as our other programs.