We believe minimizing our capital investments and adopting a strategy of recycling our investments maximizes and maintains our financial flexibility. Our emphasis on long-term management contracts and franchising tends to provide more stable earnings in periods of economic softness, while adding new hotels to our system generates growth, typically with little or no investment by the company. We strive to effectively leverage our size and broad distribution. We, along with owners and franchisees, continue to invest in our brands by means of new, refreshed, and reinvented properties, new room and public space designs, and enhanced amenities and technology offerings. Our profitability, as well as that of owners and franchisees, has benefited from our approach to property-level and above-property productivity. Managed properties in our system continue to maintain very tight cost controls. We also control above-property costs, some of which we allocate to hotels, by remaining focused on systems, processing, and support areas. Our 2017 full-year results reflected a year-over-year increase in the number of properties in our system, including those from the Starwood combination, favorable demand for our brands in many markets around the world, and slow but steady economic growth. We monitor market conditions and provide the tools for our hotels to price rooms daily in accordance with individual property demand levels, generally adjusting room rates as demand changes. Our hotels modify the mix of business to improve revenue as demand changes. For our company-operated properties, we continue to focus on enhancing property-level house profit margins and making productivity improvements. In 2017, we reached new multi-year agreements to amend our relationships with JP Morgan Chase and American Express for our U.S.-issued, co-brand credit cards associated with our loyalty programs. We expect that these agreements will have a favorable impact on our total revenues beginning in 2018. We continue to enhance the appeal of our proprietary, information-rich, and easy-to-use websites, and of our associated mobile smartphone applications, through functionality and service improvements. We remain focused on doing the things that we do well; that is, selling rooms, taking care of our guests, and making sure we control costs both at company-operated properties and at the corporate level. We believe RevPAR, which we calculate by dividing room sales for comparable properties by room nights available for the period, is a meaningful indicator of our performance because it measures the period-over-period change in room revenues for comparable properties. Our profitability has benefited from our approach to property-level and above-property productivity. We also believe company-operated house profit margin, which is the ratio of property-level gross operating profit to total property-level revenue, is a meaningful indicator of our performance because this ratio measures our overall ability as the operator to produce property-level profits by generating sales and controlling the operating expenses over which we have the most direct control. Our strategy has driven substantial growth while minimizing financial leverage and risk in a cyclical industry. We expect to continue meeting part of our financing and liquidity needs, primarily through commercial paper borrowings, issuances of senior notes, and access to long-term committed credit facilities. We monitor the status of the capital markets and regularly evaluate the effect that changes in capital market conditions may have on our ability to execute our announced growth plans. If conditions in the lodging industry deteriorate, or if disruptions in the capital markets take place, we may be unable to place some or all of our commercial paper on a temporary or extended basis and may have to rely more on borrowings under the credit facility.