The company's fiscal year begins on April 1 and ends on March 31. We conduct our business through two reportable segments: McKesson Distribution Solutions and McKesson Technology Solutions. Revenues for 2018 and 2017 increased primarily due to market growth, reflecting growing drug utilization and price increases, our business acquisitions, and expanded business with existing customers within our North America pharmaceutical distribution businesses. These increases were partially offset by price deflation associated with brand to generic drug conversion and loss of customers. The distribution solutions segment experienced weaker pharmaceutical manufacturer pricing trends over the last three years. Our distribution solutions segment's gross profit increased primarily due to market growth, procurement benefits realized through joint sourcing, higher inventory credits, and our business acquisitions. These increases were partially offset by significant government reimbursement reductions in the U.K., the competitive sell-side pricing environment, and our mix of business. We recorded total non-cash goodwill impairment charges for our McKesson Europe and Rexall Health reporting units. The charges were recorded within our distribution solutions segment, and there were no tax benefits associated with these goodwill impairment charges. We also recorded non-cash pre-tax long-lived asset impairment charges and pre-tax restructuring charges primarily representing employee severance and lease exit costs for our McKesson Europe business. Our investment in Change Healthcare is accounted for using the equity method of accounting, and during 2018, we recorded our proportionate share of loss from Change Healthcare under the caption "loss from equity method investment in Change Healthcare." We expect to record total pre-tax restructuring charges for our McKesson Europe business, which primarily consist of lease termination and other exit costs. The strategic growth initiative announced focuses on creating innovative new solutions that improve patient care delivery and drive incremental profit growth, including a comprehensive review of the company's operations and cost structure designed to increase efficiency, accelerate execution, and improve long-term performance. We have established a foundation to provide opioid education and address policy issues, which reflects our commitment to operational continuity and organizational health. Our ongoing consideration of various factors could result in further impairment charges in the future, which could adversely affect our net income. We believe that our operating cash flow, financial assets, and current access to capital and credit markets will give us the ability to meet our financing needs for the foreseeable future. However, there can be no assurance that continued or increased volatility and disruption in the global capital and credit markets will not impair our liquidity or increase our costs of borrowing. The company's board has authorized the repurchase of McKesson's common stock from time to time in open market transactions, which reflects our strategic response to market conditions and operational flexibility. The contractual obligations table presents our significant financial obligations and commitments, indicating our preparedness to confront future challenges. We continuously monitor outstanding receivables and other customer financing and adjust allowances for accounts where collection may be in doubt, demonstrating our proactive measures in risk management and resource allocation.