We executed business continuity and contingency plans to contain the impact, minimize damages, and restore our systems environment following a global malware incident that affected a significant portion of our global sales, distribution, and financial networks. We have now restored our main operating systems and processes as well as enhanced our system security. We believe the recovery from this incident is largely resolved, and we do not expect significant ongoing impacts or incremental expenses from this incident in future periods. We also continue to make progress on our efforts to strengthen our security measures and mitigate cybersecurity risk. Our growth strategy depends in part on our ability to expand our operations, particularly in emerging markets, which have greater political, economic, and currency volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions than more established markets. Volatility in these markets affects demand for and the costs of our products and requires frequent changes in how we operate our business. We are focused on investing in our global power brands and routes to market while we protect our margins through the management of costs and pricing. We continue to work on programs to expand our profitability and margins, such as our restructuring program, which is designed to bring about significant reductions in our operating cost structure in both our supply chain and overhead costs. We have plans to ensure business continuity during the renegotiations of collective bargaining agreements covering eight U.S. facilities that expired beginning in February 2016. We monitor consumer spending and our market share within the food and beverage categories in which we sell our products. We recognize changing consumer trends such as the increased emphasis on well-being, time compression, and wide participation across an evolving retail and digital landscape. To position ourselves for long-term growth, we are investing in our well-being and other snack offerings, product and marketing innovation, and new routes to market including e-commerce. We believe providing investors with the same financial information that we use internally ensures that investors have the same data to make comparisons of our historical operating results, identify trends in our underlying operating results, and gain additional insight and transparency on how we evaluate our business. Our operations and management structure are organized into four reportable operating segments to leverage regional operating scale, manage different and changing business environments more effectively, and pursue growth opportunities as they arise in our key markets. We have reflected the segment change as if it had occurred in all periods presented. Our regional management teams have responsibility for the business, product categories, and financial results in the regions. We continue to evaluate our variable and fixed-rate debt and expect to use existing cash or short-term borrowings to finance our estimated tax liability payable through 2026. We regularly monitor worldwide supply, commodity cost, and currency trends to secure ingredients, packaging, and fuel required for production cost-effectively. We address higher commodity costs and currency impacts primarily through hedging, higher pricing, and manufacturing and overhead cost control. We expect price volatility and a slightly higher aggregate cost environment to continue. We believe there will continue to be an adequate supply of the raw materials we use and that they will generally remain available from numerous sources.