The company continues to evaluate the segment performance and allocate resources and may adjust related measurements in the future to better reflect segment profitability. Management believes that the continued volatility of the financial markets and its impact on the capital position of many competitors will continue to strain the competitive environment. We are closely monitoring political and/or economic conditions that might contribute to global market volatility and impact our business operations, investment portfolio, and derivatives. The company is well diversified across product, distribution, and geography, which enhances its ability to respond to environmental pressures and operational challenges. We believe that the aforementioned factors have highlighted financial strength, technology efficiency, and organizational agility as the most significant differentiators, positioning the company well to compete in this environment. The company has established several senior management committees as part of its capital management process, which regularly review actual and projected capital levels and the annual capital plan in accordance with its capital policy. The capital policy sets forth minimum and target capital levels and governance of the capital management process. The company anticipates that in the event that these arrangements place demands upon it, there will be sufficient liquidity and capital to enable it to meet anticipated demands. The company has a substantial short-term liquidity position, which includes cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments. The company manages its investment portfolio using disciplined asset/liability management principles, focusing on cash flow and duration to support current and future liabilities. The investment portfolio is heavily weighted toward fixed income investments, which are generally well suited for matching the cash flow and duration of insurance liabilities. The company applies various asset/liability management strategies, including the use of interest rate derivatives, to mitigate risks associated with changes in market conditions. The company’s primary investment objective is to optimize risk-adjusted investment income and total return while ensuring that assets and liabilities are managed on a cash flow and duration basis. The company has established a comprehensive investment risk management process to manage investment risks, including credit risk, interest rate risk, liquidity risk, market valuation risk, currency risk, and real estate risk. The company actively evaluates market risk hedging needs and strategies to ensure its free cash flow and capital objectives are met under a range of market conditions. We utilize a combination of product design, hedging strategies, reinsurance, and other risk management actions to mitigate the risks related to guaranteed benefits. The company’s liquidity management includes monitoring and adjusting its liquidity and capital plans in light of market conditions, as well as changing needs and opportunities. The company’s ability to maintain regular access to competitively priced wholesale funds is fostered by its current credit ratings from the major credit rating agencies. The company views its capital ratios, credit quality, stable and diverse earnings streams, and diversity of liquidity sources as critical to retaining such credit ratings. The company has experienced, and will likely in the future experience, catastrophe losses and possibly acts of terrorism, as well as turbulent financial markets that may have an adverse impact on its business, results of operations, and financial condition.