Our products and services help government, public safety, and commercial customers improve their operations through increased effectiveness, efficiency, and safety of their mobile workforces. We serve our customers with a global footprint of sales in more than 100 countries, based on our industry-leading innovation and a deep portfolio of products and services. We expect continued political and economic uncertainty, particularly with the United Kingdom's planned exit from the European Union and in parts of Latin America and Europe. We continue to invest in software through internal development and strategic acquisitions, as our customers increasingly demand expanded technology solutions that are delivered via software and related services. This evolving trend provides a growth opportunity for us. As communication networks have become increasingly complex, software-centric, and data-driven, we have shifted our offerings to align with this technology trend in serving our customers. We expect to continue to see growing demand for our managed and support services going forward. These service offerings help customers manage, support, and upgrade their networks as well as utilize features, applications, and data in new ways, including predictive policing, proactive support, or smarter response strategies. We believe our expertise in both public and private networks makes us uniquely qualified to provide these public safety broadband solutions to this customer base. We have now won the four largest public safety LTE network installations awarded to date and expect LTE sales to represent a larger portion of our revenue in the coming years. We remain committed to driving shareholder value with revenue growth, operating leverage, cash flow generation, and efficient capital deployment. Our framework for efficient capital deployment of cash flow from operations consists of approximately 50% for acquisitions or share repurchases, 30% for dividends, and 20% for investments in the business through capital expenditures. We expect to continue a balanced approach in allocating capital through this framework. Our share repurchase program has approximately $1.7 billion of authority available. We believe that we have adequate internal resources available to fund expected working capital and capital expenditure requirements for the next twelve months as supported by the level of cash and cash equivalents in the U.S., the ability to repatriate funds from foreign jurisdictions, cash provided by operations, as well as liquidity provided by our $2.2 billion revolving credit facility. We have recorded net reorganization of business charges relating to the separation of employees, which included charges for employee separation costs and exit costs. We have entered into contracts with customers pursuant to which the damages that could be claimed by the customer for failed performance might exceed the revenue we receive from the contract. Our obligations under divestiture agreements for indemnification based on breach of representations and warranties are generally limited in terms of duration and for amounts not in excess of a percentage of the contract value. We assess the recorded amount of goodwill for recovery on an annual basis and perform a qualitative assessment of goodwill to determine that it is not more-likely-than-not that the fair value of each reporting unit was less than its carrying amount. We continually assess whether any such events and circumstances have occurred, which requires a significant amount of judgment. We have a number of performance bonds, bid bonds, standby letters of credit, and surety bonds outstanding, primarily relating to projects with our government customers. These performance bonds normally have maturities of multiple years and are standard in the industry as a way to give customers a mechanism to seek resolution if a contractor does not satisfy certain requirements under a contract. Any future disruptions, uncertainty, or volatility in bank, insurance, or capital markets, or a change in our credit ratings could adversely affect our ability to obtain performance bonds and may result in higher funding costs to obtain such performance bonds.