We are a leading provider of trading, clearing, marketplace technology, regulatory, securities listing, information, and public and private company services. Our global offerings are diverse and include trading and clearing across multiple asset classes, trade management services, data products, financial indexes, capital formation solutions, corporate solutions, and market technology products and services. Our technology powers markets across the globe, supporting equity derivative trading, clearing and settlement, cash equity trading, fixed income trading, trading surveillance, and many other functions. Our non-transactional businesses provide technology to exchanges, clearing organizations, and central securities depositories around the world. We also offer companies and other organizations access to innovative products, software solutions, and services that increase transparency, mitigate risk, improve board efficiency, and facilitate better corporate governance. In our transactional business, we serve listed companies, market participants, and investors by providing derivative, commodities, cash equity, and fixed income markets, as well as clearing services, thereby facilitating economic growth and corporate entrepreneurship. Our business performance is impacted by a number of drivers including macroeconomic events affecting the risk and return of financial assets, investor sentiment, government and private sector demands for capital, the regulatory environment for capital markets, changing technology, particularly in the financial services industry, and changes in investment patterns and priorities. The demand for information about, or access to, our markets is dependent on the products we trade, our importance as a liquidity center, and the quality and pricing of our data and trade management services. The business environment that influences our financial performance may be characterized by rapidly evolving technology for our non-transactional businesses and their clients, increased demand for applications using emerging technologies and sophisticated analytics, and intense competition among U.S. exchanges and dealer-owned systems for cash equity trading. Our strategy consists of leveraging our market technology and information analytics expertise across our global capital markets. We expect regulation to evolve as governments and regulators respond to emerging technologies. Our diversified businesses position us well to compete in an uncertain market environment. We believe that our future will continue to be determined by our ability to satisfy our customers' evolving needs and to allocate resources in strategic areas which will yield attractive returns. We will continue to look for opportunities to further expand our business with enhanced product offerings and/or acquisitions that are complementary to our existing businesses. We are required to maintain minimum levels of regulatory capital for the clearing operations of Nasdaq clearing, which is dependent upon many factors, including market conditions and creditworthiness of the counterparty. We limit our exposure to credit risk by rigorously evaluating the counterparties with which we make investments and execute agreements. We perform sensitivity analyses to determine the effects of market risk exposures and may use derivative instruments solely to hedge financial risks related to our financial positions or risks that are incurred during the normal course of business. We are exposed to credit risk from third parties, including customers, counterparties, and clearing agents. We believe that the risk of material loss is limited, as our customers are not permitted to trade on margin and NSCC rules limit counterparty risk on self-cleared transactions by establishing credit limits and capital deposit requirements for all brokers that clear with NSCC. We are also exposed to credit risk through our clearing operations with Nasdaq clearing and have credit risk related to transaction and subscription-based revenues that are billed to customers on a monthly or quarterly basis.