We believe this acquisition will enable us to broaden our capabilities and offerings, create value for shareholders, provide expanded opportunities for our combined employees and enhance our ability to provide innovative solutions to meet our customers' emerging requirements. The U.S. and its allies continue to face a global security environment of heightened tensions and instability, threats from state and non-state actors as well as terrorist organizations, emerging nuclear tensions and diverse regional security concerns. Global threats persist across all domains, from undersea to space to cyber. The market for defense products, services and solutions globally is driven by these complex and evolving security challenges, considered in the broader context of political and socioeconomic priorities. The global economic environment also continues to be marked by uncertainty, instability and geopolitical tensions. Global economic growth is expected to remain in the low single digits in 2018, reflecting the impact of and uncertainty surrounding geopolitical tensions globally and financial market volatility. The global economy may also be affected by Britain's exit from the European Union, the impact of which is not known at this time. Global economic conditions could impact customer purchasing decisions. The U.S. continues to face an uncertain political environment and substantial fiscal and economic challenges, which affect funding for discretionary and non-discretionary budgets. Sequestration spending caps under the Budget Control Act could reduce defense spending again in FY 2018. The federal budget and debt ceiling are expected to continue to be the subject of considerable debate, which could have a significant impact on defense spending broadly and the company's programs in particular. We manage and assess our business based on our performance on contracts and programs. We recognize sales from our portfolio of long-term contracts primarily using the cost-to-cost method of percentage of completion accounting. As such, we do not focus on individual cost groupings as much as we do on total contract cost, which is the key driver of our sales and operating income. In evaluating our operating performance, we look primarily at changes in sales and operating income. Changes in sales are generally described in terms of volume, deliveries or other indicators of sales activity. Changes in margin rates are generally described in terms of performance and contract mix. Segment operating income for 2017 increased $24 million, or 1 percent, as compared with 2016 and includes higher operating income at all three sectors. The higher operating income includes a favorable estimate-at-completion adjustment at aerospace systems largely related to performance incentives. Operating margin rate decreased to 11.5 percent from 12.0 percent in 2016 principally due to lower segment margin rates at aerospace systems and mission systems, partially offset by a higher segment margin rate at technology services. The increase in net fas/cas pension adjustment is primarily due to higher cas expense and lower fas expense than in the prior year period. We endeavor to ensure the most efficient conversion of operating income into cash for deployment in our business and to maximize shareholder value through cash deployment activities. As of December 31, 2017, we had cash and cash equivalents of $11.2 billion; approximately $200 million was held outside of the U.S. by foreign subsidiaries. We believe we can obtain additional capital, if necessary for long-term liquidity, from sources such as the public or private capital markets, the sale of assets, sale and leaseback of operating assets, and leasing rather than purchasing new assets. Our asset allocation is approximately 45% equities, 35% fixed-income and 20% alternatives and we are not currently contemplating significant changes to that investment mix. We are subject to a range of claims, disputes, enforcement actions, investigations, lawsuits, overhead cost claims, environmental matters, income tax matters and administrative proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business.