Servicenow is a leading provider of enterprise cloud computing solutions that define, structure, manage, and automate services for global enterprises. We help our customers improve service quality and reduce costs while scaling and automating their businesses. We continue to invest in the development of our services, infrastructure, and sales and marketing to drive long-term growth. Our expectations for 2018 revenues, cost of revenues, and operating expenses are based on foreign exchange rates as of December 31, 2017. We expect subscription revenues to grow in absolute dollars and as a percentage of total revenues in the year ended December 31, 2018 as we continue to add new customers and upsell to existing customers. Our international operations have provided and will continue to provide a significant portion of our total revenues. Revenues outside North America represented 33% and 32% of total revenues for the years ended December 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. We expect sales and marketing expenses to increase for the year ended December 31, 2018 in absolute dollar terms as we continue to expand our direct sales force, increase our marketing activities, grow our international operations, build brand awareness, and sponsor additional marketing events. Our customer count is subject to adjustments for acquisitions, spin-offs, and other market activity. We assess collectibility based on a number of factors such as past collection history with the customer and creditworthiness of the customer. We recognize subscription revenues ratably over the contract term beginning on the commencement date of each contract, the date we make our services available to our customers. We believe billings is a useful leading indicator regarding the performance of our business. Factors that may cause our billings results to vary from period to period include the timing of contract renewals, foreign currency exchange rates, and billings duration. Our renewal rate was 97% for the year ended December 31, 2017 and 98% for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015. We expect our cost of subscription revenues to increase in absolute dollar terms as we provide subscription services to more customers and increase the number of users within our customer instances. We have historically seen an increase in marketing expenses in the quarter ended June 30, and a corresponding decrease in marketing expenses in the quarter ended September 30 due to the expenses incurred for our annual knowledge user conference. We anticipate operating expenses will continue to increase in future periods as we continue to focus on investing in the long-term growth of our business. Our expanding international operations will continue to increase our exposure to currency risks. We expect to initiate a hedging program to hedge selected significant transactions denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar in 2018. We expect to continue to incur a GAAP loss for the year ended December 31, 2018, due to increased costs and expenses including non-cash charges associated with equity awards, amortization of purchased intangibles from acquisitions, and other expenses. We expect to reach a final determination regarding our indefinite reinvestment assertion in light of the tax act within the measurement period described above. Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents, investments, and cash generated from operations. We anticipate our current cash and cash equivalents balance and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs, including the repayment of our 2018 notes, expansion of data centers, lease obligations, expenditures related to the growth of our headcount, and the acquisition of fixed assets, intangibles, and investments in office facilities to accommodate our growth for at least the next 12 months.