Throughout 2017, we further pursued our strategic plan, focused on a balanced approach of growth, increasing efficiency, and delivering a strong customer service product. Operational leverage allowed us to grow our business by providing a competitive service product to our customers while simultaneously driving productivity. We remain committed to consistently providing high levels of rail service and increasing the efficiency of our resources, thereby generating higher returns on capital and increasing shareholder value. The increases in net income for both comparisons resulted from higher income from railway operations. For 2017, a 7% increase in revenues was partially offset by a 4% rise in adjusted operating expenses. The higher percentage increases in diluted earnings per share compared with the percentage increases in net income for both years was largely the result of our share repurchase program. Our employment averaged 27,110 in 2017, compared with 28,044 in 2016, and 30,456 in 2015. We experienced an overall increase in expense compared to the prior year, reflecting higher fuel expense, incentive compensation, inflationary increases, and volume-related costs, partially offset by improved productivity and increased equity in earnings of certain investees as a result of the enactment of tax reform. In 2017, we achieved a record-setting railway operating ratio for the year, a measure of the amount of operating revenues consumed by operating expenses, and delivered approximately $150 million of productivity savings, the direct result of our commitment to achieving the targets set forth in our plan. Our strategic initiatives to increase fuel efficiency contributed to our operational flexibility, allowing us to adapt to changing market conditions. We expect cash on hand combined with cash provided by operating activities will be sufficient to meet our ongoing obligations, reflecting our organizational health and resilience in the face of external pressures. Our goal is to maintain a capital structure with appropriate leverage to support our business strategy and provide flexibility through business cycles. The timing and volume of future share repurchases will be guided by our assessment of market conditions and other pertinent factors, demonstrating our proactive measures in resource allocation. We believe the estimate of any reasonably possible loss will not have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations, or liquidity, indicating our capacity for risk management and recovery from adverse events. The 2016 decrease in expenses reflected lower operational costs driven largely from cost-control initiatives and service improvements, showcasing our ability to confront challenges and maintain performance under pressure. We expect our effective tax rate to approximate 24% on a go-forward basis, indicating our strategic foresight in financial planning. We have authority from our board of directors to issue an additional $1.2 billion of debt or equity securities through public or private sale, all of which provide for access to additional liquidity should the need arise, further enhancing our organizational resilience. The resilience strategies we employ are designed to ensure we can adapt and reconfigure our operations in response to environmental disruptions and maintain our competitive advantage in the transportation sector.