We operate primarily fee-based businesses in each of our three reportable segments. Our consolidated earnings were approximately 90 percent fee-based in 2017, and we expect the same for 2018. In 2017, our natural gas gathering and processing segment's fee revenues averaged 86 cents per mmbtu, compared with an average of 76 cents and 44 cents per mmbtu in the same periods in 2016 and 2015, respectively, due to our contract restructuring efforts to mitigate commodity price risk and increasing volumes on those contracts with higher contracted fees. Volumes gathered and processed increased across our asset footprint in our natural gas gathering and processing segment in 2017, compared with 2016, as producers experienced improved drilling economics, continued improvements in production due to enhanced completion techniques and more efficient drilling rigs. We are responding to this growing demand by constructing assets to meet the needs of natural gas processors and producers across our asset footprint, including the Williston, DJ, Permian and Powder River basins and the Stack and Scoop areas. Since June 2017, we have announced approximately $4.2 billion of additional growth projects supported by long-term primarily fee-based contracts, minimum volume commitments and acreage dedications to serve the expected growth and needs of natural gas processors and producers. Our growth strategy in our natural gas liquids segment is focused around the crude oil and NGL-rich natural gas drilling activity in shale and other nonconventional resource areas from the Rocky Mountain region through the mid-continent region into the Permian basin. We continue to evaluate opportunities to increase the capacity of our gathering and fractionation assets or construct new assets to connect supply growth from the Williston Basin, mid-continent and Permian Basin with end-use markets. We expect to fund growth projects with cash from operations, short-term borrowings and long-term debt. Our centralized cash management program provides that funds in excess of the daily needs of our operating subsidiaries are concentrated, consolidated or otherwise made available for use by other entities within our consolidated group. Our operating cash flows are affected by earnings from our business activities and changes in our operating assets and liabilities. The abundance of natural gas supply and regulations on emissions from coal-fired electric-generation plants may also increase the demand for our services from electric-generation companies if they convert to a natural gas fuel source. Our ability to make cost-saving changes in operations and the uncertainty of estimates, including accruals and costs of environmental remediation, are critical to our resilience strategies. We assess our goodwill for impairment at least annually unless events or changes in circumstances indicate an impairment may have occurred before that time. Our impairment tests require the use of assumptions and estimates such as industry economic factors and the profitability of future business strategies. We are committed to maintaining operational continuity and flexibility in our operations to adapt to changing market conditions and external pressures. Our decision to utilize short-term borrowings rather than long-term debt, due to more favorable interest rates, contributes to our working capital deficit. We do not expect this working capital deficit to have an adverse impact on our cash flows or operations. The mechanical integrity of facilities operated and our ability to control operating costs are essential for our organizational resilience. Our financial performance is influenced by various factors, including the timing and extent of changes in energy commodity prices, competition from other energy suppliers, and the impact of unforeseen changes in interest rates and economic conditions.