We have pioneered the next generation of security through our innovative platform that allows enterprises, service providers, and government entities to secure their organizations by safely enabling applications running on their networks and by preventing successful breaches that stem from targeted cyberattacks. Our platform enables our end-customers to maintain the visibility and control needed to protect their valued data and critical control systems while pursuing technology initiatives, like cloud and mobility, that grow their business. We believe that innovation and timely development of new features and products is essential to meeting the needs of our end-customers and improving our competitive position. Our growth reflects the increased adoption of our hybrid SaaS revenue model, which consists of product, subscriptions, and support. We believe this model will enable us to benefit from recurring revenues as we continue to grow our installed end-customer base. We continue to invest in and extend our platform, as we expect our application framework to introduce a new SaaS consumption model under which our end-customers will be able to rapidly implement cloud-based security applications developed by us, third-party developers, or other security vendors, without having to deploy or manage additional products. We believe that the growth of our business and our short-term and long-term success are dependent upon many factors, including our ability to extend our technology leadership, grow our base of end-customers, expand deployment of our platform and support offerings within existing end-customers, and focus on end-customer satisfaction. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. While these areas present significant opportunities for us, they also pose challenges and risks that we must successfully address in order to sustain the growth of our business and improve our operating results. Our cash flow provided by operating activities is driven in large part by sales of our products and from up-front payments for subscription and support offerings. Monitoring cash flow provided by operating activities enables us to analyze our financial performance without the non-cash effects of certain items, thereby allowing us to better understand and manage the cash needs of our business. We expect to continue such activities as our business grows. We expect our revenue to vary from quarter to quarter based on seasonal and cyclical factors. We have made significant estimates, assumptions, and judgments when valuing goodwill and other purchased intangible assets in connection with the initial purchase price allocation of an acquired entity, as well as when evaluating impairment of goodwill and other purchased intangible assets on an ongoing basis. We evaluate long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the assets may not be recoverable. Our operational activities have consisted of net losses adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes in assets and liabilities. We expect our cost of subscription and support revenue to increase as our installed end-customer base grows. The increases in personnel costs were primarily due to headcount growth, which is essential for expanding our customer service capabilities and infrastructure to support our growing installed end-customer base. We regularly evaluate current information available to us to determine whether an accrual is required, an accrual should be adjusted, or a range of possible loss should be disclosed. The actual liability in any such matters may be materially different from our estimates, which could result in the need to adjust our liability and record additional expenses.