We are a leading provider of integrated human capital management ("HCM") solutions for payroll, human resource ("HR"), retirement, and insurance services for small- to medium-sized businesses. Our strategy focuses on flexible, convenient service; industry-leading, integrated technology; and providing a comprehensive suite of value-added HCM services. We believe that investing in our products, people, and service capabilities will position us to capitalize on opportunities for long-term growth. Our continued investment in our Paychex Flex platform demonstrates our commitment to providing industry-leading solutions to our clients and their employees. Enhancements to our Paychex Flex platform included mobile-first design, which allows employers and employees full functionality of all application components, and function-focused analytics throughout the platform. We believe our leading-edge technology, along with our personalized, flexible service, will help our clients stay more connected to their employees and their businesses. Our mission is to be the leading provider of payroll, HR, and employee benefits services for small- and mid-sized companies by being an essential partner with America's businesses. We believe success in this mission will lead to strong long-term financial performance. Our financial position as of May 31, 2017, remained strong with cash and total corporate investments of $777.4 million and no debt. We anticipate that cash and total corporate investments, along with projected operating cash flows, will support our normal business operations, capital purchases, business acquisitions, share repurchases, and dividend payments for the foreseeable future. Our positive operating cash flows for fiscal 2017 allowed us to support our business growth and to pay substantial dividends to our stockholders. We continue to focus on driving growth in the number of clients, revenue, and profits while providing industry-leading service and technology solutions to our clients and their employees. We maintain industry-leading margins by managing our personnel costs and expenses while continuing to invest in our business, particularly in leading-edge technology. Our payroll processing services, the foundation of our service model, include payroll processing, payroll tax administration services, employee payment services, and regulatory compliance services. We support small-business companies through our core payroll, utilizing our proprietary, robust, software-as-a-service ("SaaS") Paychex Flex platform. Mid-market companies typically have more sophisticated payroll and benefits needs, serviced through our Paychex Flex enterprise solution set, which integrates payroll processing with HR management, employee benefits administration, time and labor management, applicant tracking, and onboarding solutions. Our HR administration services are included as part of the integrated HCM solution within Paychex Flex. We continue to strengthen our position as an expert in our industry by serving as a source of education and information to clients, small businesses, and other interested parties. We provide free webinars, white papers, and other information on our website to aid existing and prospective clients with the impact of regulatory changes. Our financial results for fiscal 2017 reflected another year of solid growth, with total revenue increasing 7% to $3.2 billion. Our strategy emphasizes operational flexibility, adaptability to market changes, and maintaining organizational effectiveness to ensure resilience in the face of external pressures and environmental disruptions.