Our business plan is designed to achieve growth while managing the risks associated with fluctuating commodity prices and changes in customer demand. We continue our focus on operational excellence, financial strength, and disciplined investment. These guiding principles have provided the base from which we have been able to execute our strategic initiatives, including improving utility operations through growth in investment in transmission and distribution and other infrastructure projects designed to enhance system reliability and resiliency and to meet customer expectations and public policy objectives. We strive to improve performance and reduce costs in order to enhance the value of our generation fleet in light of low gas prices, environmental considerations, and competitive market forces that reward efficiency and reliability. We continue to invest in transmission projects that focus on reliability improvements and replacement of aging infrastructure. We also continue to make investments to improve the resiliency of our gas and electric distribution system as part of our energy strong program. Our focus has been to invest capital in transmission and other infrastructure projects aimed at maintaining service reliability to our customers and bolstering our system resiliency. We believe the petition for an extension of the gas system modernization program is consistent with the infrastructure investment program regulations that the board approved. Our future success will depend on our ability to continue to maintain strong operational and financial performance in a slow-growing economy and a cost-constrained environment with low gas prices, to capitalize on or otherwise address appropriately regulatory and legislative developments that impact our business, and to respond to the issues and challenges described. We must continue to focus on controlling costs while maintaining safety and reliability and complying with applicable standards and requirements. We will execute our utility capital investment program, including our energy strong program, and other investments for growth that yield contemporaneous and reasonable risk-adjusted returns while enhancing the resiliency of our infrastructure and maintaining the reliability of the service we provide to our customers. We continually assess a broad range of strategic options to maximize long-term stockholder value. In assessing our options, we consider a wide variety of factors, including the performance and prospects of our businesses, the views of investors, regulators, and rating agencies, our existing indebtedness and restrictions it imposes, and tax considerations. Our primary investment opportunities are in our regulated utility business and our merchant power business. We are developing a retail energy business to sell energy, which we believe complements our existing wholesale marketing business. We cannot predict the outcome of various regulatory, legislative, and other developments that may impact our financial condition and results of operations. We continue to monitor and engage with stakeholders on significant regulatory and legislative developments. Our investments in transmission infrastructure projects and the execution of our strategic initiatives reflect our commitment to enhancing organizational resilience in the face of external pressures and environmental perturbations.