We are building our future on smoke-free products that are a much better consumer choice than continuing to smoke cigarettes. Through multidisciplinary capabilities in product development, state-of-the-art facilities and scientific substantiation, we aim to ensure that our smoke-free products meet adult consumer preferences and rigorous regulatory requirements. Our vision is that these products ultimately replace cigarettes to the benefit of adult smokers, society, our company and our shareholders. We have a range of reduced-risk products (RRPs) in various stages of development, scientific assessment and commercialization. Because our RRPs do not burn tobacco, they produce an aerosol that contains far lower quantities of harmful and potentially harmful constituents than found in cigarette smoke. The changes in our net revenues and operating income are affected by various factors, including the volume of products we sell, the price of our products, changes in currency exchange rates and the mix of products we sell. Our marketing, administration and research costs include the costs of marketing and selling our products, other costs generally not related to the manufacture of our products, and costs incurred to develop new products. We manage our business in four segments, which allows us to adapt to market demands and enhance our operational flexibility. The principal sources of funds for our company are from the receipt of dividends and repayment of debt from our subsidiaries. Our effective income tax rate for 2017 increased significantly, which reflects the impact of the tax cuts and jobs act. We recognize that unfavorable currency movements have impacted our profitability across our primary revenue markets and local currency cost bases. The increase in diluted earnings per share from our operations was due primarily to favorable volume/mix, higher pricing and lower manufacturing costs, partially offset by higher marketing, administration and research costs. Our 2018 full-year diluted earnings per share forecast assumes net revenue growth, excluding excise taxes, of over 8.0%, which reflects our strategic initiatives to adapt to changing market conditions and consumer preferences. The factors described in the risk factors section represent continuing risks to these projections, highlighting the importance of resilience strategies in navigating external pressures and maintaining operational continuity. Our transformation toward a smoke-free future is supported by our commitment to innovation and responsiveness to consumer needs, which are critical for sustaining competitive advantage in a turbulent market environment. We believe that our ability to foresee and confront sudden disruptive changes will enable us to survive, grow, and flourish in the face of adversity.