We believe that our centralized information networks, national telephone and online reservation system, the brand name "public storage," and our economies of scale enable us to meet such challenges effectively. Our self-storage operations generate most of our net income, and we believe that our earnings growth is most impacted by the level of organic growth in our existing self-storage portfolio. We plan on growing organically as well as through the acquisition and development of additional facilities. We believe that our development and redevelopment activities are beneficial to our business over the long run. However, in the short run, such activities dilute our earnings due to the three to four year period that it takes to fill up newly developed and redeveloped storage facilities and reach a stabilized level of cash flows offset by the cost of capital to fund the cost, combined with related overhead expenses flowing through general and administrative expense. We expect to continue to seek additional development projects; however, the level of such activity may be limited due to various constraints such as difficulty in finding available sites that meet our risk-adjusted yield expectations, as well as challenges in obtaining building permits for self-storage activities in certain municipalities. Our capital resources over the next year are expected to be approximately $1.2 billion which exceeds our current planned capital needs over the next year of approximately $378.9 million. Our planned capital needs over the next year consist of remaining spend on our current development pipeline, property acquisitions currently under contract, and principal repayments on existing debt. We believe that our geographic diversification and scale provide some insulation from localized economic effects and add to the stability of our cash flows. Our self-storage operations are analyzed in two groups: the facilities that we have owned and operated on a stabilized basis and all other facilities, which are newly acquired, newly developed, or recently redeveloped. We are experiencing softness in demand in substantially all of our major markets, which has led to lower move-in volumes combined with a lack of pricing power with respect to new tenants. We attribute some of this softness to local economic conditions and increased supply of newly constructed self-storage facilities. We believe that high occupancies help maximize our rental income. We seek to maintain a weighted average square foot occupancy level of at least 90%, by regularly adjusting the rental rates and promotions offered to attract new tenants as well as adjusting our marketing efforts on both television and the internet in order to generate sufficient move-in volume to replace tenants that vacate. We are taking a number of actions to improve demand into our system, including increasing marketing spend on the internet, and reducing rental rates and continuing to offer promotional discounts to new tenants. Our future rental growth will also be dependent upon many factors for each market that we operate in, including demand for self-storage space, the level of new supply of self-storage space, and the average length of stay of our tenants. We believe that our management and operating infrastructure allows us to generate higher net operating income from newly acquired facilities than was achieved by the previous owners. However, it can take 24 or more months for us to fully achieve the higher net operating income, and the ultimate levels of net operating income to be achieved can be affected by changes in general economic conditions. We expect to continue to seek to acquire properties; however, there is significant competition to acquire existing facilities and therefore the dollar value of acquisitions is unpredictable.