In addition to historical information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. Our business and operating segments are organized on the basis of products and services, and we conduct business primarily through our Qualcomm CDMA Technologies (QCT) semiconductor business and our Qualcomm Technology Licensing (QTL) licensing business. We continue to invest significant resources toward advancements primarily in support of 4G OFDMA- and 5G-based technologies as well as other technologies to extend the demand for our products and generate new or expanded licensing opportunities, including within adjacent industry segments outside traditional cellular industries, such as automotive, the Internet of Things (IoT), and networking. We expect continued growth in the coming years in consumer demand for 3G, 3G/4G multimode, and 4G products and services around the world, driven primarily by smartphones. We also expect growth in new device categories and industries, driven by the expanding adoption of certain technologies that are already commonly used in smartphones by industry segments outside traditional cellular industries. Regulatory authorities in certain jurisdictions continue to investigate our business practices, and other regulatory authorities may do so in the future. Unfavorable resolutions of one or more of these matters have had and could in the future have a material adverse effect on our business, including monetary damages or fines or other orders to pay money. We are currently in dispute with Apple surrounding what we believe is an attempt by Apple to reduce the amount of royalties that its contract manufacturers are required to pay to us for use of our intellectual property. We believe that certain licensees, particularly in China, are not fully complying with their contractual obligations to report their sales of licensed products to us. We have made substantial progress in reaching agreements with many companies, primarily in China. However, negotiations with certain licensees and unlicensed companies are ongoing. We expect our business, particularly QCT, to continue to be impacted by industry dynamics, including concentration of device share among a few companies within the premium tier, resulting in significant supply chain leverage for those companies. Decisions by companies to utilize their own internally-developed integrated circuit products and/or sell such products to others, including by bundling with other products, increase competition. We continue to invest significant resources toward advancements in 4G LTE and 5G technologies, OFDM-based WLAN technologies, wireless baseband chips, and other related technologies, which contribute to the expansion of our intellectual property portfolio. We expect that such companies, and/or governments or regulators, will continue to challenge our business model in various forums throughout the world. Our principal sources of liquidity are our existing cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, cash generated from operations, and cash provided by our debt programs. We believe our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, our expected cash flow generated from operations, and our expected financing activities will satisfy our working and other capital requirements for at least the next 12 months based on our current business plans. We continue to devote resources to working with and educating participants in the wireless value chain and governments as to the benefits of our business model and our extensive technology investments in promoting a highly competitive and innovative wireless industry.