The planning, execution, and results of our clinical programs are significant factors that can affect our operating and financial results. Our ability to continue to generate profits and to generate positive cash flow from operations over the next several years depends significantly on our continued success in commercializing eylea. We expect to continue to incur substantial expenses related to our research and development activities, a significant portion of which we expect to be reimbursed by our collaborators. Additionally, we expect to incur substantial costs related to the commercialization of eylea, dupixent, praluent, and kevzara, as well as preparation for potential commercialization of cemiplimab and other indications of dupilumab. The biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are rapidly evolving and highly competitive, and new developments may render our products and technologies uncompetitive or obsolete. The lengthy process of seeking FDA approvals, and subsequent compliance with applicable statutes and regulations, require the expenditure of substantial resources. Any failure by us to obtain, or delay in obtaining, regulatory approvals could materially adversely affect our business. We anticipate continuing to incur substantial commercialization costs for eylea, dupixent, praluent, and kevzara, as well as in connection with our late-stage antibody product candidates, including cemiplimab. Our financial results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and will depend on, among other factors, the net sales of our marketed products, the scope and progress of our research and development efforts, the timing of certain expenses, the continuation of our collaborations, in particular with sanofi and bayer, including our share of collaboration profits or losses from sales of commercialized products and the amount of reimbursement of our research and development expenses that we receive from collaborators. The amount required to fund operations will depend on various factors, including revenues from net product sales, the potential regulatory approval and commercialization of our product candidates and the timing thereof, the status of competitive products, the success of our research and development programs, the potential future need to expand our professional and support staff and facilities, the status of patents and other intellectual property rights, and the continuation, extent, and success of our collaborations. Our existing capital resources, borrowing availability under our revolving credit facility, funds generated by anticipated eylea net product sales, and funding for reimbursement of research and development costs that we are entitled to receive under our collaboration agreements, will enable us to meet our projected operating needs for the foreseeable future. We expect continued increases in our expenditures, particularly in connection with our research and development activities. The amount of funding that will be required for our clinical programs depends upon the results of our research and preclinical programs and early-stage clinical trials, regulatory requirements, the duration and results of clinical trials underway and of additional clinical trials that we decide to initiate, and the various factors that affect the cost of each trial. Our obligation to pay certain of these amounts may increase or be reduced based on relevant future events. We expect that expenses related to the filing, prosecution, defense, and enforcement of patents and other intellectual property will be substantial. We enter into research collaboration and licensing agreements that may require us to pay amounts upon the achievement of various development and commercial milestones, which, in the aggregate, could be significant, and/or royalties calculated based on a percentage of net product sales.