During 2017, we experienced the following changes in our revenue as compared to 2016: average yield increased revenue by 2.5% due to positive pricing in all lines of business. The fuel recovery fee program, which mitigates our exposure to increases in fuel prices, increased revenue by 0.4%. Volume increased revenue by 1.8% primarily due to volume growth in our large-container collection, landfill, and transfer station lines of business. We are committed to an efficient capital structure, maintaining our investment grade credit ratings, and increasing cash returns to our shareholders. Our team remains focused on executing our strategy to deliver consistent earnings and free cash flow growth, and improve return on invested capital. We believe that presenting adjusted pre-tax income, adjusted net income - republic, and adjusted diluted earnings per share provides an understanding of operational activities before the financial effect of certain items. We strive to have a number one or number two market position in each of the markets we serve, or have a clear path on how we will achieve a leading market position over time. In situations where we cannot establish a leading market position, or where operations are not generating acceptable returns, we may decide to divest certain assets and reallocate resources to other markets. The savings realized from the realignment were reinvested in our customer-focused programs and initiatives. We expect annual savings of approximately $25 million to $30 million. Substantially all of these restructuring charges will be recorded in our corporate segment. We are adjusting for the impact associated with our adoption of the tax cuts and jobs act due to the significant decrease in the federal corporate tax rate and the magnitude of the effect on our operating results. We continue to work with state and federal regulatory agencies on our remediation efforts. We believe the remaining reasonably possible high-end of our range would be approximately $177 million higher than the amount recorded as of December 31, 2017. We have incurred comparable charges and costs and have recorded similar recoveries in prior periods, and similar types of adjustments can reasonably be expected to be recorded in future periods. Our definition of adjusted diluted earnings per share may not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. We have not reduced the liabilities we have recorded for recoveries from other potentially responsible parties or insurance companies. We account for these investments using the equity method of accounting and recognize our share of income or loss and other reductions in the value of our investments in "loss from unconsolidated equity method investments" within our consolidated statements of income. We have noted examples of the residual accounting and business risks inherent in the accounting for these areas. We periodically review the status of all environmental matters and update our estimates of the likelihood of and future expenditures for remediation as necessary. Changes in the liabilities resulting from these reviews are recognized currently in earnings in the period in which the adjustment is known. We are subject to various legal proceedings, claims, and regulatory matters, the outcomes of which are subject to significant uncertainty. We analyze our litigation and regulatory matters based on available information to assess the potential liabilities. Our estimates of these liabilities require assumptions about uncertain future events. Thus, our estimates could change substantially as additional information becomes available regarding the nature or extent of contamination, the required remediation methods, timing of expenditures, the final apportionment of responsibility among the potentially responsible parties identified, the financial viability of those parties, and the actions of governmental agencies or private parties with interests in the matter.