Our fiscal year ended on October 1, 2017, and included 52 weeks. The results for fiscal 2017 continued to demonstrate the strength of our global business model and our ability to successfully make disciplined investments in our business and partners. We continue to execute on our strategy of repositioning the EMEA segment to a predominantly licensed model, which reflects our adaptability to changing market conditions. The success of our premium food offerings coupled with innovation across our coffee and tea beverage platforms drove the increase in comparable store sales. We expect continued growth through thoughtful long-term investments that create value and reward shareholders. These results are expected to be driven by our operational priorities, which include accelerating U.S. comparable store sales and driving innovation in food and beverage. We are in the process of exiting certain activities, including closing Teavana retail stores and certain Starbucks company-operated stores in Canada, which illustrates our strategic response to pressures in the market. Our strategic actions will enable us to focus on businesses and products with the highest growth potential and greatest prospect for returns. The anticipated revenue growth is expected to be in the high single digits for the underlying business in fiscal 2018, driven by comparable store sales and the opening of approximately 2,300 net new Starbucks stores globally. We believe that future cash flows generated from operations, existing cash and investments combined with our ability to leverage our balance sheet will be sufficient to finance capital requirements for our core businesses as well as shareholder distributions. We actively manage our cash and investments to internally fund operating needs and make scheduled interest and principal payments on our borrowings. Our investment portfolio primarily includes highly liquid available-for-sale securities. We have increased our commercial paper program, allowing us to issue unsecured commercial paper notes to support our operational flexibility. The combination of these changes resulted in an overall decrease in operating margin in fiscal 2017 when compared to fiscal 2016, primarily driven by increased partner investments and restructuring charges. The overall economic backdrop in Europe, coupled with the strengthening of the Swiss franc, caused ongoing unfavorable changes in consumer behavior and depressed tourism, which we are addressing through strategic initiatives. Our ability to foresee and confront sudden disruptive changes is critical for our survival and growth. We recorded restructuring and impairment charges primarily related to our strategic changes in the Teavana business, which included a partial goodwill impairment and store asset impairments. The combination of these changes reflects our multifaceted approach to maintaining organizational resilience. We are committed to leveraging existing capabilities and further building our business in support of our growth agenda. The strategic initiatives we undertake are aimed at enhancing our operational management and ensuring our organizational effectiveness amidst external pressures and market volatility. We continue to focus on enhancing our sustainability programs around coffee supply chain management through eligible sustainability projects, which aligns with our long-term objectives for organizational health and community resilience.