Schwab's operations are highly dependent on the integrity and resiliency of critical business functions and technology systems. To minimize business interruptions, Schwab maintains a backup and recovery infrastructure which includes facilities for backup and communications, a geographically dispersed workforce, and routine testing of business continuity and disaster recovery plans. The company has a comprehensive risk management program to identify and manage risks and their associated potential for financial and reputational impact. Schwab's risk management process includes risk identification and assessment, risk measurement, risk monitoring and reporting, and risk mitigation. The activities and governance that comprise the risk management process are designed to keep operational risk and operational losses within the company's risk appetite. Schwab's enterprise risk management framework incorporates its purpose, vision, and values, enabling a comprehensive approach to managing risks encountered in its business activities. The global risk committee, which includes senior executives from each major business and control function, is responsible for the oversight of risk management, including identifying emerging risks and assessing risk management practices. Schwab has established risk metrics and reporting that enable measurement of the impact of strategy execution against risk appetite. The operational risk oversight committee provides oversight of operational risk management policies and governance processes. Schwab's approach to risk management includes specific policies and procedures to identify and manage operational risk, utilizing periodic risk and control self-assessments and internal audit reviews. The company has developed policies to manage the potential for financial or reputational loss through breach of fiduciary duties to clients. Schwab's business continuity and disaster recovery plans are routinely tested to ensure preparedness for unexpected situations and disruptive events. The company has established limits and contingency funding scenarios to support liquidity levels during both normal and stressed conditions, ensuring ongoing and sufficient liquidity to meet operational needs. Schwab's capital management strategy aims to support execution of its business strategy while maintaining sufficient capital to absorb unanticipated losses or declines in asset values. The company conducts regular capital stress testing to assess the potential financial impacts of various adverse macroeconomic and company-specific events. Schwab's capital contingency plan provides action plans for certain low probability/high impact capital events that the company might face. The results of stress testing indicate potential scenarios that could stress the company's capital, including inflows of balance sheet cash during periods of very low interest rates and outflows of balance sheet cash when other sources of financing are not available. Schwab's commitment to maintaining a well-capitalized status even in stressed scenarios reflects its focus on organizational resilience. The company seeks to manage capital to a level and composition sufficient to support anticipated balance sheet growth, providing financial support to subsidiaries while meeting regulatory capital requirements. Schwab's risk management and capital strategies are designed to enhance its resilience in the face of external pressures and operational challenges, ensuring the maintenance of positive adjustment under challenging conditions.