The overall growth of our business, including contributions from acquisitions, has been the primary driver of the increase in our revenue. Our revenues are subject to fluctuations, primarily due to customer requirements, including payment terms and the timing and value of contract renewals. We experience variability in our revenue due to factors such as the timing of IP consulting projects, royalties, variability in hardware sales, and due to certain contracts where revenue is recognized when customer installment payments are due. The increase in total revenue for fiscal 2017 compared to fiscal 2016 was primarily attributable to the overall growth in our business mainly due to higher TSL revenues, hardware sales, IP consulting projects, and to a lesser extent due to revenue from acquired companies. Our growth strategy is based on building on our leadership in our EDA products, expanding and proliferating our IP offerings, and driving growth in the software security and quality market. Despite global economic uncertainty, we have consistently grown our revenue since 2005. We achieved these results not only because of our solid execution, leading technologies, and strong customer relationships, but also because of our time-based revenue business model. Our solutions help these companies overcome the challenges of developing increasingly advanced electronics products while also helping them reduce their design and manufacturing costs. Our business outlook remains solid based on our leading technologies, customer relationships, business model, diligent expense management, and acquisition strategy. We believe that these factors will help us continue to execute our strategies successfully. Our accounting policies that most frequently require us to make assumptions, judgments, and estimates, and therefore are critical to understanding our results of operations, include revenue recognition, valuation of business combinations, and valuation of intangible assets. We are required to allocate the purchase price to tangible assets, liabilities, and contingencies assumed, and intangible assets acquired in a business combination. Any residual purchase price is recorded as goodwill. Our estimates may include, but are not limited to, future cash flows of an acquired business, the appropriate discounted rate, and the cost savings expected to be derived from an acquisition. We evaluate our intangible assets for indications of impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors that could trigger an impairment review include significant under-performance relative to expected historical or projected future operating results, significant changes in the manner of our use of the acquired assets, or significant negative industry or economic trends. We expect cash from our operating activities to fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including the timing of our billings and collections, our operating results, and the timing and amount of tax and other liability payments. We proactively manage our cash equivalents balances and closely monitor our capital and stock repurchase expenditures to ensure ample liquidity. We believe that our current cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from operations, and available credit under our revolver will satisfy our routine business requirements for at least the next 12 months and the foreseeable future. The restructuring actions were undertaken to position us for future growth, reallocate resources to priority areas, and to a lesser extent, eliminate operational redundancy.