During the third quarter of 2017, certain of our properties experienced property damage and business interruption due to hurricane-related impacts in Texas, Florida, and Puerto Rico. We routinely review and evaluate acquisition opportunities based on their ability to enhance our portfolio. Our international strategy includes partnering with established real estate companies and financing international investments with local currency to minimize foreign exchange risk. We seek growth in earnings, funds from operations, or FFO, and cash flows by enhancing the profitability and operation of our properties and investments. We expand or redevelop properties to enhance profitability and market share of existing assets when we believe the investment of our capital meets our risk-reward criteria. We consider FFO, net operating income, or NOI, portfolio NOI, and comparable property NOI to be key measures of operating performance that are not specifically defined by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or GAAP. We generate the majority of our revenues from leases with retail, dining, entertainment, and other tenants, including base minimum rents, overage and percentage rents based on tenants' sales volumes, and recoverable expenditures such as property operating, real estate taxes, repair and maintenance, and advertising and promotional expenditures. Our financing strategy relies primarily on long-term fixed-rate debt. We derive most of our liquidity from positive net cash flow from operations and distributions of capital from unconsolidated entities that totaled $4.0 billion in the aggregate during 2017. We believe we have sufficient cash on hand and availability under the credit facilities and the commercial paper program to address our debt maturities and capital needs through 2018. We expect to generate positive cash flow from operations in 2018, and we consider these projected cash flows in our sources and uses of cash. A significant deterioration in projected cash flows from operations could cause us to increase our reliance on available funds from the credit facilities and commercial paper program, curtail planned capital expenditures, or seek other additional sources of financing. We routinely incur costs related to construction for significant redevelopment and expansion projects at our properties. Our share of the costs of all new development, redevelopment, and expansion projects currently under construction is approximately $0.7 billion. We expect to fund these capital projects with cash flows from operations. We have also funded most of our foreign investments with local currency-denominated borrowings that act as a natural hedge against fluctuations in exchange rates. Our business model and Simon's status as a REIT require us to regularly access the debt markets to raise funds for acquisition, development, and redevelopment activity, and to refinance maturing debt. We may also, from time to time, access the equity capital markets to accomplish our business objectives. We have a three-fold capital strategy: provide the capital necessary to fund growth, maintain sufficient flexibility to access capital in many forms, both public and private, and manage our overall financial structure in a fashion that preserves our investment-grade credit ratings. We focus on high-quality real estate across the retail real estate spectrum. We seek to accomplish this growth through attracting and retaining high-quality tenants and utilizing economies of scale to reduce operating expenses. We also grow by generating supplemental revenues from various activities, including establishing our malls as leading market resource providers for retailers and other businesses.