We are a leading provider of transparent and independent ratings, benchmarks, analytics, and data to the capital and commodity markets worldwide. Our purpose is to provide the intelligence that is essential for companies, governments, and individuals to make decisions with conviction. We strive for operational excellence, continuous innovation, and a high-performance culture driven by our best-in-class talent. Our strategy includes achieving financial targets and creating shareholder value by focusing on organic revenue growth and continuing to deliver margin expansion with a focus on operating leverage and efficiency opportunities. We aim to deliver greater customer value through deeper client and market insights, innovative solutions, stronger internal teamwork, and reliable, nimble go-to-market processes. We are committed to enhancing planning and software engineering processes to speed up the delivery of content and products, applying lean management, robotics, automation, and machine learning to streamline internal workflow and deliver productivity. Strengthening our digital infrastructure capabilities, with an emphasis on workplace services and cybersecurity, is also a priority. We uphold our commitment to a disciplined and practical risk, control, and compliance environment. Our operational flexibility is reflected in our ability to adapt to changing market conditions and customer needs, which is critical for maintaining performance under pressure. We continuously assess risks and implement strategic initiatives to mitigate potential disruptions. The integration of recent acquisitions has enhanced our analytical capabilities and offerings, contributing to our resilience in navigating complex situations and external pressures. Our focus on collaboration networks and inter-organizational collaboration supports our strategic response to environmental disturbances and fosters organizational strength. We recognize the importance of emotional resources and social capital in driving organizational health and adaptability. Our operational management practices emphasize resource allocation and utilization to ensure effective performance maintenance. We are committed to fostering a learning organization that embraces change management and strategic agility, enabling us to confront adversity and thrive in turbulent markets. Our financial position remains strong, with cash flows from operations expected to meet ongoing investments and strategic acquisitions. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents, along with cash flows from operations, will be sufficient to execute our business strategy and meet anticipated requirements for lease obligations and capital expenditures. The financial benchmarks industry is subject to increasing regulatory scrutiny, and we actively work with regulators globally to promote consistency in regulatory requirements. Our commitment to enhancing our product offerings and pursuing growth in new markets and geographies will continue to drive our organizational evolution and resilience.