The following discussion may contain predictions, estimates and other forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including those discussed under the heading entitled "risk factors." We believe we have achieved steady, long-term growth in sales and improvements in operating performance due to our competitive strengths and through execution of our value-driven operating strategy. Our selective acquisition strategy has also contributed to the growth of our business. The integration of certain acquisitions into our existing businesses combined with implementing our proven operating strategy has historically resulted in improvements in the financial performance of the acquired business. We believe that our diversified revenue base reduces our dependence on any particular product, platform or market channel and has been a significant factor in maintaining our financial performance. Our three core value drivers are obtaining profitable new business, improving our cost structure, and providing highly engineered value-added products to customers. We have regularly been successful in identifying and developing both aftermarket and OEM products to drive our growth. We are committed to maintaining and continuously improving our lean cost structure through detailed attention to the cost of each of the products that we offer and our organizational structure. The aerospace industry remains highly fragmented, with many of the companies in the industry being small private businesses or small non-core operations of larger businesses. We have significant experience among our management team in executing acquisitions and integrating acquired businesses into our company and culture. Our business strategy is made up of a value-driven operating strategy focused around our three core value drivers and a selective acquisition strategy. We believe our efforts will continue to generate strong margins and provide more than sufficient cash from operating activities to meet our interest obligations and liquidity needs. The company evaluates from time to time the appropriateness of its current leverage, taking into consideration the company's debt holders, equity holders, credit ratings, acquisition opportunities and other factors. The company may issue additional debt if prevailing market conditions are favorable to doing so. Our future leverage will also be impacted by the then current conditions of the credit markets. The company generated $788.7 million of net cash from operating activities during fiscal 2017 compared to $683.3 million during fiscal 2016, a net increase of $105.4 million. The net increase is primarily attributable to an increase in income from continuing operations and items adjusting net income for non-cash expenses and income. The change in trade accounts receivable during fiscal 2017 was a use of $54.7 million in cash compared to a use of cash of $80.1 million in fiscal 2016. The company expects its capital expenditures in fiscal year 2018 to be between $85 million and $95 million. The company incurs capital expenditures for the purpose of maintaining and replacing existing equipment and facilities and, from time to time, for facility expansion. The company has a history of making reasonably dependable estimates of allowances; however, due to uncertainties inherent in the estimation process, it is possible that actual results may vary from the estimates and the differences could be material. The company’s ability to make scheduled interest payments on, or to refinance, the company's indebtedness, or to fund non-acquisition related capital expenditures and research and development efforts, will depend on the company's ability to generate cash in the future. This is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond its control.