The company expands the product lines and services it offers by developing and commercializing its own technologies and by making strategic acquisitions of complementary businesses. The company's strategy is to augment internal growth at existing businesses with complementary acquisitions. The acquisition of Patheon provided entry into the pharmaceutical contract development and manufacturing organization market and added a complementary service to the company's existing pharmaceutical services portfolio. The company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents and future cash flow from operations together with available borrowing capacity under its revolving credit agreement will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future. The increase in operating income was primarily due to profit on higher sales in local currencies, the effects of acquisitions, and productivity improvements, net of inflationary cost increases. The company's references to strategic growth investments generally refer to targeted spending for enhancing commercial capabilities, including expansion of geographic sales reach and e-commerce platforms, marketing initiatives, focused research projects, and other expenditures to enhance the customer experience. The company recorded restructuring and other costs, net, including charges to achieve acquisition synergies, including severance and abandoned facilities costs associated with the closure and consolidation of facilities. The restructuring actions for which charges were incurred are expected to result in annual cost savings. The company evaluates segment operating performance using operating income before certain charges/credits to cost of revenues and selling, general and administrative expenses. The increase in revenue at existing businesses was primarily due to increased demand for biosciences products and bioprocess production products. The company anticipates that its operational flexibility and strategic initiatives will enable it to adapt to changing market conditions. The company’s management evaluates its estimates based on historical experience, current market and economic conditions, and other assumptions that management believes are reasonable. The company has a revolving credit facility that provides a source of funds in the event that commercial paper markets are not available. The ability of the company to make distributions in future periods will depend on the level of earnings and cash flow in various foreign jurisdictions and on the applicable tax laws in effect at that time. The company recorded a benefit from income taxes and implemented tax planning initiatives related to non-U.S. subsidiaries, which resulted in no net tax cost. The company believes that its operational continuity and strategic response mechanisms will support its resilience in the face of external pressures and environmental disruptions. The company’s cash flow from operations and its strategic planning initiatives are designed to enhance its organizational capabilities and ensure performance maintenance under challenging conditions. The company’s management believes that it can foresee and confront sudden disruptive changes to survive and flourish in a competitive landscape.