Our mission is to accelerate the world's transition to sustainable energy. We design, develop, manufacture, lease and sell high-performance fully electric vehicles, solar energy generation systems and energy storage products. We also offer maintenance, installation, operation and other services related to our products. Our production vehicle fleet includes our Model S premium sedan and our Model X sport utility vehicle, which are our highest-performance vehicles, and our Model 3, a lower-priced sedan designed for the mass market. We continue to enhance our vehicle offerings with enhanced autopilot options, internet connectivity and free over-the-air software updates to provide additional safety, convenience and performance features. In 2017, our vehicle production capability continued to scale and gain operational efficiencies, and vehicle production volume increased by 20% year-over-year. We expect automotive demand to grow as we drive demand for our vehicles by continually improving our vehicles, expanding our retail, service and charging infrastructure, and developing new electric vehicle variants. Our goal is to become the best manufacturer in the automotive industry, and having cutting-edge robotic expertise in-house is at the core of that goal. We have made significant and sustained progress in the production processes of Model S and Model X, and we will continue to improve manufacturing efficiencies. We are systematically addressing bottlenecks and adding capacity and resources in places like the battery module line where we have experienced constraints. We are also making strides in other aspects of our vehicle production, deliveries and customer infrastructure, including lowering the cost of manufacturing our vehicles due to economies of scale and more efficient manufacturing and equipment utilization. We expect to continue to lower the cost of manufacturing our vehicles and improve product reliability. We are also making progress with our self-driving technology, which has enabled a step-change improvement in the collection and analysis of data and fundamentally enhanced its machine learning capabilities. We are continuing to reduce customer acquisition costs of our energy generation products and have prioritized projects for cash generation and profitability. We expect energy storage products to experience significant growth, with our aim being to at least triple our sales. We are ramping up production for these products at our Gigafactory 1 over the next several quarters. Our sources of liquidity and cash flows enable us to fund ongoing operations, research and development projects, investments in tooling and manufacturing equipment for the production ramp of Model 3, and the continued expansion of our retail stores, service centers, mobile repair services and supercharger network. We continually evaluate our capital expenditure needs and may raise additional capital to fund the rapid growth of our business. We expect that our current sources of liquidity together with our projection of cash flows from operating activities will provide us with adequate liquidity over at least the next 12 months. We believe that our unique features, constant innovation, and growing brand will continue to generate incremental demand for our vehicles. Our ultimate ability to meet production targets will require us to resolve the types of challenges that are typical of a production ramp. We are committed to maintaining operational flexibility and adapting to environmental perturbations while ensuring the integrity and performance of our operations.