The railroad, along with its subsidiaries and rail affiliates, is our one reportable business segment. We continued our focus on safety to reduce risk and eliminate incidents for our employees, our customers, and the public. Our safety results reflect our employees' dedication to our safety initiatives and our efforts to further engage the workforce through programs such as courage to care, total safety culture, and up way (our continuous improvement culture). In 2018, we will continue to align resources with customer demand, maintain an efficient network, and ensure surge capability of our assets. We will continue using a multi-faceted approach to safety, utilizing technology, risk assessment, training, and employee engagement, quality control, and targeted capital investments. Our capital plan may be revised if business conditions warrant or if new laws or regulations affect our ability to generate sufficient returns on these investments. We expect our plan will enhance the long-term value of the company for our shareholders by providing sufficient resources to replace and improve our existing track infrastructure to provide safe and fluid operations, increase network efficiency by adding or improving facilities and track, and make investments that meet customer demand and take advantage of opportunities for long-term growth. Our access to liquidity through the capital markets is also dependent on our financial stability. We maintain adequate resources, and when necessary, have adequate access to capital markets to meet any foreseeable cash requirements, in addition to sufficient financial capacity to satisfy our current liabilities. We expect to continue to have access to liquidity through any or all of the following sources or activities: increasing the size or utilization of our receivables securitization, issuing commercial paper, entering into bank loans, or issuing bonds or other debt securities to public or private investors based on our assessment of the current condition of the credit markets. We will continue to evaluate the best use of cash generated from operations, which will include pursuing capital projects with adequate returns, and returning cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Our operating ratio improved 1.5 points to 62.0% in 2017 compared to 2016. Core pricing gains, volume leverage, and productivity savings more than offset higher inflation, costs associated with the workforce reduction plan, higher fuel prices, and other expenses to drive operating ratio improvement. Our average train speed decreased 5% compared to 2016 as disruptions across our network, including the impact of hurricane harvey, negatively impacted network fluidity. Continued implementation and testing of positive train control across a growing number of routes in our network also negatively impacted overall average train speed and terminal dwell. We expect volume to grow in the low single-digit range in 2018 compared to 2017, but it will depend on the overall economy and market conditions. Our 2017 adjusted operating income of more than $7.8 billion, an 8% increase compared to 2016, reflects our ability to absorb strain and preserve functioning despite the presence of adversity. We will continue to use and expand the deployment of total safety culture and courage to care throughout our operations, which allows us to identify and implement best practices for employee and operational safety. The capital plan includes expenditures to renew and improve our existing infrastructure as well as new capacity investments. We expect to fund our 2018 cash capital plan by using some or all of the following: cash generated from operations, proceeds from the sale or lease of various operating and non-operating properties, proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt, and cash on hand.