Our company's goals are targeted at serving our customers, our employees, the environment, the communities in which we work, and our stockholders. We believe we are uniquely equipped to meet the challenges of the changing waste industry and our customers' waste management needs, both today and as we work together to envision and create a more sustainable future. We remain dedicated to providing long-term value to our stockholders by successfully executing our core strategy of focused differentiation and continuous improvement, which takes into account economic conditions, the regulatory environment, asset and resource availability, and innovation through technology. We believe that focused differentiation in our industry, driven by capitalizing on our extensive, well-placed network of assets, will deliver profitable growth and competitive advantages. Our strategy of improving pricing, adding profitable volume, and controlling costs led to significant earnings improvement. Our focus on delivering exceptional customer service while bolstering employee engagement yielded consistently positive operational performance throughout the year. We are investing in our front-line employees, technology, and revenue-generating assets to continue to grow our business and improve customer service. These investments, together with our long-held commitments to maintain a strong balance sheet, return cash to shareholders, and pursue attractive strategic growth opportunities, position the company to capitalize on its momentum. We continually monitor our actual and forecasted cash flows, our liquidity, and our capital resources, enabling us to plan for our present needs and fund unbudgeted business activities that may arise during the year as a result of changing business conditions or new opportunities. The company continues to maintain a disciplined focus on capital management, and fluctuations in our capital expenditures are a result of new business opportunities, growth in our existing business, timing of replacement of aging assets, and investment in assets that support our strategy of continuous improvement through efficiency and innovation. We are committed to providing our shareholders with a return on their investment through dividend payments and our common stock repurchase program. Our operational flexibility is demonstrated through our ability to adapt to market conditions, including disruptions in the global movement of recycling commodities. Our cash flow generation has continued to exceed expectations, allowing us to invest in assets that support continuous improvement through efficiency and innovation. The success we achieved reinforces our foundation for earnings and cash flow growth despite anticipated disruption and downward price pressure in the global market for recycling commodities. We are focused on improving existing diversion technologies and monitoring emerging diversion technologies that may generate additional value. We believe that execution of our strategy will deliver shareholder value and leadership in a dynamic industry. Our business performed exceptionally well, demonstrating resilience in the face of external pressures and market volatility. We are committed to enhancing our operational capabilities and ensuring our organizational health through strategic initiatives that foster collaboration and adaptability in a complex and turbulent market environment.