We are an energy infrastructure company focused on connecting North America's significant hydrocarbon resource plays to growing markets for natural gas and NGLs. Our ongoing strategy is to safely and reliably operate large-scale, interstate natural gas transmission and midstream infrastructures where our assets can be fully utilized and drive low per-unit costs. We focus on consistently attracting new business by providing highly reliable service to our customers and investing in growing markets and areas of increasing natural gas demand. Our business plan for 2018 includes a continued focus on growing our fee-based businesses, executing growth projects, and accomplishing cost discipline initiatives to ensure operations support our strategy. We anticipate operating results will increase through organic business growth driven primarily by Transco expansion projects and continued growth in the northeast region. Our growth capital and investment expenditures in 2018 are expected to be approximately $2.7 billion, with a significant portion allocated to transco expansions and other interstate pipeline growth projects, most of which are fully contracted with firm transportation agreements. We also remain committed to projects that maintain our assets for safe and reliable operations, as well as projects that meet legal, regulatory, and/or contractual commitments. We seek to maintain a strong financial position and liquidity, as well as manage a diversified portfolio of energy infrastructure assets which continue to serve key growth markets and supply basins in the United States. Our strategy is to provide large-scale energy infrastructure designed to maximize the opportunities created by the vast supply of natural gas and natural gas products that exists in the United States. We believe that accomplishing these goals will position us to deliver safe and reliable service to our customers and an attractive return to our shareholders. Our operations are subject to regulation, which limits recovery to historical cost, and we anticipate being allowed to recover and earn a return based on increased actual costs incurred to replace existing assets. The potential risks and obstacles that could impact the execution of our plan include opposition to infrastructure projects, unexpected significant increases in capital expenditures or delays in capital project execution, and lower than anticipated demand for natural gas and natural gas products. We continue to address certain pricing risks through the utilization of commodity hedging strategies, which serve to reduce the influence of commodity price fluctuations on our operating results and cash flows. We expect to benefit as continued growth in demand for low-cost natural gas is driven by increases in LNG exports, industrial demand, and power generation. Our expansion projects include the Atlantic Sunrise project, which will provide incremental firm transportation capacity from the northeastern Marcellus producing area to markets along Transco's mainline, and the Constitution pipeline, which is proposed to connect our gathering system in Pennsylvania to other pipeline systems. We are pursuing two separate and independent paths to overturn a state denial of necessary certification for the Constitution pipeline project. We have a working capital deficit but expect sufficient liquidity to manage our businesses in 2018. We retain the flexibility to adjust planned levels of growth capital and investment expenditures in response to changes in economic conditions or business opportunities.