Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, some of which may cause our future results to be different than we currently anticipate. We have disaster recovery, business continuity, and crisis management plans and procedures designed to protect our businesses against a multitude of events, including natural disasters, military or terrorist actions, power or communication failures, or similar events. Despite our preparations, our plans and procedures may not be successful in preventing or mitigating the loss of client data, service interruptions, disruptions to our operations, or damage to our important facilities. A disruption of our data centers could have a materially adverse effect on our business. We host our applications and serve our clients from data centers that we operate and from data centers operated by third-party vendors. If any of our or our third-party vendors' data centers fails, becomes disabled or is disrupted, even for a limited period of time, our businesses could be disrupted and we could suffer financial loss, liability to clients, loss of clients, regulatory intervention, or damage to our reputation. We have implemented policies and procedures to monitor and address compliance with applicable anti-corruption, economic and trade sanctions and anti-money laundering laws and regulations, and we are continuously in the process of reviewing, upgrading and enhancing certain of our policies and procedures. However, there can be no assurance that our employees, consultants or agents will not take actions in violation of our policies for which we may be ultimately responsible, or that our policies and procedures will be adequate or will be determined to be adequate by regulators. Any violations of applicable anti-corruption, economic and trade sanctions or anti-money laundering laws or regulations could limit certain of our business activities until they are satisfactorily remediated and could result in civil and criminal penalties, including fines, which could damage our reputation and have a materially adverse effect on our results of operation or financial condition. Our systems, applications, solutions and services may be subject to disruptions that could have a materially adverse effect on our business and reputation. Many of our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process, on a daily basis, a large number of complicated transactions. We need to properly manage our systems, applications and solutions, and any upgrades, enhancements and expansions we may undertake from time to time, in order to ensure they properly support our businesses. If any of these systems, applications or solutions fails to operate properly or becomes disabled even for a brief period of time, whether due to malevolent acts, errors, defects or any other factor(s), we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our businesses, liability to clients, loss of clients, regulatory intervention or damage to our reputation. We are focused on ensuring that we safeguard and protect personal and business information and client funds, and we devote significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes. Nonetheless, the global environment grows increasingly hostile as attacks on information technology systems continue to grow in frequency, complexity and sophistication, and we are regularly targeted by unauthorized parties using malicious tactics, code and viruses. We have programs and processes in place to prevent, detect and respond to data or cyber security incidents. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently, are increasingly more complex and sophisticated and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time, we may be unable or fail to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate or timely preventive or responsive measures. Our ability to grow and provide our clients with competitive services is partially dependent on our ability to attract and retain highly motivated people with the skills to serve our clients. Competition for skilled employees in the outsourcing and other markets in which we operate is intense and, if we are unable to attract and retain highly skilled and motivated personnel, results of our operations may suffer.