This report and other documents we file with the SEC contain forward-looking statements that are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts, and projections about us, our future performance, our business, our beliefs, and our management's assumptions. Our business is also subject to the risks that affect many other companies, such as employment relations, general economic conditions, geopolitical events, and international operations. We expect continued significant focus on healthcare and drug-pricing legislation, which may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our business has and will continue to be affected by legislative actions changing U.S. federal reimbursement policy. We believe the oncology care model has reduced utilization of certain of our oncology products by participating physician practices and expect it to continue to do so in the future. We face risks relating to the reporting of pricing data that affects the reimbursement of and discounts provided for our products. Changing reimbursement and pricing actions in various states may negatively affect access to and have affected and may continue to affect sales of our products at the state level. Our business activities outside of the United States are subject to various laws and regulations globally regarding privacy and data protection, including laws and regulations relating to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal data. We are unable to predict whether and when any further changes to laws or regulatory policies affecting our business could occur, such as changes to laws or regulations governing manufacturer communications concerning drug products and drug product candidates. We rely on independent third-party clinical investigators to recruit patients and conduct clinical trials on our behalf in accordance with applicable study protocols, laws, and regulations. We depend on alliances with other companies, including pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, vendors, and service providers, for the development of a portion of the products in our pharmaceutical pipeline and for the commercialization and sales of certain of our commercial products. Our ability to adequately and timely manufacture and supply our products is dependent on the uninterrupted and efficient operation of our facilities and those of our third-party contract manufacturers, which may be affected by labor disputes or shortages, including the effects of health emergencies or natural disasters. We believe our estimations of future cash flows used for assessing impairment of long-lived assets are based on reasonable assumptions given the facts and circumstances as of the related dates of the assessments. We are also subject to the economic and political uncertainties stemming from the United Kingdom's exit from the EU, commonly referred to as "Brexit." We are also subject to various laws and regulations globally regarding privacy and data protection, including laws and regulations relating to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal data. Our operations and performance have been, and may continue to be, affected by global economic conditions. Financial pressures may cause government or other third-party payers to more aggressively seek cost containment measures. We believe such conditions have led and could continue to lead to reduced demand for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our product sales, business, and results of operations. Our current products and products in development cannot be sold without regulatory approval. We are required to conduct clinical trials in humans before we commercialize and sell any of our product candidates or existing products for new indications.