A significant decrease in leasing demand for our communications infrastructure would materially and adversely affect our business and operating results, and we cannot control that demand. Factors that may affect such demand include increased mergers, consolidations, or exits that reduce the number of wireless service providers, the financial condition of wireless service providers, zoning, environmental, health, tax or other government regulations or changes in the application and enforcement thereof, and a decrease in consumer demand for wireless services. Our ongoing contractual revenues and future results may be negatively impacted if a significant number of these leases are terminated or not renewed. We depend on the continued financial strength of our tenants, many of whom operate with substantial levels of debt. If our tenants or potential tenants are unable to raise adequate capital to fund their business plans or face capital constraints, they may reduce their spending, file for bankruptcy, or reduce or terminate operations, which could materially and adversely affect demand for our communications sites and our services business. We may experience disputes with our tenants regarding the interpretation of terms in our leases, which could lead to a deterioration in our relationships with those tenants that leads to a failure to obtain new business from them. Our business is subject to laws, regulations, and administrative and judicial decisions that could restrict our ability to operate as we currently do or impact our competitive landscape. Noncompliance could result in fines or decreased revenue. Our industry is highly competitive, and our tenants have numerous alternatives in leasing antenna space. We may not be able to renew existing tenant leases or enter into new tenant leases, or if we are able to do so, they may be at rates lower than our current rates or on less favorable terms. Our international operations are subject to economic, political, and other risks that could materially and adversely affect our revenues or financial position, including risks associated with fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. We anticipate that revenues from our international operations will continue to grow, but we face risks associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates that can affect our ability to plan, forecast, and budget for our international operations. Our towers, fiber networks, data centers, or computer systems may be affected by natural disasters, security breaches, and other unforeseen events for which our insurance may not provide adequate coverage. We rely on information technology and other computing resources, and if our systems are compromised, degraded, damaged, or breached, we could suffer interruptions in our operations, which could result in a loss of revenue and damage our reputation. We may not have adequate insurance to cover the associated costs of repair or reconstruction of sites or fiber for a major future event. Our expansion and innovation initiatives involve risks and uncertainties, including those related to integrating acquired or leased assets, which could adversely affect our operating results, disrupt our operations, or expose us to additional risk. We continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire communications real estate portfolios to determine whether they meet our risk-adjusted hurdle rates and whether we can effectively integrate them into our existing portfolio. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers and other tenants deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks, which is influenced by the growth of wireless services and general economic conditions.