Our business, operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those related to customer concentration, which increases the risk of quarterly fluctuations in our operating results and our sensitivity to any material adverse developments experienced by our significant customers. We depend on a small number of end customers and contract manufacturers for a majority of our business, revenue and results of operations. The loss of, or any substantial reduction in sales to, any of our major customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Dependence on contract manufacturing and suppliers of critical components within our supply chain may adversely affect our ability to bring products to market and damage our reputation. A prolonged disruption of our manufacturing facilities, research and development facilities or other significant operations, or those of our suppliers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We must maintain appropriate capacity at our own manufacturing facilities to meet anticipated customer demand for our proprietary products. The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and characterized by constant and rapid technological change, which requires us to adapt our products and manufacturing processes to new technologies. Our ability to accurately estimate future customer requirements is impacted by the short-term nature of many customers' commitments and their ability to reschedule, cancel and modify orders with little or no notice. We may be unable to secure sufficient materials or contract manufacturing capacity to meet rapid increases in demand, which could damage our customer relationships and prevent us from taking advantage of opportunities. Our success depends, in large part, on the continued contributions of our senior management team, and effective succession planning is important for our long-term success. Failure to ensure effective transfers of knowledge and smooth transitions involving senior management could hinder our strategic planning and execution. We have historically encountered difficulties in hiring and retaining qualified engineers, particularly in high-demand areas, which could limit our ability to execute our business strategy effectively. Our operations are dependent upon our ability to protect our technology infrastructure against damage from business continuity events that could have a significant disruptive effect on our operations. We are required to assess our internal control over financial reporting on an annual basis, and any adverse findings could result in a loss of investor confidence in our financial reports. Fluctuations in foreign exchange rates could result in financial losses, and our ability to service our senior unsecured notes and outstanding term loans will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. Our ability to fund operational requirements will depend, in part, on our future cash flows, which are subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions and other factors beyond our control. Our capital expenditures may increase due to acquisitions, which could require significant use of our cash and cash equivalents or increase our borrowings. We may also face challenges in complying with various international laws and regulations, which could restrict our operations and require expenditures that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. The industries in which we operate are characterized by companies holding large numbers of patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, and we may face risks associated with our distributors and other channel partners, including product inventory levels and product sell-through. Our business is also subject to various governmental regulations, and compliance with these regulations may cause us to incur significant expense.