Difficult conditions in the business and economic environment, as well as political conditions in the United States and elsewhere, may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. The consequences of negative circumstances impacting us or the environment generally can be sudden and severe. Our business is subject to the effects of geopolitical events, weather, natural disasters, and other conditions. Geopolitical events, terrorist attacks, natural disasters, severe weather conditions, floods, health pandemics, information or cyber security incidents, and other catastrophic events can have a material adverse effect on our business. Recent hurricanes and other natural disasters have impacted spending and credit performance in the areas affected. Climate change may exacerbate certain of these threats, including the frequency and severity of weather-related events. We face intense competition for partner relationships, which could result in a loss or renegotiation of these arrangements that could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Our success is, in many ways, dependent on the success of our business partners. We are exposed to risks associated with our business partners, including reputational issues, business slowdowns, bankruptcies, liquidations, restructurings, and consolidations, and the possible obligation to make payments to our partners. We rely on third-party service providers for acquiring and servicing customers, technology, platforms, and other services integral to the operations of our businesses. These third parties may act in ways that could materially harm our business. We develop and maintain systems and processes aimed at detecting and preventing information and cyber security incidents and fraudulent activity, which require significant investment, maintenance, and ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies and regulatory requirements change. Despite our efforts, the possibility of information and cyber security incidents cannot be eliminated entirely and will evolve as new and emerging technology is deployed. Our information technology systems may experience service disruptions or degradation because of technology malfunction, sudden increases in customer transaction volume, natural disasters, accidents, power outages, internet outages, telecommunications failures, fraud, denial-of-service and other cyberattacks, terrorism, and computer viruses. Service disruptions or degradations could prevent access to our online services and account information, impede transaction processing and financial reporting, and lead to regulatory investigations and fines. We have implemented an information security program and operating model designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information and information systems from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, disruption, modification, or destruction. We have established policies and procedures intended to identify, monitor, and manage the types of risk to which we are subject, including credit risk, market risk, operational risk, compliance risk, and reputational risk. Our risk management framework seeks to identify and mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return. We have a comprehensive operational risk framework that is defined in the operational risk management policy approved by the risk committee. Our liquidity management strategy includes maintaining access to a diverse set of cash, readily-marketable securities, and contingent sources of liquidity, such that we can continuously meet our business requirements and expected future financing obligations. We seek to manage strategic and business risks through risk controls embedded in our processes as well as overall risk management oversight over business goals. Changes in global economic and business conditions, consumer and business spending generally, and geopolitical conditions may significantly affect demand for and spending on our products and services.