We may encounter difficulties integrating ours and Celgene's businesses and operations and, therefore, may not fully realize the projected benefits from our acquisition of Celgene, and our significant additional indebtedness that we incurred and our issuance of additional shares in connection with the acquisition could have negative consequences. The ultimate success of our acquisition of Celgene and our ability to realize the anticipated benefits from the acquisition, including the expected cost savings and avoidance from synergies, innovation opportunities, and operational efficiencies, depends on, among other things, how effective we are in integrating the Bristol-Myers Squibb and Celgene operations, products, and employees. This integration is a complex, costly, and time-consuming process. If any difficulties in the integration of our operations were to occur, they could adversely affect our business, including, among other ways, causing a failure to meet demand for our products or adversely affect our ability to meet our financial reporting obligations. The integration process may also result in significant expenses and charges, both cash and noncash. The attention of certain members of our management and our resources will be at times focused on the integration of the businesses of the two companies and diverted from day-to-day business operations, which may disrupt our ongoing business. Events outside our control, including changes in regulation and laws as well as economic trends, also could adversely affect our ability to realize the expected benefits from this acquisition. We are focusing our efforts and resources in disease areas of high unmet need. We have, however, experienced setbacks and may continue to do so as there are further developments in our clinical studies. The announcement of any negative or unexpected data or the discontinuation of development of any of our key late-stage product candidates, any delay in our anticipated timelines for filing for regulatory approval, or a significant advancement of a competitor, may cause our stock price to decline significantly and may have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We may experience difficulties or delays in the development and commercialization of new products. Compounds or products may appear promising in development but fail to reach market within the expected or optimal timeframe, or at all. Furthermore, products or indications approved under the U.S. FDA's accelerated approval program may be contingent upon verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory studies, and such studies may not be successful. Developing and commercializing new compounds and products involve inherent risks and uncertainties, including inability to enroll patients and timely completion of the clinical trials. We are dependent on the market access, uptake, and expansion for marketed brands, new product introductions, new indications, product extensions, and co-promotional activities with alliance partners, to deliver future growth. Competition is keen and includes lower-priced generics and increasingly aggressive generic commercialization tactics, new competitive products entering the market, and technological advances and patents attained by our competitors. If we are unable to compete successfully against our competitors' products in the marketplace, this could have a material negative impact on our revenues and earnings. The failure of third parties to meet their contractual, regulatory, and other obligations could adversely affect our business. We rely on suppliers, vendors, outsourcing partners, alliance partners, and other third parties to research, develop, manufacture, commercialize, co-promote and sell our products. The failure of any critical third party to meet its obligations could have a material adverse impact on our operations and results. We have invested in industry-appropriate protections and monitoring practices of our data and IT to reduce these risks and continue to monitor our systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. Adverse changes in U.S. and global economic and political conditions could adversely affect our profitability. Global economic and political risks pose significant challenges to a company's growth and profitability and are difficult to mitigate.