Our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks, including intense competition and rapid technological changes in the medical devices industry. We face pressures across many of our businesses due to competitive activity, increased market power of our customers, economic pressures experienced by our customers, and the impact of managed care organizations and other third-party payers. These factors may adversely impact market sizes, as well as our share of the markets in which we compete, the average selling prices for our products, or medical procedure volumes. Continued consolidation in the healthcare industry or additional governmental controls exerted over pricing in key markets could lead to increased demands for price concessions or limit or eliminate our ability to sell to certain significant market segments. Our international operations are subject to a number of market, business, financial, legal, and regulatory risks and uncertainties that could have a material impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We are subject to extensive and dynamic medical device regulation, which may impede or hinder the approval or sale of our products. The regulatory environment is becoming increasingly stringent and unpredictable, which could increase the time, cost, and complexity of obtaining regulatory approvals for our products. We have implemented a Brexit response team and have put in place mitigation procedures to reduce any significant operational risks that have been identified to date. We cannot guarantee that the activities under our restructuring plans or other optimization initiatives will result in the desired efficiencies and estimated cost savings. Our restructuring and optimization initiatives result in charges and expenses, some of which impact our operating results. We monitor the dynamics of the economy, the healthcare industry, and the markets in which we compete and assess opportunities for improved operational effectiveness and efficiency while preserving our ability to make investments in research and development projects, capital, and our people that we believe are important to our long-term success. We expect that market demand, government regulation, third-party coverage and reimbursement policies, and societal pressures will continue to change the worldwide healthcare industry, resulting in further business consolidations and alliances among our customers. Our ability to develop new products and enhance existing products requires significant research and development, clinical trials, and regulatory approvals, all of which may be very expensive and time-consuming and may not result in commercially viable products. We are continuing to investigate and have completed several acquisitions that involve opportunities to further expand our presence in and diversify into priority growth areas by accessing new products and technologies. The success of our strategy relating to future acquisitions, investments, or alliances will depend on our ability to manage acquisition, investment, or alliance opportunities within our capital capacity and prioritize those investments to execute on our strategy. Our integration of acquired businesses requires significant efforts, including corporate restructuring and the coordination of information technologies, research and development, sales and marketing, operations, regulatory, supply chain, manufacturing, quality systems, and finance. Our failure to manage successfully and coordinate the growth of the acquired companies could have an adverse impact on our business and our future growth. We cannot predict the specific healthcare programs and regulations that will be ultimately implemented by regional and national governments globally. However, any changes that lower reimbursements for either our products and/or procedures using our products could adversely affect our business and results of operations.