Our businesses operate in highly competitive and dynamic industries, and the results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not compete effectively. The ability of our businesses to compete effectively depends on our perceived image and reputation among our various constituencies, including our customers, consumers, advertisers, employees, investors, and government authorities. Changes in consumer behavior driven by online video distribution platforms continue to adversely affect our businesses and challenge existing business models. The continuing trend of OTT service providers delivering their content directly to consumers disrupts traditional video distribution business models. The increase in OTT service providers has significantly increased the number of entertainment choices available to consumers, which has intensified audience fragmentation and disaggregated the way that content has been traditionally distributed and viewed. Our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging competitors or changes in consumer behavior could have an adverse effect on our competitive position and results of operations. 

We rely on network and information systems and other technologies, and a disruption, cyber attack, failure, or destruction of such networks may disrupt our businesses. Cyber threats and attacks can have cascading impacts that unfold with increasing speed across networks and information systems. Severe weather events have impacted our services and products, and the occurrence of these events may result in large expenditures to repair or replace damaged properties. The risk of systems-related events and security breaches continues to intensify, and our businesses may be at a heightened risk of these events due to the nature of our operations. 

Our businesses depend on keeping pace with technological developments, and our success is dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt, and leverage new and existing technologies. If we fail to employ technologies desired by consumers before our competitors do so, or if we fail to execute effectively on our technology initiatives, our businesses could be adversely affected. We are subject to regulation by federal, state, local, and foreign authorities, which impose additional costs and restrictions on our businesses. Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could result in administrative enforcement actions, fines, and civil and criminal liability. 

We face risks relating to doing business internationally, including economic volatility and global economic slowdown, currency exchange rate fluctuations, and potential adverse tax developments. Unfavorable litigation or governmental investigation results could require us to pay significant amounts or lead to onerous operating procedures. Labor disputes may disrupt our operations and adversely affect our businesses. The loss of key management personnel or popular on-air and creative talent could have an adverse effect on our businesses. 

We are committed to enhancing the value of our businesses, such as by growing high-speed internet services and investing in new theme parks. However, there can be no assurance that we can execute on these initiatives in a manner sufficient to grow or maintain our revenue or operating margins. The ability to adapt to changing market conditions and consumer preferences is critical for maintaining operational continuity and achieving organizational resilience.