The risks described could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are highly dependent on the financial performance of our U.S. and Canadian operations, which comprised 87% and 84% of net sales and operating income in 2019, respectively. Any substantial slowing or sustained decline in these operations could materially adversely affect our business and financial results. Disruptions in our merchandise distribution or processing, packaging, manufacturing, and other facilities could adversely affect sales and member satisfaction. We depend on the orderly operation of the merchandise receiving and distribution process, primarily through our depots. Disruptions due to catastrophic events, labor issues, or other shipping problems may result in delays in the production and delivery of merchandise to our warehouses. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to identify and respond to trends in demographics and consumer preferences. Failure to identify timely or effectively respond to changing consumer tastes and spending patterns could negatively affect our relationship with our members and our market share. We rely extensively on information technology to process transactions and manage our business. A failure or disruption of our primary and backup systems could adversely affect our business. If our systems are damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make significant investments to fix or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations. We are currently making and will continue to make investments to improve or advance critical information systems and processing capabilities. Failure to monitor and choose the right investments could be harmful. The risk of system disruption is increased when significant system changes are undertaken. Our ability to control labor and benefit costs is subject to numerous internal and external factors, including regulatory changes and prevailing wage rates. We compete with other retail and non-retail businesses for qualified employees, and our ability to attract, train, and retain them is crucial for our operational continuity. Significant claims or events, regulatory changes, or the failure to maintain adequate insurance coverage could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Natural disasters or other catastrophes could negatively affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Public health issues could disrupt our operations or have an adverse impact on consumer spending and confidence levels. Factors associated with climate change could adversely affect our business, including compliance costs and impacts on our ability to procure commodities. We face strong competition from other retailers and warehouse club operators, which could adversely affect our business. General economic factors, including inflation and changes in consumer confidence, may adversely affect demand for our products and services. Our financial performance depends heavily on controlling costs, and modest changes in various items can have substantial impacts on net income. We believe that our cash position and operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for the foreseeable future. Our investments in merchandise pricing may include reducing prices to drive sales or meet competition, which negatively impacts gross margin. The membership format is integral to our business and significantly influences our profitability. Our financial performance is also affected by changes in foreign currencies and commodity prices. We are involved in a number of legal proceedings and audits, and the outcomes could adversely affect our business.