Chevron's risk management systems are designed to assess potential physical and other risks to its operations and assets and to plan for their resiliency. The company seeks to minimize operational risks by carefully designing and building its facilities and conducting its operations in a safe and reliable manner. However, failure to manage these risks effectively could impair the ability to operate and result in unexpected incidents, including releases, explosions, or mechanical failures resulting in personal injury, loss of life, environmental damage, loss of revenues, legal liability, and disruption to operations. Chevron has implemented and maintains a system of corporate policies, processes, and systems to manage safety, health, environmental, reliability, and efficiency risks; to verify compliance with applicable laws and policies; and to respond to and learn from unexpected incidents. The company operates in both urban areas and remote regions, making its operations subject to disruption from natural or human causes beyond its control, including physical risks from hurricanes, severe storms, floods, and other severe weather, as well as cyber threats and political events. Extended periods of low commodity prices can have a material adverse impact on the company's results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity, which could affect its ability to realize anticipated cost savings and asset sales intended to compensate for downturns. The company’s operations are also influenced by changing economic, regulatory, and political environments in the various countries in which it operates. Actions could be taken by governments to increase public ownership of the company's businesses, force contract renegotiations, or impose additional taxes or royalties, which could harm competitiveness or relations with other governments or third parties. Chevron is required to comply with U.S. sanctions and other trade laws and regulations, which could adversely impact operations in certain countries. The company assesses carbon pricing risks by considering carbon costs in its long-range supply, demand, and energy price forecasts. The actual level of expenditure required to comply with new or potential climate change-related laws and regulations is difficult to predict and is expected to vary depending on the actual laws enacted in a jurisdiction, the company's activities, and market conditions. Increasing attention to climate change and societal expectations on companies to address it may result in increased costs, reduced demand for products, and negative impacts on stock price and access to capital markets. The company does not have commercial insurance or third-party indemnities to fully cover all operational risks or potential liability in the event of a significant incident, resulting in substantial self-insurance for such events. The occurrence of unforeseen liabilities for which the company is self-insured could have a material adverse effect on its results of operations or financial condition. The company’s ability to identify and mitigate the risks and hazards inherent to operating in the crude oil and natural gas industry is crucial for maintaining operational continuity and resilience. The company’s operations have inherent risks and hazards that require significant and continuous oversight, and it is essential to manage these risks effectively to ensure organizational resilience in the face of adversity.