The following risks are considered the most significant to John Deere's business based upon current knowledge, information, and assumptions. International, national, and regional trade laws, regulations, and policies could significantly impair John Deere's profitability and growth prospects. Restricted access to global markets impairs John Deere's ability to export goods and services from its various manufacturing locations and limits access to raw materials and high-quality parts at competitive prices. Trade restrictions and changes in global trade policies may affect John Deere's competitive position. Furthermore, the ability to export agricultural and forestry commodities is critical to John Deere's customers, and policies impacting exchange rates and commodity prices could have a material adverse effect on the demand for agricultural and forestry equipment. John Deere's operations may also be affected by non-U.S. regulatory reforms, and changes in government policies on spending can affect John Deere, especially in the construction and forestry segment. Negative economic conditions can materially weaken demand for John Deere's equipment and services, limit access to funding, and result in higher funding costs. Sustained negative economic conditions and outlook affect housing starts and other construction, which dampens demand for certain construction equipment. John Deere's ability to understand its customers' specific preferences and requirements is critical to its success, requiring a thorough understanding of existing and potential customers on a global basis. Failure to deliver quality products that meet customer needs at competitive prices could have a significant adverse effect on John Deere's business. Supply chain disruptions due to supplier financial distress, capacity constraints, or natural disaster events could affect John Deere's operations and profitability. John Deere's operations, suppliers, and customers are subject to increasingly rigorous environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, and enforcement actions arising from violations could lead to significant fines or penalties. John Deere's business may be directly and indirectly affected by unfavorable weather conditions or natural calamities that reduce agricultural production and demand for agriculture and turf equipment. The secure operation of information technology networks and the processing of sensitive information is critical to John Deere's business operations. Despite security measures, John Deere's information technology networks may be vulnerable to disruptions due to cyber-attacks or other catastrophic events. The occurrence of such events could compromise John Deere's networks, and any loss of information could result in legal claims or regulatory penalties. John Deere's ability to execute its strategy is dependent upon attracting, training, and retaining qualified personnel. Failure to attract and retain qualified personnel could impair John Deere's ability to execute its business strategy. John Deere may not realize all of the anticipated benefits of acquisitions or joint ventures, and integrating acquisitions may require significant attention from management. Expanding business operations globally increases exposure to currency fluctuations and political, economic, and social uncertainties, which could reduce customer confidence and demand. John Deere's operations and financial results could be impacted materially should negative economic conditions affect the financial industry, and the financial services segment's liquidity depends largely on timely access to capital. Changes in interest rates can reduce demand for equipment and adversely affect interest margins. The potential loss of intellectual property through theft or infringement could have a material adverse effect on the company.