The company is subject to general risks and uncertainties that affect many other companies, such as market conditions, economic conditions, geopolitical events, changes in laws, regulations or accounting rules, fluctuations in interest rates, terrorism, wars or conflicts, major health concerns including epidemics, natural disasters or other disruptions of expected business conditions. Conditions in the global economy, the particular markets served, and the financial markets may adversely affect the business and financial statements. The company’s operations are affected by worldwide, regional and industry-specific economic and political factors, and the geographic and industry diversity helps limit the impact of any one industry or the economy of any single country on its consolidated operating results. The company’s long-term growth and profitability will depend on its ability to expand its business in high-growth geographies and high-growth market segments, identify, consummate and integrate appropriate acquisitions, develop innovative and differentiated new products and services, and effectively address the demands of an increasingly regulated global environment. The company is making significant investments, organically and through acquisitions, to address the rapid pace of technological change in its served markets and to globalize its manufacturing, research and development and customer-facing resources. The company’s businesses operate in industries that are intensely competitive and have been subject to increasing consolidation, and significant shifts in industry market share may occur in connection with product problems, safety alerts, and publications about products. The company faces intense competition and if it is unable to compete effectively, it may experience decreased demand and decreased market share. The company’s growth depends in part on the timely development and commercialization, and customer acceptance, of new and enhanced products and services based on technological innovation. The company must correctly identify customer needs and preferences and predict future needs and preferences, allocate R&D funding to products and services with higher growth prospects, and anticipate and respond to competitors' development of new products and services. The company’s ability to maintain reliable information technology systems and appropriate controls with respect to global data privacy and security requirements is critical, as significant disruptions in, or breaches of, its information technology systems could adversely affect its business, reputation, and financial statements. The company’s operations, products, and services expose it to the risk of environmental, health, and safety liabilities, costs, and violations that could adversely affect its business and financial statements. The company continually assesses the strategic fit of its existing businesses and may divest, spin-off, or otherwise dispose of businesses that are deemed not to fit with its strategic plan or are not achieving the desired return on investment. The company’s restructuring actions can have long-term adverse effects on its business, and realizing the anticipated benefits from these initiatives can take several years. The company’s financial results are subject to fluctuations in the cost and availability of commodities that it uses in its operations, and any sustained interruption in the supply of these items could adversely affect its business. The company’s reliance upon sole or limited sources of supply for certain materials, components, and services can cause production interruptions, delays, and inefficiencies, which could adversely affect its financial statements.