For an enterprise as large and complex as the company, a wide range of factors could materially affect future developments and performance. Changes in U.S., global, or regional economic conditions could have an adverse effect on the profitability of some or all of our businesses. A decline in economic activity can adversely affect demand for any of our businesses, thus reducing our revenue and earnings. The success of our businesses depends on our ability to consistently create filmed entertainment and television programming that meet the changing preferences of the broad consumer market and respond to competition from an expanding array of choices facilitated by technological developments in the delivery of content. The media entertainment and internet businesses increasingly depend on our ability to successfully adapt to shifting patterns of content consumption through the adoption and exploitation of new technologies. In order to respond to these developments, we regularly consider and from time to time implement changes to our business models. The success of our theme parks and experiences, as well as our theatrical releases, depends on demand for public or out-of-home entertainment experiences. A variety of uncontrollable events may reduce demand for our products and services, impair our ability to provide our products and services, or increase the cost of providing our products and services. Demand for our products and services is highly dependent on the general environment for travel and tourism, which can be significantly adversely affected by a variety of factors beyond our control, including adverse weather conditions, catastrophic events, health concerns, and international political developments. These events may damage our ability to provide our products and services or to obtain insurance coverage with respect to these events. An incident that affected our property directly would have a direct impact on our ability to provide goods and services and could discourage consumers from attending our facilities. Moreover, the costs of protecting against such incidents reduce the profitability of our operations. Changes in our business strategy or restructuring of our businesses may increase our costs or otherwise affect the profitability of our businesses. As changes in our business environment occur, we may adjust our business strategies to meet these changes or may otherwise decide to restructure our operations. Increased competitive pressures may reduce our revenues or increase our costs. We face substantial competition in each of our businesses from alternative providers of the products and services we offer. The company is subject to the risk of challenges to our copyright, trademark, and patent rights by third parties. Successful challenges to our rights in intellectual property may result in increased costs for obtaining rights or the loss of the opportunity to earn revenue from the intellectual property that is the subject of challenged rights. The company maintains information necessary to conduct its business, including confidential and proprietary information, in digital form. Data maintained in digital form is subject to the risk of unauthorized access, modification, and exfiltration. We develop and maintain information security systems in an effort to prevent this, but the development and maintenance of these systems is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating. If our information security systems or data are compromised in a material way, our ability to conduct our business may be impaired, and we may incur costs to remediate possible harm to our customers and employees. The company believes that its financial condition is strong and that its cash balances, other liquid assets, operating cash flows, access to debt and equity capital markets, and borrowing capacity provide adequate resources to fund ongoing operating requirements and future capital expenditures related to the expansion of existing businesses and development of new projects. However, the company's operating cash flow and access to the capital markets can be impacted by macroeconomic factors outside of its control.