The occurrence of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. We cannot assure that we will consummate the acquisition of Packet or any future acquisition. We expect to make additional acquisitions in the future which may include acquisitions of businesses, products, solutions or technologies that we believe to be complementary. The possible disruption of our ongoing business and diversion of management's attention by acquisition, transition and integration activities, particularly when multiple acquisitions and integrations are occurring at the same time, could affect our operational flexibility. The possibility that we may not be able to successfully integrate acquired businesses, or achieve anticipated operating efficiencies or cost savings, could impact our organizational effectiveness. The potential deterioration in our ability to access credit markets due to increased leverage could limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and industry, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage compared with our competitors. Our ability to manage our international operations and successfully implement our international expansion plans is critical to our organizational health. Adverse global economic conditions and credit market uncertainty could adversely impact our business and financial condition, leading to churn in our customer base and reductions in revenues. We face pressures from our customers and stockholders, who are increasingly focused on climate change, to prioritize sustainable energy practices, reduce our carbon footprint and promote sustainability. We maintain disaster recovery and business continuity plans that would be implemented in the event of severe weather events that interrupt our business or affect our customers' IT infrastructure. While these plans are designed to allow us to recover from natural disasters or other events that can interrupt our business, we cannot be certain that our plans will protect us or our customers from all such disasters or events. Our business depends on providing customers with highly reliable solutions, and any failure of our physical infrastructure or damage to customer infrastructure could lead to significant costs and disruptions that could reduce our revenue and harm our business reputation. We are currently making significant investments in our back-office information technology systems and processes, and difficulties from or disruptions to these efforts may interrupt our normal operations and adversely affect our business and operating results. Our ability to anticipate and address risks and manage difficulties in developing markets is essential for our organizational resilience. The uncertain global economic climate may harm our ability to attract and retain customers if customers slow spending, delay decision-making on our offerings, or seek bankruptcy protection. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate and address these risks and manage these difficulties. The anticipated benefits of the joint venture with GIC may not be fully realized or take longer to realize than expected. The success of the joint venture will depend, in part, on the successful partnership between Equinix and GIC. Our substantial debt could adversely affect our cash flows and limit our flexibility to raise additional capital, which could hinder our ability to pursue additional expansion opportunities and maintain our desired level of revenue growth in future periods. The collective impact of these changes to our business has placed significant demands on impacted employees across multiple functions, increasing the risk of errors and control deficiencies in our financial statements, distraction from the effective operation of our business and difficulty in attracting and retaining employees.