We face a variety of risks that are substantial and inherent in our businesses, including market, liquidity, credit, operational, legal, regulatory, and reputational risks. Our businesses have been and may continue to be adversely affected by conditions in the global financial markets and economic conditions generally. Unfavorable or uncertain economic and market conditions can be caused by declines in economic growth, business activity, or investor confidence, limitations on the availability or increases in the cost of credit and capital, illiquid markets, and other forms of disruption. Our financial performance is highly dependent on the environment in which our businesses operate. General uncertainty about economic, political, and market activities has in the past negatively impacted client activity, which can adversely affect many of our businesses. Our liquidity, profitability, and businesses may be adversely affected by an inability to access the debt capital markets or to sell assets or by a reduction in our credit ratings or by an increase in our credit spreads. We seek to maintain broad and diversified funding sources globally across products, programs, markets, currencies, and creditors to avoid funding concentrations. We employ structured products to benefit our clients and hedge our own risks. Our businesses are highly dependent on our ability to process and monitor a very large number of transactions, many of which are highly complex and occur at high volumes and frequencies. We have developed and pursued new business and strategic initiatives, and expect to continue to do so. If we are unable to successfully execute those initiatives, we may incur unanticipated costs and losses, and face other adverse consequences. Our risk management process seeks to balance our ability to profit from market-making, investing, or lending positions, and underwriting activities, with our exposure to potential losses. Our operational risk management framework is designed to minimize operational risks, including those arising from routine processing errors and extraordinary incidents. We monitor threats and assess risks to ensure our state of readiness in the event of a significant operational disruption. Our business continuity program is comprehensive and incorporates specific and measurable recovery time objectives. We have established a contingency funding plan to provide a framework for analyzing and responding to a liquidity crisis situation or periods of market stress. We conduct regular stress tests to calculate the credit exposures, including potential concentrations that would result from applying shocks to counterparty credit ratings or credit risk factors. Our risk management governance structure includes a firmwide resilience and operational risk committee responsible for overseeing operational risk and ensuring our business and operational resilience. We have established policies that require all employees to report and escalate operational risk events. Our approach for risk identification and assessment is comprehensive across all risk types, dynamic, and forward-looking to reflect and adapt to our changing risk profile and business environment. We believe that effective risk management is critical to our success and is supported by a culture of collaboration in decision-making among our first and second lines of defense.