Our business, operating results, cash flows and financial condition are subject to principal risks and uncertainties that can affect our performance in both the near- and long-term. Each of our businesses is subject to unique industry and economic conditions that may adversely affect the markets and operating conditions of our customers, which in turn can affect demand for our products and services and our results of operations. We have developed plans to mitigate the potential impact of these possible restrictions, but the implications of these uncertainties could affect the company's business, financial position and results of operations. Our ability to manage inventory and meet delivery requirements may be constrained by our suppliers' inability to scale production and adjust delivery of long-lead time products during times of volatile demand. Our inability to fill our supply needs would jeopardize our ability to fulfill obligations under commercial and government contracts, which could, in turn, result in reduced sales and profits, contract penalties or terminations, and damage to customer relationships. We may not be able to successfully execute or effectively integrate acquisitions, and divestitures may not occur as planned. Our future growth is largely dependent upon our ability to develop new technologies and introduce new products that achieve market acceptance in increasingly competitive markets with acceptable margins. Our future growth rate depends upon a number of factors, including our ability to identify and evolve with emerging technological and broader industry trends in our target end-markets, develop and maintain competitive products, and respond to changes in overall trends related to end-market demand. We seek productivity and cost savings benefits through repositioning actions and projects, such as consolidation of manufacturing facilities, transitions to cost-competitive regions and product line rationalizations. Risks associated with these actions include delays in execution, additional unexpected costs, realization of fewer than estimated productivity improvements and adverse effects on employee morale. A material disruption of our operations, particularly at our manufacturing facilities or within our information technology infrastructure, could adversely affect our business. Our facilities, supply chains, distribution systems and information technology systems are subject to catastrophic loss due to natural disasters, including hurricanes and floods, power outages, fires, explosions, terrorism, equipment failures, sabotage, cyber incidents, adverse weather conditions, labor disputes, critical supply failure, inaccurate downtime forecast, political disruption, and other reasons. Public health crises, like a regional or global pandemic, could disrupt our supply chain, distribution channels, production facilities, operations and customer demand, which could negatively impact our operations and adversely affect our business. We employ information technology systems and networks to support the business and rely on them to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities. Disruptions to our information technology infrastructure from system failures, shutdowns, power outages, telecommunication or utility failures, cybersecurity incidents, and other events could interfere with our operations, interrupt production and shipments, damage customer and business partner relationships, and negatively impact our reputation. We believe that cash balances and operating cash flow will continue to be our principal source of liquidity. We continuously assess the relative strength of each business in our portfolio as to strategic fit, market position, profit and cash flow contribution in order to identify target investment and acquisition opportunities in order to upgrade our combined portfolio. We also identify businesses that do not fit into our long-term strategic plan based on their market position, relative profitability or growth potential. These businesses are considered for potential divestiture, restructuring or other repositioning actions subject to regulatory constraints.