If overall demand for IBM's products and solutions decreases, whether due to general economic conditions or a shift in client buying patterns, the company's revenue and profit could be impacted. On an ongoing basis, IBM seeks to drive greater agility, productivity, flexibility, and cost savings by continuously transforming with the use of automation, artificial intelligence, agile processes, and changes to the way the company works, while also enabling the scaling of resources, offerings, and investments through the company's globally integrated model across both emerging and more established markets. These various initiatives may not yield their intended gains in speed, quality, productivity, and enablement of rapid scaling, which may impact the company's competitiveness and its ability to meet its growth and productivity objectives. IBM has been moving into areas, including those that incorporate or utilize artificial intelligence, blockchain, IoT, quantum, and other disruptive technologies, in which it can differentiate itself through innovation, by leveraging its investments in R&D and attracting a successful developer ecosystem. If IBM is unable to continue its cutting-edge innovation in a highly competitive and rapidly evolving environment or is unable to commercialize such innovations, expand and scale them with sufficient speed and versatility, the company could fail in its ongoing efforts to maintain and increase its market share and its profit margins. The company is at risk of security breaches not only of its own products, services, systems, and networks, but also those of customers, contractors, business partners, vendors, employees, and other third parties. Cyber threats are continually evolving, making it difficult to detect and defend against certain threats and vulnerabilities that can persist over extended periods of time. Successful cybersecurity attacks or other security incidents could result in unauthorized access to, disclosure, modification, misuse, loss, or destruction of company, customer, or other third-party data or systems. The company's reliance on data grows, and the potential impact of regulations on the company's business, risks, and reputation will grow accordingly. The company is actively monitoring and planning for Brexit, which has caused global economic, trade, and regulatory uncertainty. The company could incur substantial costs for environmental matters, including cleanup costs, fines, and civil or criminal sanctions, as well as third-party claims for property damage or personal injury. The company's financial results are difficult to predict due to various factors, including the introduction of new products and services, the ability to compete effectively in increasingly competitive marketplaces, and the length of the sales cycles. The company is subject to legal proceedings and investigatory risks, and the risks associated with such legal proceedings are significant. The company's business employs a wide variety of components, supplies, services, and raw materials from a substantial number of suppliers around the world, and changes in the business condition of these suppliers could subject the company to losses and affect its ability to bring products to market. The company believes it has adopted appropriate risk management and compliance programs, but legal and compliance risks will continue to exist. The company's ability to pay interest and repay the principal for its debt securities is dependent upon its ability to manage its business operations, as well as the other risks described. The company regularly assesses the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from examinations of its income tax returns to determine the adequacy of its provision for income taxes. The company is exposed to currency and financing risks that could impact its revenue and business, and it employs a number of strategies to manage these risks.