We operate regulated marketplaces for listing, trading, and clearing a broad array of derivatives contracts and securities across major asset classes, including energy and agricultural commodities, metals, interest rates, equities, exchange-traded funds, credit derivatives, digital assets, bonds, and currencies, and also offer comprehensive data services to support the trading, investment, risk management, and connectivity needs of customers around the world and across asset classes. Our business environment has been characterized by globalization of marketplaces, customers, and competitors; commodity, interest rate, and financial markets uncertainty; and increasing demand for data to inform customers' risk management and investment decisions. We believe that our current and historic investments in technology and cybersecurity protections position us well competitively to accommodate increased costs of compliance, assurance, or incident response. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or trading activity in any one asset class. In addition, we have increased our portion of non-transaction and clearing revenues from 34% in 2014 to 51% in 2019. Our trading and clearing segment revenues, less transaction-based expenses, were lower by $25 million in 2019 from 2018 due to fluctuations in the U.S. dollar compared to the pound sterling and euro. The increase in revenues includes unfavorable foreign exchange effects arising from the stronger U.S. dollar in 2019. We expect our operating expenses to increase in absolute terms in future periods in connection with the growth of our business, and to vary from year to year based on the type and level of our acquisitions, integrations, and other investments. The majority of our operating expenses do not vary directly with changes in our volume and revenues, except for certain technology and communication expenses, including data acquisition costs, licensing and other fee-related arrangements. We recorded amortization expenses on intangible assets acquired as part of our acquisitions, as well as on other intangible assets, of $311 million and $289 million in 2019 and 2018, respectively. We have implemented policies and procedures designed to measure, manage, monitor, and report risk exposures, which are regularly reviewed by the appropriate management and supervisory bodies. Our clearing houses provide financial security for each transaction for the duration of the position by limiting counterparty credit risk. We have established a risk management program with both initial and ongoing membership standards to reduce exposure. The cash deposits made to margin accounts and to the guaranty fund are recorded in the consolidated balance sheet as current assets with corresponding current liabilities to the clearing members that deposited them. Our clearing houses require each clearing member to make deposits into a guaranty fund, and we have contributed our own capital which could be used if a defaulting clearing member's original margin and guaranty fund deposits are insufficient. The ice clearing houses have never experienced an incident of a clearing member default which has required the use of the guaranty funds of non-defaulting clearing members or the assets of the ice clearing houses. Our strategic initiatives include exploring and pursuing various potential acquisitions and other strategic opportunities to strengthen our competitive position and support our growth. We have also invested significant resources in our proprietary ice global network and cybersecurity protections to minimize the potential impact of a wide-scale cyber interruption, system outages, or global regulatory drive to move critical infrastructure and/or sensitive financial transactions away from the public internet.