Our businesses routinely encounter and address risks, many of which could cause our future results to be materially different than we presently anticipate. The manner in which we respond to future developments as well as our competitors' reactions to those developments may affect our future operating results. We face intense competitive pressures that may harm our operating results and our ability to adapt to technological changes and global trends. Future revenue growth depends upon our ability to adapt to technological change as well as global trends in the way customers access software offerings and successfully introduce new and enhanced products, services, and business models. We must continue to innovate and develop new products and features to meet changing customer needs and attract and retain talented software developers. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. Our operational risks arise from internal and external events relating to systems, processes, and people, including potential security incidents and privacy and cybersecurity concerns. We rely on third-party intellectual property in our products and services, which may expose us to risks if we are unable to obtain the rights necessary to use this intellectual property. Our business operations, data centers, information technology, and communications systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, human error, malicious attacks, and other events beyond our control. We regularly invest resources to update and improve our internal information technology systems and software platforms. If we experience prolonged delays or unforeseen difficulties in updating and upgrading our systems and architecture, we may experience outages and may not be able to deliver certain offerings and develop new offerings and enhancements that we need to remain competitive. Our growth is increasingly dependent on the strength of our business relationships and our ability to continue to develop, manage, and maintain new and existing relationships with third-party partners. The failure of third parties to provide acceptable and high-quality products, services, and technologies may result in a disruption to our business operations and our customers. We are also subject to various legal proceedings, claims, and regulatory inquiries that have arisen out of the ordinary conduct of our business, which may result in costly litigation or require us to change our business practices. Our future growth depends on our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. We are investing significant resources in our product development, marketing, and sales capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. We have implemented additional security measures and are continuing to work with state and federal governments to share information regarding suspicious filings. Our tax businesses must effectively handle extremely heavy customer demand during critical peak periods, and any interruptions in our online tax preparation or electronic filing service could result in significantly decreased revenue and lost customers. We are continually investing resources to update and improve these systems and environments in order to meet existing needs, as well as the growing and changing requirements of our business and customers. We have also invested, and in the future, expect to invest in new business models, geographies, strategies, and initiatives, which may involve significant risks and uncertainties.