Economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our company. Uncertainty about global economic conditions, including credit and sovereign debt concerns in certain European countries and concerns about slowed economic growth in China and other OUS markets, has caused and may continue to cause disruptions in the financial credit markets, volatile currency exchange rates, concerns about inflation, slower economic activity, decreased consumer confidence, reduced corporate profits and capital spending, and liquidity concerns. Customers and distributors may choose to postpone or reduce spending due to financial difficulties or may be unable to obtain credit to finance purchases of our products due to restraints on credit. There could be additional effects from adverse conditions in the credit markets on our business, including the insolvency of key suppliers or their inability to obtain credit to finance the development and/or manufacturing of our products resulting in product delays. We expect that there will be a learning process involved for surgical teams to become proficient in the use of our products. Broad use of our products will require training of surgical teams. Market acceptance could be delayed by the time required to complete this training. We may not be able to rapidly train surgical teams in numbers sufficient to generate adequate demand for our products. Our business is closely tied to the overall U.S. healthcare system, relating to which there are concerns and uncertainties as a result of efforts made by the U.S. federal government to modify, repeal, or otherwise invalidate all, or certain provisions of, the PPACA. In addition, the U.S. federal government has called for, or enacted, substantial changes to trade, fiscal, and tax policies, which may include changes to existing trade agreements that may have a significant impact on our operations. We cannot predict the impact, if any, that these changes could have on our business. If economic conditions worsen or new legislation is passed related to the healthcare system or trade, fiscal, or tax policies, customer demand may not materialize to the levels we require to achieve our anticipated financial results, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. Our revenues may be reduced due to pricing pressure or eliminated if our competitors develop and market products that are more effective or less expensive than our products. If we are unable to compete successfully, our revenues will suffer, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. We may not be able to maintain or improve our competitive position against current or potential competitors, especially those with greater resources. Furthermore, natural disasters, terrorist activities, and other business disruptions could seriously harm our revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. For example, the March 2011 earthquake and tsunami in Japan created economic uncertainty and disrupted economic activities in Japan, including a reduction in hospital spending. A natural disaster in any of our major markets, or an unanticipated business disruption caused by internet security threats, could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. Epidemic diseases, or the perception of their effects, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. Outbreaks of epidemic, pandemic, or contagious diseases could divert medical resources and priorities towards the treatment of that disease. Any disruption of our suppliers and their contract manufacturers or our customers would likely impact our sales and operating results. We are subject to a variety of risks due to our operations outside of the U.S. Our OUS operations are, and will continue to be, subject to a number of risks including economic weakness, including inflation, or political instability in particular foreign economies and markets, and business interruptions due to natural disasters, outbreak of disease, and other events beyond our control.