The company faces a number of uncertainties and risks that are difficult to predict, many of which are outside of its control. If known or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize, the company's business, results of operations, or financial condition could be adversely affected. Global sales in the company's pharmaceutical and medical devices segments may be negatively impacted by healthcare reforms and increasing pricing pressures. The company is subject to numerous claims and lawsuits involving various issues such as patent disputes and product liability, which can be expensive and disruptive. Product reliability, safety, and effectiveness concerns can have significant negative impacts on sales and results of operations, leading to litigation and reputational damage. The company conducts business in numerous countries and is addressing tax audits and disputes with many tax authorities, which may lead to greater audit scrutiny of profits earned in other countries. The company regularly assesses the likely outcomes of its tax audits and disputes to determine the appropriateness of its tax reserves. The company is committed to creating value by developing accessible, high-quality, innovative products and services. A critical driver of the company's success is its diverse employees, who are empowered to lead with agility and urgency. The company strives to maintain its profit margins through cost reduction programs, productivity improvements, and periodic price increases. The company has invested significantly in research and development, reflecting its commitment to create life-enhancing innovations. The competitive environment requires substantial investments in continuing research, and the development and maintenance of customer demand for the company's consumer products involve significant expenditures for advertising and promotion. The company faces substantial competition in all operating segments and geographic markets, which could adversely affect earnings. The company's businesses operate in highly competitive product markets, and competitive pressures could negatively impact sales of existing products as well as its ability to bring new products to market. The company is exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, and changes in non-U.S. currencies relative to the U.S. dollar impact revenues and expenses. The company has faced unanticipated interruptions and delays in manufacturing through its internal or external supply chain, which can result in product shortages and declines in sales. The company relies on third parties to manufacture certain products, and any failure by these manufacturers could result in delays and increased costs. The company continually assesses cybersecurity threats and makes investments to increase internal protection, detection, and response capabilities. The company maintains cybersecurity insurance; however, the coverage may not be sufficient to cover all financial losses. The company's extensive operations and business activity outside the U.S. are accompanied by certain financial, economic, and political risks. The company is committed to addressing the unmet needs of society and investing for an enduring impact, ultimately delivering value to its patients, consumers, healthcare professionals, employees, communities, and shareholders. The company is aware that its products are used in an environment where policymakers, consumers, and businesses have expressed concerns about the rising cost of healthcare, and it has a long-standing policy of pricing products responsibly.