Investing in our securities involves risk, and difficult market and economic conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, including by reducing the value or performance of the investments that we manage or by reducing the ability of our funds to raise or deploy capital. Our business and the businesses of the companies in which we invest are materially affected by financial markets and economic conditions or events throughout the world, such as interest rates, availability of credit, inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws, trade barriers, commodity prices, currency exchange rates, and national and international political circumstances. The turmoil in the global financial markets during 2008 and 2009 provoked significant volatility of securities prices and had a material adverse effect on our businesses. Unfavorable market and economic conditions may reduce opportunities for our funds to make, exit, and realize value from their investments. Challenging market and economic conditions may make it difficult for us to find suitable investments for our funds or secure financing for investments on attractive terms. During periods of unfavorable fundraising conditions, fund investors may negotiate for lower fees or different fee-sharing arrangements, which could result in our agreement to terms that are materially less favorable to us than for prior funds we have managed. Our profitability may also be materially and adversely affected by our fixed costs and the possibility that we would be unable to scale back other costs within a time frame sufficient to match any decreases in net income relating to a downturn in market and economic conditions. Negative financial results in our funds' portfolio companies may result in lower investment returns for our investment funds, which could materially and adversely affect our operating results and cash flow. Adverse conditions may also increase the risk of default with respect to private equity, credit, and other investments that we manage. We depend on our founders and other key personnel, the loss of whose services could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our success depends on the continued service of these individuals, and the loss of any of them could jeopardize our relationships with investors in our funds and members of the business community. We strive to maintain a work environment that reinforces our culture of collaboration, motivation, and alignment of interests with fund investors. Operational risks and data security breaches may disrupt our businesses, result in losses, or limit our growth. We rely heavily on our financial, accounting, and other data processing systems. If any of these systems do not operate properly or are disabled, we could suffer financial loss, a disruption of our