Pharmaceutical research and development is very costly and highly uncertain; we may not succeed in developing or acquiring commercially successful products sufficient in number or value to replace revenues of products that have lost or will soon lose intellectual property protection or are displaced by competing products or therapies. There are many difficulties and uncertainties inherent in pharmaceutical research and development and the introduction of new products. Delays and uncertainties in drug approval processes can result in delays in product launches and lost market opportunity. We must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications or brand extensions for existing products sufficient both to cover our substantial research and development costs and to replace revenues that are lost as profitable products lose intellectual property exclusivity or are displaced by competing products or therapies. Our long-term success depends on intellectual property protection; if our intellectual property rights are invalidated, circumvented, or weakened, our business will be adversely affected. Our long-term success depends on our ability to continually discover or acquire, develop, and commercialize innovative new pharmaceutical products. We face intense competition from multinational pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, and lower-cost generic and biosimilar manufacturers, and such competition could have a material adverse effect on our business. We rely on third parties, including suppliers, distributors, alliances with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, and third-party service providers, for selected aspects of product development, manufacture, commercialization, support for information technology systems, product distribution, and certain financial transactional processes. The failure or inadequacy of our IT systems, the compromise, disruption, degradation, manipulation, loss, theft, destruction, or unauthorized disclosure or use of confidential information, or the unauthorized access to, disruption of, or interference with our products and services that rely on IT systems, could impair our ability to secure and maintain intellectual property rights; result in a product manufacturing interruption or failure, or in the interruption or failure of products or services that rely on IT systems; damage our operations, customer relationships, or reputation; and cause us to lose trade secrets or other competitive advantages. Significant economic downturns or international trade disruptions or disputes could adversely affect our business and operating results. While pharmaceuticals have not generally been sensitive to overall economic cycles, prolonged economic slowdowns could lead to decreased utilization of our products, affecting our sales volume. Declining tax revenues attributable to economic downturns increase the pressure on governments to reduce health care spending, leading to increasing government efforts to control drug prices and utilization. We continue to implement measures in an effort to protect, detect, respond to, and minimize or prevent risks and to enhance the resiliency of our IT systems; however, these measures may not be successful. If they are not successful, any of these events could result in material financial, legal, business, or reputational harm to our business. We manage research and development spending across our portfolio of molecules, and a delay in, or termination of, any one project will not necessarily cause a significant change in our total research and development spending. We believe that amounts accessible through existing commercial paper markets should be adequate to fund any short-term borrowing needs. We continue to monitor the potential impacts of the economic environment; the creditworthiness of our wholesalers and other customers; the uncertain impact of health care legislation; and various international government funding levels. Our corporate risk-management policy outlines the minimum and maximum hedge coverage of such exposures.