We may be unable to adapt our business concept in a rapidly evolving retail environment to address the changing shopping habits, demands and demographics of our customers, or realize the intended benefits of organizational change initiatives. Our success is dependent on our ability to identify and respond to the economic, social, style and other trends that affect demographic and consumer preferences in a variety of our merchandise categories and service offerings. Failure to identify such trends, adapt our business concept, and implement change, growth, and productivity initiatives successfully could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for the home improvement products and services we sell, the rate of growth of our business, our market share and results of operations. Our interactions with customers have evolved into an omni-channel experience as they increasingly are using computers, tablets, mobile phones and other electronic devices to shop in our stores and online. The success of our strategic initiatives to adapt our business concept to our customers' changing shopping habits and demands will require us to deliver large, complex programs requiring integrated planning, initiative prioritization and program sequencing. These initiatives will require new competencies in many positions, and our management, employees and contractors will have to adapt and learn new skills and capabilities. Our ability to meet our labor needs, particularly in a competitive labor market, while controlling our costs is subject to a variety of external factors, including wage rates, the availability of and competition for talent, health care and other benefit costs. We must continue to manage, preserve and grow our public image and reputation. Any negative incident can erode trust and confidence quickly, and adverse publicity about us could damage our reputation and brand image, undermine our customers' confidence, reduce demand for our products and services, and affect our relationships with current and future vendors. Our business could be affected by uncharacteristic or significant weather conditions, including natural disasters, which could impact our operations. Natural disasters can affect consumer spending and confidence and could have an adverse effect on our financial performance. These types of events can also adversely affect our workforce and prevent associates and customers from reaching our stores and other facilities. In addition, these events may affect our information systems, resulting in disruption to various aspects of our operations, including our ability to transact with customers and fulfill orders. Our ability to be competitive on delivery times, delivery costs, and delivery options depends on many factors, including successful implementation of our initiatives related to supply chain transformation. Our failure to respond effectively to competitive pressures and changes in the markets for home improvement products and services could affect our financial performance. We rely upon a number of vendors as the sole or primary source of some of the products we sell. The inability to effectively manage and maintain our relationships with these suppliers could negatively impact our business operations and financial results. We source a large number of our products from foreign manufacturers, and changes in tax or trade policies could adversely affect our business. Our financial performance could be adversely affected if our management information systems are seriously disrupted or we fail to properly maintain, improve, upgrade and expand those systems. Our efforts to provide an omni-channel experience for our customers include investing in, maintaining and making ongoing improvements of our existing management information systems that support operations. Our liquidity and access to capital rely on efficient, rational and open capital markets and are dependent on our credit strength. Disruption in the financial markets or an erosion of our credit strength could impact negatively our ability to meet capital requirements or fund working capital needs.