The payments industry regulation may have a material adverse impact on our overall business and results of operations, as increased regulation and oversight could result in costly compliance burdens or otherwise increase our costs. Such laws or compliance burdens could impact our profitability and limit our ability to innovate or offer differentiated products and services. The complexity of this payment technology requires careful management to address security vulnerabilities that are different from those faced on our core network. Our ability to develop and adopt new services and technologies may be inhibited by industry-wide solutions and standards, and by resistance from customers or merchants to such changes. We maintain a business continuity program to analyze risk, assess potential impacts, and develop effective response strategies, but any interruption or degradation could adversely affect the perception of the reliability of products carrying our brands. Information security incidents or account data compromise events could disrupt our business, damage our reputation, increase our costs, and cause losses. Our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission, and storage of confidential, proprietary, and other information and technology in our computer systems and networks, as well as the systems of our third-party providers. The evolving nature of cyber-threats and the sophistication of organized crime, hackers, and other external parties could lead to security breaches of the networks or systems that support our businesses and customers. We are subject to increasingly complex regulations related to privacy, data, and information security, which could result in negative impacts to our business. Our liquidity and access to capital could also be negatively impacted by the outcome of any legal or regulatory proceedings to which we are a party. The potential outcome of regulatory proceedings and litigation could have a more positive or negative impact on us relative to our competitors. Our business significantly depends on the continued success and competitiveness of our issuing and acquiring customers, and we rely on these relationships to effectively manage our brands and the perception of our payments system. The risk of loss on guarantees is specific to individual customers but may also be driven by regional or global economic conditions. Our ability to adapt to technological changes and evolving industry standards is critical, as failure to keep pace could lead to a decline in the use of our products. The payments industry is characterized by rapid technological change, new product introductions, evolving industry standards, and changing customer needs, which necessitates continual diversification of our integrated products and services. Our efforts to effect change in, or work with, certain jurisdictions may not succeed, which could adversely affect our ability to maintain or increase our revenues. We face disintermediation risks as regulation may enable third-party providers opportunities to route payment transactions away from our networks. The uncertainty surrounding geopolitical events and the potential for adverse economic trends in key countries may also adversely affect our financial performance. The loss of business from any of our large customers could have a material adverse impact on our overall business and results of operations. Our strategic initiatives and operational flexibility are essential to navigate these challenges and maintain organizational resilience in a turbulent market environment.