The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report on Form 10-K. We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized, although we believe we have been prudent in our plans, estimates, and assumptions. Achievement of future results is subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate. An unfavorable outcome or settlement of pending tobacco-related or other litigation could encourage the commencement of additional litigation. Altria and its subsidiaries may be unsuccessful in anticipating changes in adult consumer preferences, responding to changes in consumer purchase behavior, or managing through difficult competitive and economic conditions, which could have an adverse effect on the consolidated results of operations and cash flows of Altria or the business of Altria's tobacco and wine subsidiaries. Altria's tobacco subsidiaries face risks inherent in reliance on a few significant facilities and a small number of key suppliers. An extended disruption at a facility or in service by a supplier could have a material adverse effect on the business, the consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or financial position of Altria and its tobacco subsidiaries. Altria's subsidiaries could decide or be required to recall products, which could have a material adverse effect on the business, reputation, consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or financial position of Altria and its subsidiaries. The failure of Altria's information systems or service providers' information systems to function as intended, or cyber-attacks or security breaches, could have a material adverse effect on the business, reputation, consolidated results of operations, cash flows, or financial position of Altria and its subsidiaries. We continue to make investments in administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect our information systems and data from cyber-threats. Altria may be unable to attract and retain the best talent due to the impact of decreasing social acceptance of tobacco usage and tobacco control actions. Our ability to implement our strategy of attracting and retaining the best talent may be impaired by the impact of decreasing social acceptance of tobacco usage and tobacco regulation and control actions. Altria's tobacco subsidiaries and investees may be unsuccessful in developing and commercializing adjacent products or processes, including innovative tobacco products that may reduce the health risks associated with current tobacco products and that appeal to adult tobacco consumers, which may have an adverse effect on their ability to grow new revenue streams and/or put them at a competitive disadvantage. Significant changes in price, availability, or quality of tobacco, other raw materials, or component parts could have an adverse effect on the profitability and business of Altria's tobacco subsidiaries. Disruption and uncertainty in the credit and capital markets could adversely affect Altria's access to these markets, earnings, and dividend rate. Altria may be required to write down intangible assets, including goodwill, due to impairment, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position. The expected benefits of the Juul transaction may not materialize in the expected manner or timeframe or at all. Adverse developments on any of these matters could negatively impact the commercial viability of such products. If our tobacco subsidiaries or investees do not succeed in their efforts to develop and commercialize innovative tobacco products or to obtain regulatory approval for the marketing or sale of products, including with claims of reduced risk, but one or more of their competitors does succeed, our tobacco subsidiaries or investees may be at a competitive disadvantage, which could have an adverse effect on their financial performance.