The company is dependent on its patent rights, and if its patent rights are invalidated or circumvented, its business could be materially adversely affected. The company seeks patents covering each of its products in each of the markets where it intends to sell the products and where meaningful patent protection is available. The company must maintain a continuous flow of successful new products and successful new indications or brand extensions for existing products sufficient both to cover its substantial research and development costs and to replace sales that are lost as profitable products lose market exclusivity or are displaced by competing products or therapies. The company's ability to generate profits and operating cash flow depends largely upon the continued profitability of the company's key products, such as keytruda, gardasil/gardasil 9, januvia, janumet, and bridion. The company anticipates a significant decline in sales of certain products following the loss of patent protection, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, cash flow, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. The company has implemented a variety of measures to further enhance and modernize its systems to guard against similar attacks in the future, and also is pursuing an enterprise-wide effort to enhance the company's resiliency against future cyber-attacks, including incidents similar to the 2017 attack. The objective of these efforts is not only to protect against future cyber-attacks but also to improve the speed of the company's recovery from such attacks and enable continued business operations to the greatest extent possible during any recovery period. The company continues to leverage new and innovative technologies across the enterprise to improve the efficacy and efficiency of its business processes; the use of which can create new risks. The company is increasingly dependent on sophisticated software applications and complex information technology systems and computing infrastructure to conduct critical operations. Disruption, degradation, or manipulation of these IT systems through intentional or accidental means could adversely affect key business processes. The company continues to monitor its data, information technology, and personnel usage of company IT systems to reduce these risks and continues to do so on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. The company is exposed to market risk from fluctuations in currency exchange rates and interest rates, and it operates in multiple jurisdictions, which exposes it to additional risks. The company has taken actions and made certain contingency plans for scenarios in which the UK and the EU do not reach a mutually satisfactory understanding as to a future trade agreement. The company believes that the health care industry will continue to be subject to increasing regulation as well as political and legal action, as future proposals to reform the health care system are considered. The company is subject to evolving and complex tax laws, which may result in additional liabilities that may affect results of operations and financial condition. The company is also involved in various claims and legal proceedings of a nature considered normal to its business, including product liability, intellectual property, and commercial litigation, as well as certain additional matters including governmental and environmental matters. The company believes that there are no compliance issues associated with applicable environmental laws and regulations that would have a material adverse effect on the company. The company may not be able to realize the expected benefits of its investments in emerging markets, and a failure to maintain the company's presence in these markets could have a material adverse effect on its business, cash flow, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects.