Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of our common stock. We face intense competition across all markets for our products and services, which may lead to lower revenue or operating margins. Our ability to remain competitive depends on our success in making innovative products, devices, and services that appeal to businesses and consumers. We are undertaking cultural and organizational changes to drive accountability and eliminate obstacles to innovation. Our success in the Internet of Things will depend on the level of adoption of our offerings. We may not establish market share sufficient to achieve scale necessary to achieve our business objectives. Our strategic vision is to compete and grow by building best-in-class platforms and productivity services for an intelligent cloud and an intelligent edge infused with artificial intelligence. Our increasing focus on cloud-based services presents execution and competitive risks. We are devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based strategies. Our intelligent cloud and intelligent edge worldview is connected with the growth of the Internet of Things. We may not be effective in executing organizational and technical changes to increase efficiency and accelerate innovation, or if we fail to generate sufficient usage of our new products and services, we may not grow revenue in line with the infrastructure and development investments described above. Cyberattacks and security vulnerabilities could lead to reduced revenue, increased costs, liability claims, or harm to our reputation or competitive position. Security threats are a significant challenge to companies like us whose business is providing technology products and services to others. We must continuously engineer more secure products and services, enhance security and reliability features, and improve the deployment of software updates to address security vulnerabilities. A disruption or failure of our systems or operations because of a major earthquake, weather event, cyberattack, terrorist attack, or other catastrophic event could cause delays in completing sales, providing services, or performing other critical functions. Providing our customers with more services and solutions in the cloud puts a premium on the resilience of our systems and strength of our business continuity management plans. Our corporate headquarters and a significant portion of our research and development activities are in seismically active regions. Abrupt political change, terrorist activity, and armed conflict pose a risk of general economic disruption in affected countries, which may increase our operating costs. Our business is based on successfully attracting and retaining talented employees. The market for highly skilled workers and leaders in our industry is extremely competitive. Maintaining our brand and reputation, as well as a diverse and inclusive work environment that enables all our employees to thrive, are important to our ability to recruit and retain employees. We strive to empower all people and organizations to achieve more, and accessibility of our products is an important aspect of this goal. If our products do not meet customer expectations or emerging global accessibility requirements, we could lose sales opportunities or face regulatory actions. Our global business exposes us to operational and economic risks. The global nature of our business creates operational and economic risks. Our results of operations may be affected by global, regional, and local economic developments, monetary policy, inflation, and recession, as well as political and military disputes.