You should carefully consider the risks described below in addition to the other information set forth in this annual report on Form 10-K, including the management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations section and the consolidated financial statements and related notes. These risks, some of which have occurred and any of which may occur in the future, can have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or the price of our publicly traded securities. The risks described below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us, or that we currently deem to be immaterial, may occur or become material in the future and adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, results of operations or the price of our publicly traded securities. Therefore, historical operating results, financial and business performance, events and trends are often not a reliable indicator of future operating results, financial and business performance, events or trends. Future demand for our products may be adversely affected by changes in consumer preferences or any inability on our part to innovate, market or distribute our products effectively, and any significant reduction in demand could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. We are a global food and beverage company operating in highly competitive categories and markets. To generate revenues and profits, we rely on continued demand for our products and therefore must understand our customers and consumers and sell products that appeal to them in the sales channel in which they prefer to shop or browse for such products. Demand for our products depends in part on our ability to anticipate and effectively respond to shifts in consumer trends and preferences, including increased demand for products that meet the needs of consumers who are concerned with health and wellness; convenience; or the location of origin or source of ingredients and products. Consumer preferences continuously evolve, due to a variety of factors, including changes in consumer demographics, including the aging of the general population and the emergence of the millennial and younger generations who have differing spending, consumption and purchasing habits. These factors have in the past and could in the future reduce consumers' willingness to purchase certain of our products, and any inability on our part to anticipate or react to such changes can lead to reduced demand for our products or erode our competitive and financial position. Our future success and earnings growth depend, in part, on our ability to continue to reduce costs and improve efficiencies, including implementing shared business service organizational models while reinvesting back into the business. Our productivity initiatives help support our growth initiatives and contribute to our results of operations. We continue to implement productivity initiatives that we believe will position our business for long-term sustainable growth by allowing us to achieve a lower cost structure, improve decision-making and operate more efficiently in the highly competitive beverage, food and snack categories and markets. Our ability, and that of our suppliers and other third parties, to make, manufacture, transport, distribute and sell products in our portfolio is critical to our success. Damage or disruption to our or their operations has occurred in the past and could continue to occur due to any of the following factors which can impair the ability to make, manufacture, transport, distribute or sell products in our portfolio: adverse weather conditions or natural disasters, government action, economic or political uncertainties or instability in countries in which such products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold, which may also affect our ability to protect the security of our assets and employees, fire, terrorism, outbreak or escalation of armed hostilities, food safety warnings or recalls, health epidemics or pandemics or other contagious outbreaks, supply and commodity shortages, unplanned delays or unexpected problems associated with repairs or enhancements of facilities in which such products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold, loss or impairment of key manufacturing sites, cyber incidents, including the disruption or shutdown of computer systems or other information technology systems at our offices, plants, warehouses, distribution centers or other facilities or those of our suppliers and other third parties who make, manufacture, transport, distribute and sell products in our portfolio.