The statements in this section describe the major risks to our business and should be considered carefully. Our disclosure and analysis contain forward-looking statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. We have tried, wherever possible, to identify such statements by using words such as "will," "may," "could," "likely," "ongoing," "anticipate," "estimate," "expect," "project," "intend," "plan," "believe," "assume," "target," "forecast," "guidance," "goal," "objective," "aim," "seek," and other words and terms of similar meaning. The ability to respond effectively to environmental disruptions and transform itself to emerge stronger from a challenging situation is critical. Our growth potential depends in large part on our ability to identify and develop new products or new indications for existing products that address unmet medical needs. Balancing current growth, investment for future growth, and the delivery of shareholder return remains a major challenge. We continue to strengthen our global R&D organization and pursue strategies intended to improve innovation and overall productivity to achieve a sustainable pipeline that is positioned to deliver value in the near term and over time. The anticipated benefits from the reorganization of our commercial operations in 2019 and our expectations regarding growth are significant. Our strategies in emerging markets may not be successful, and these countries may not continue to sustain growth rates. We face uncertainties due to federal legislative and administrative efforts to repeal or modify provisions of the Affordable Care Act, which could adversely affect our business and financial results. The discovery and development of safe, effective new products, as well as the development of additional uses for existing products, are necessary for the continued strength of our businesses. Our ability to realize value on significant investments is often contingent upon regulatory approvals and market acceptance. We face challenges in maintaining the integrity of our supply chains against economic adulteration, product diversion, and cyberattacks. The impact of payers' efforts to control access to and pricing of specialty pharmaceuticals is increasing. We depend on third-party collaborators and service providers for multiple aspects of our drug development, manufacturing, and commercialization activities. Failure by these parties to complete activities on schedule or in accordance with our expectations could delay or prevent the development, approval, manufacturing, or commercialization of our products. We are subject to extensive regulation by governmental authorities, and failure to comply may subject us to operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. Our international operations could be affected by currency fluctuations, economic conditions, and other restrictive government actions. The global economic environment has not had, nor do we anticipate that it will have, a material impact on our liquidity or capital resources. We cannot predict the likelihood of future changes in economic conditions, or what impact they may have on our results of operations. The ongoing investments in new product introductions and R&D for new products and existing product extensions could exceed corresponding sales growth. Our ability to launch a generic or biosimilar pharmaceutical product at or before the anticipated formation of the marketplace is important to that product's profitability. We continue to monitor credit, capital restrictions, and economic situations in volatile regions and markets. The anticipated operational, financial, strategic, and other benefits of our strategic initiatives may not be achieved, and the integration of businesses may result in the loss of key employees or disruption of ongoing business.