Our operations and structure involve various risks that could adversely affect our business and financial condition, including but not limited to, our financial position, results of operations, cash flow, ability to make distributions and payments to security holders and the market value of our securities. We are subject to social, political and economic risks of doing business in many countries, which may impact our organizational health and operational flexibility. Disruptions in the global capital and credit markets may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition, potentially impacting our ability to make principal and interest payments on debt or refinance any outstanding debt when due. Our business and operations could suffer in the event of system failures or cyber security attacks, which could result in a material disruption to our business and affect our resilience strategies. We depend on the deep industry knowledge and efforts of our executive officers and other key employees, and the loss of key personnel could adversely affect our performance and competitive position. Our business could be adversely impacted if we have deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting, which may not prevent all errors or misstatements. We hold significant real estate investments in international markets, and fluctuations in foreign currencies may have a material adverse effect on our business. We attempt to mitigate our risk by borrowing in the currencies in which we have significant investments, thereby providing a natural hedge. Our investments are concentrated in the logistics sector, which may expose us to the risk of economic downturns in that sector. Our operating performance is further impacted by the economic conditions of the specific markets in which we have concentrations of properties, and conditions such as an oversupply of logistics space or a reduction in demand for logistics space may impact operational continuity. We are subject to risks and liabilities in connection with forming co-investment ventures and managing properties through these ventures, which may affect our ability to achieve our business objectives. Our real estate development strategies may not be successful, and we may not be able to obtain financing for development projects on favorable terms or at all. We evaluate our earthquake insurance coverage annually, and our properties are located in areas that are known to be subject to earthquake activity, hurricane, or flood risk. We carry insurance coverage including property damage and rental loss insurance, but certain losses may not be fully insured against. Our ability to access debt and equity capital on favorable terms or at all depends on various factors, including general market conditions and our current and potential future earnings. Adverse changes in our credit ratings could negatively impact our financing activity and ability to manage debt maturities. We may need to rely on third-party sources of capital to meet our capital needs, including acquisition and development activities. Our future common stock dividends may vary and will be determined by the board based upon the circumstances prevailing at the time, including our financial condition and operating results. We consider our ability to generate cash from operating activities and distributions from our co-investment ventures to be adequate to meet our anticipated future development, acquisition, operating, debt service, dividend, and distribution requirements.