The following risk factors should be read carefully in connection with evaluating our business and the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report on Form 10-K. Our business faces significant governmental action aimed at increasing regulatory requirements with the goal of reducing or preventing the use of tobacco products. Governmental actions, combined with the diminishing social acceptance of smoking and private actions to restrict smoking, have resulted in reduced industry volume in many of our markets, and we expect that such factors will continue to reduce consumption levels and will increase down-trading and the risk of counterfeiting, contraband, "illicit whites" and legal cross-border purchases. Our business is subject to changes in adult consumer preferences, which may be influenced by local economic conditions. To be successful, we must promote brand equity successfully, develop new products and markets, improve productivity, and ensure adequate production capacity to meet demand for our products. Our ability to grow profitability may be limited by our inability to introduce new products, enter new markets or improve our margins through higher pricing and improvements in our brand and geographic mix. We may be unable to anticipate changes in adult consumer preferences, and our financial and business performance of our reduced-risk products is less predictable than our cigarette business. We face intense competition, and our failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our profitability and results of operations. The competitive environment and our competitive position can be significantly influenced by weak economic conditions, erosion of consumer confidence, competitors' introduction of lower-price products or innovative products, and product regulation that diminishes the ability to differentiate tobacco products. Our ability to achieve our strategic goals may be impaired if we fail to attract and retain the best global talent. We are building a future on a new category of smoke-free products that, while not risk-free, are a much better choice than continuing to smoke. Through multidisciplinary capabilities in product development, state-of-the-art facilities and scientific substantiation, we aim to ensure that our smoke-free products meet adult consumer preferences and rigorous regulatory requirements. We have backup systems and business continuity plans in place, and we take care to protect our systems and data from unauthorized access. Nevertheless, failure of our systems to function as intended, or penetration of our systems by outside parties intent on extracting or corrupting information or otherwise disrupting business processes, could place us at a competitive disadvantage, result in a loss of revenue, assets or personal or other sensitive data, litigation and regulatory action, cause damage to our reputation and that of our brands and result in significant remediation and other costs. Our ability to grow profitability may be limited by our inability to introduce new products, enter new markets or improve our margins through higher pricing and improvements in our brand and geographic mix. We may be required to replace third-party contract manufacturers or service providers with our own resources. In certain instances, we contract with third parties to manufacture some of our products or product parts or to provide other services. We may be unable to renew these agreements on satisfactory terms for numerous reasons, including government regulations. Our operations may be influenced by economic, regulatory and political developments, natural disasters, pandemics or conflicts, which could disrupt our supply chain, manufacturing capabilities or distribution capabilities.