Our revenues and growth in revenues could be negatively impacted if wireless operators delay next-generation network deployments, expansions or upgrades or delay moving customers to 3G/4G and 3G/4G/5G multimode devices, as well as 4G and 5G single-mode devices. Our industry is subject to competition in an environment of rapid technological changes, and our success depends in part on our ability to adapt to such changes and compete effectively. We expect competition to increase as our current competitors expand their product offerings or reduce the prices of their products as part of a strategy to maintain existing business and customers or attract new business and customers. The semiconductor industry has experienced and may continue to experience consolidation, which could result in significant changes to the competitive landscape. We anticipate that our future success will depend on our ability to differentiate our integrated circuit products with innovative technologies across multiple products and features and with smaller geometry process technologies that drive both performance and lower power consumption. We must make substantial research, development and other investments, such as acquisitions, in new products, services and technologies to compete successfully. Our growth significantly depends on new and expanded product areas, such as RF Front-End (RFFE), and adjacent industry segments and applications outside of traditional cellular industries, such as automotive, computing, IoT and networking, among others. We continue to invest significant resources to develop our wireless baseband chipsets, and our converged computing/communications chipsets, which incorporate technologies in various areas that contribute to the expansion of our intellectual property portfolio. Our business is also impacted by the concentration of device share among a few companies, particularly within the premium tier, resulting in significant supply chain leverage for those companies. We expect our business, particularly QCT, to continue to be impacted by industry dynamics, including decisions by companies to utilize their own internally-developed integrated circuit products and/or sell such products to others. Regulatory authorities have investigated our business practices, and unfavorable resolutions of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. The continued and future success of our licensing programs requires us to continue to evolve our patent portfolio, and our licensing programs may be impacted by the proliferation of devices in new industry segments as well as the need to renew or renegotiate license agreements that are expiring. We are subject to various laws, regulations, policies and standards, and our business may suffer as a result of existing, new or amended laws, regulations, policies or standards, or our failure or inability to comply with them. Our manufacturing operations depend on securing raw materials and other supplies in adequate quality and quantity in a timely manner from multiple suppliers, and we rely on a limited number of suppliers, particularly in Asia. We may be faced with a decline in the utilization rates of our manufacturing facilities due to decreases in demand for our products, including in less favorable industry environments. Our ability to develop or maintain leading process technologies could impact our ability to introduce new products and meet customer demand, which could increase our costs and subject us to the risk of excess inventories. We expect to continue to devote significant resources to the security of our information technology systems to mitigate risks associated with unauthorized access and potential breaches.