The financial performance of Southern Company and its subsidiaries may be adversely affected if the subsidiaries are unable to successfully operate their facilities or perform certain corporate functions. There are many risks that could affect these operations, including operator error or failure of equipment or processes, accidents, operating limitations imposed by environmental or other regulatory requirements, labor disputes, physical attacks, fuel or material supply interruptions, and compliance with mandatory reliability standards. The occurrence of any of these events could negatively impact the ability of the subsidiary registrants to operate and could adversely affect financial results and liquidity. Despite the implementation of robust security measures, all assets are potentially vulnerable to failures or unauthorized access due to human error, natural disasters, technological failure, or internal or external physical attacks. If assets were to fail or be physically damaged and were not restored in a timely manner, the affected subsidiary registrant may be unable to fulfill critical business functions. The registrants face ongoing threats to their assets, including critical infrastructure, where systems have been subject to advanced computer viruses or other malicious codes. The inability to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce could negatively impact results of operations, as events such as an aging workforce without appropriate replacements may lead to operating challenges such as lack of resources and loss of knowledge. The registrants are also subject to risks associated with a changing economic environment, customer behaviors, and the adoption of technologies by customers. Any economic downturn could negatively impact customer growth and usage per customer, thus reducing energy sales and revenues. The traditional electric operating companies and Southern Company Gas are dependent on their ability to successfully access funds through capital markets and financial institutions. The inability to access funds may limit the ability to execute business plans by impacting capital investments or acquisitions. The registrants engage in long-term planning processes to estimate the optimal mix and timing of new generation assets required to serve future load obligations, which must consider many uncertain factors, including economic conditions and customer usage patterns. The financial condition of the registrants may be adversely affected by significant capital expenditures required to maintain reliable levels of operation, especially as older equipment may require significant expenditures to comply with changing environmental requirements. The registrants are also subject to risks associated with their ability to obtain adequate insurance at acceptable costs, as the financial condition of some insurance companies and actual or threatened physical or cyber attacks could disrupt insurance markets. Any losses not covered by insurance could adversely affect the results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition of the affected registrant. The registrants utilize derivative instruments to manage commodity and interest rate exposures, which could result in financial losses that negatively impact net income or result in reported net income volatility. The registrants' ability to achieve anticipated benefits from acquisitions, dispositions, or other strategic ventures may present risks not originally contemplated, which may have a material adverse effect on liquidity and financial condition. The registrants' ultimate environmental compliance strategy and future expenditures will depend on various factors, including state adoption and implementation of requirements and the availability and cost of deployed control technology.