The risks and uncertainties described could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Economic conditions and volatility across the globe are generally affected by negative or uncertain economic and political conditions. Natural and man-made disasters, as well as outbreaks of pandemic or contagious diseases, introduce volatility and uncertainty into the global capital and commodities markets. Our ability to continue to operate will depend, in part, on the availability of our personnel, our office facilities, and the proper functioning of our computer, telecommunication, and other related systems and operations. We regularly assess and take steps to improve our existing business continuity plans and key management succession. However, a disaster on a significant scale or affecting certain of our key operating areas could materially interrupt our business operations and result in material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm, or legal liability. We have outsourced certain functions to third-party service providers, which involves risks that these providers may not perform to our standards or legal requirements, potentially leading to material financial loss and reputational harm. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential, sensitive, and other types of data and information. Breaches of our or our vendors' systems may cause material interruptions or malfunctions, compromising the confidentiality and integrity of material information regarding us, our business, or our customers. We are exposed to risks related to cybersecurity and protection of confidential information, and we experience cyber attacks of varying degrees regularly. Although we devote significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes designed to protect the security of our computer systems, there is no assurance that all of our security measures will provide absolute security. The financial services industry is highly regulated and subject to the potential for increased regulation, which can increase our costs of doing business and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Our strategic initiatives include pursuing growth via adjacencies and better serving our customers through our commitment to corporate responsibility and sustainability. We seek to deliver an exceptional, differentiated customer experience by enhancing our foundational capabilities and evolving our core businesses. We rely heavily on network systems and the internet, and any failures or disruptions may adversely affect our ability to serve our customers. Our ability to attract and retain talented employees is critical, as our business is dependent on their knowledge, experience, and ability. Negative perceptions or publicity could damage our reputation with customers, prospects, regulators, and the public, which could negatively impact our ability to attract and retain customers, employees, and suppliers. Our expansion into new markets requires significant levels of investment and attention from management, and there can be no assurance that these markets will develop as anticipated. The geographic breadth of our activities subjects us to significant legal, economic, operational, market, compliance, and reputational risks, including fluctuations in interest rates and currency exchange rates. Adverse developments in these areas could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.