We recognize that most of these factors are beyond our ability to control and therefore we cannot predict an outcome. Adverse changes in medical costs, the U.S. securities markets, and interest rates could materially increase our benefit plan costs. Our costs to provide current benefits and funding for future benefits are subject to increases, primarily due to continuing increases in medical and prescription drug costs. Adverse changes in global financial markets could limit our ability and our larger customers' ability to access capital or increase the cost of capital needed to fund business operations. During 2019, volatility in the credit, currency, equity, and fixed income markets persisted due to continued uncertainty surrounding global growth rates. Uncertainty regarding ongoing U.S. tariffs on Chinese goods and vice versa, the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the European Union, and other political developments could significantly affect global financial markets. Our international operations have increased our exposure to political instability, changes in the international economy, and the level of regulation on our business. We are exposed to restrictions on cash repatriation, foreign exchange controls, fluctuations in currency values, and changes in relationships between U.S. and foreign governments. Our ability to offer service in one or more countries could be adversely affected, and customers in these countries may be unable to purchase the services we offer or pay for services already provided. Cyberattacks, equipment failures, natural disasters, and terrorist acts may materially adversely affect our operations. Our wired network is becoming increasingly reliant on software as it evolves to handle increasing demands for video transmission. Our ability to maintain and upgrade our video programming also depends on our ability to successfully deploy and operate video satellites. Our inability to deploy or operate our networks or customer support systems or protect sensitive personal information could result in significant expenses, potential legal liability, a loss of current or future customers, and reputation damage. Increases in our debt levels to fund acquisitions, additional spectrum purchases, or other strategic decisions could adversely affect our ability to finance future debt at attractive rates and reduce our ability to respond to competition and adverse economic trends. We expect revenue growth in our wireless and broadband businesses as customers demand premium content and higher speeds made possible by our fiber network expansion and wireless network enhancements through 5G deployment. We anticipate that applications like video streaming will drive greater demand for broadband. Our ability to respond will depend on continued improvement in network quality and customer service as well as effective marketing of attractive products and services. Our strategic services include data services, voice service, security, and cloud solutions, which are essential for adapting to changing customer needs and maintaining operational flexibility. We are taking steps to mitigate risks from changes in the television industry and consumer viewing patterns, including the launch of our HBO Max direct-to-consumer streaming platform. Our ability to attract subscribers will depend on our ability to provide compelling content choices and a quality experience. We must continually add new subscribers both to replace canceled subscribers and to grow our business. If we do not grow as expected, our margins, liquidity, and results of operations may be adversely impacted. Our ability to manage growth in wireless data services, including network quality and acquisition of adequate spectrum at reasonable costs, is critical for maintaining competitive advantage.