We are susceptible to a potential downturn associated with macroeconomic weakness, which may affect our performance and the performance of our customers. Our global operations subject us to risks associated with domestic or international political, social, economic or other conditions. We are exposed to political, social and economic conditions, security risks, terrorism or other hostile acts, health conditions, labor conditions, and possible disruptions in transportation, communications and information technology networks of the various countries in which we operate. We face substantial competition that requires us to respond rapidly to product development and pricing pressures. The price and product development pressures that result from competition may lead to reduced profit margins and lost business opportunities in the event that we are unable to match the price declines or cost efficiencies, or meet the technological, product, support, software or manufacturing advancements of our competitors. Our ability to match inventory and production with the product mix needed to fill orders may affect our ability to meet a quarter's revenue forecast. Our operating results and our reputation could be adversely affected by breaches, disruptions or other incidents relating to our information technology systems. Our ability to successfully implement strategic, business and organizational changes could affect our business plans and results of operations. We may not achieve or sustain the expected growth, cost savings or other benefits of strategic, business and organizational changes, and restructuring charges could differ materially in amount and timing from our expectations. Our results of operations could be affected by natural events in the locations in which we operate. A natural disaster that results in a prolonged disruption, particularly where we have principal manufacturing and design operations, may adversely affect our results and financial condition. Rapid technological change in markets we serve requires us to develop new technologies and products. We make significant investments in research and development to improve existing technology and products, develop new products to meet changing customer demands, and improve our production processes. We rely on third parties to supply us with goods and services in a cost-effective and timely manner. Our access to needed goods and services may be adversely affected by potential disputes with suppliers or disruptions in our suppliers' operations. If our suppliers are unable to access credit markets and other sources of needed liquidity, we may be unable to obtain needed supplies. Our relationships with customers and suppliers may be adversely affected if we are unable to describe our products as conflict-free. Our inability to timely implement new manufacturing technologies or install manufacturing equipment could adversely affect our results of operations. Our results of operations could be affected by warranty claims, product liability claims, product recalls or legal proceedings. Our operations could be affected by the complex laws, rules and regulations to which our business is subject. Compliance with these laws, rules and regulations may be onerous and expensive and could restrict our ability to manufacture or ship our products and operate our business. Our continued success depends in part on our ability to retain and recruit a sufficient number of qualified employees in a competitive environment. Our continued success depends in part on the retention and recruitment of skilled personnel, as well as the effective management of succession for key employees. We believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months. The combined effect of our ambitions, business model and sustainable competitive advantages is that we have continued to build a stronger company.