The health care market continues to change based on demographic shifts, new regulations, political forces, and both payer and patient expectations. Health plans and care providers are being called upon to work together to close gaps in care and improve overall care quality, improve the health of populations, and reduce costs. We continue to see a greater number of people enrolled in plans with underlying incentive-based care provider payment models that reward high-quality, affordable care and foster collaboration. We work together with clinicians to leverage our data and analytics to provide the necessary information to close gaps in care and improve overall health outcomes for patients. Our businesses participate in the United States, South America, and certain other international health markets, and we expect overall spending on health care to continue to grow in the future, due to inflation, medical technology and pharmaceutical advancement, regulatory requirements, demographic trends in the population, and national interest in health and well-being. We endeavor to mitigate increases in medical costs by engaging physicians and consumers with information and helping them make clinically sound choices, with the objective of helping them achieve high-quality, affordable care. The ongoing Medicare Advantage funding pressure places continued importance on effective medical management and ongoing improvements in administrative efficiency. We continue to advocate for actuarially sound rates that are commensurate with our medical cost trends and remain dedicated to partnering with those states that are committed to the long-term viability of their programs. Our success in the health care marketplace will depend on our ability to develop and deliver innovative and potentially disruptive products and services to satisfy evolving market demands. If we do not continue to innovate and provide products and services that are useful and relevant to consumers, we may not remain competitive, and we risk losing market share to existing competitors and disruptive new market entrants. Our relationships with producers could be materially and adversely impacted by changes in our business practices and the nature of our relationships to address these pressures, including potential reductions in commission levels. Unfavorable economic conditions could materially and adversely affect our revenues and our results of operations. A prolonged unfavorable economic environment could adversely impact the financial position of hospitals and other care providers, which could materially and adversely affect our contracted rates with these parties and increase our medical costs. We manage medical costs through underwriting criteria, product design, negotiation of favorable provider contracts, and care management programs. Our ability to implement new and innovative services, price adequately our products and services, provide effective service to our customers in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, and report accurately our results of operations depends on the integrity of the data in our information systems. If we fail to maintain properly the integrity or availability of our data or successfully consolidate, integrate, upgrade, or expand our existing information systems, or if our technology products do not operate as intended, our business could be materially and adversely affected. Our business activities are highly regulated, and new laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations could materially and adversely affect our business. We are also required to obtain and maintain regulatory approvals to market many of our products and services, which could restrict revenue and enrollment growth, increase our health care and administrative costs and capital requirements, or expose us to increased liability in courts for coverage determinations, contract interpretation, and other actions.