The risks described could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. Our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that apply to all companies operating in the U.S. and globally. Strategic risks, including general or macro-economic factors, may materially adversely affect our financial performance. Economic conditions and other factors could adversely affect consumer demand for the products we sell, change the mix of products we sell, or otherwise materially adversely affect our operations and operating results. We face strong competition from other retailers and wholesale club operators, which could materially adversely affect our financial performance. A failure to respond effectively to competitive pressures and changes in the retail markets could materially adversely affect our financial performance. Certain segments of the retail industry are undergoing consolidation, which could result in increased competition and significantly alter the dynamics of the retail marketplace. Natural disasters, changes in climate, and geopolitical events could materially adversely affect our financial performance. Such events could result in physical damage to our properties, closure of stores, limitations on operating hours, and disruption in the supply of products from suppliers. Our results for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 were negatively impacted by riots and looting in Chile, which resulted in us closing a number of our stores until the disruption abated. We bear the risk of losses incurred as a result of physical damage to stores and business interruption caused by such events. The products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international suppliers, and our ability to find qualified suppliers is a significant challenge. Political and economic instability, as well as other impactful events, could adversely affect our financial performance. We rely extensively on information systems to process transactions and manage our business, and disruptions in our systems could harm our ability to conduct operations. Cyber threats are rapidly evolving, and any compromise of our data security systems could materially adversely affect our business operations and financial condition. We are subject to various industry data protection standards and protocols, and any failure to maintain security could result in significant legal and financial exposure. Our international operations are subject to legislative, judicial, accounting, legal, regulatory, tax, political, and economic risks, which could materially adversely affect our business or financial performance. Changes in tax and trade laws and regulations could materially adversely affect our financial performance. Our ability to attract and retain qualified associates is critical to our business success, and increases in wage and benefit costs could materially adversely affect our financial performance. Our operations are influenced by numerous factors, including catastrophic events, competitive pressures, consumer disposable income, and changes in consumer preferences. We continuously monitor the potential impact of global health epidemics on our business. Our strategy includes improving customer-facing initiatives and creating a seamless omni-channel experience, which is essential for maintaining competitive advantage and operational flexibility.