item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the blackstone group l.p.'s consolidated financial statements and the related notes included within this annual report on form 10-k.
our business blackstone is one of the largest independent managers of private capital in the world. our business is organized into four segments:
•                                                  private equity. we are a world leader in private equity investing, having managed seven general private equity funds, as well as three sector focused funds, since we established this business in 1987. our private equity segment includes our corporate private equity business, which consists of our flagship private equity funds (blackstone capital partners ("bcp") funds), our sector-focused private equity funds, including our energy-focused funds (blackstone energy partners ("bep") funds) and our new asia-focused fund. in addition, our private equity segment includes our core private equity fund, blackstone core equity partners ("bcep"), our opportunistic investment platform that invests globally across asset classes, industries and geographies, blackstone tactical opportunities ("tactical opportunities"), our secondary private equity fund of funds business, strategic partners fund solutions ("strategic partners"), a multi-asset investment program for eligible high net worth investors offering exposure to certain of blackstone's key illiquid investment strategies through a single commitment, blackstone total alternatives solution ("btas") and our capital markets services business, blackstone capital markets ("bxcm").
our corporate private equity business pursues transactions throughout the world across a variety of transaction types, including large buyouts, mid-cap buyouts, buy and build platforms (which involve multiple acquisitions behind a single management team and platform) and growth equity/development projects (which involve significant minority investments in mature companies and greenfield development projects in energy and power). tactical opportunities invests globally across asset classes, industries and geographies, seeking to identify and execute on attractive, differentiated investment opportunities, leveraging the intellectual capital across our various businesses while continuously optimizing its approach in the face of ever changing market conditions. strategic partners focuses on delivering access to a range of opportunities, leveraging its proprietary database to acquire single fund interests or complex portfolios in an efficient and timely manner.
•                                                         real estate. our real estate group is one of the largest real estate investment managers in the world. we operate as one globally integrated business, with investments in north america, europe, asia and latin america. our real estate investment team seeks to establish a differentiated view and capitalizes on our scale and proprietary information advantages to invest with conviction and generate attractive risk-adjusted returns for our investors over the long term.
our blackstone real estate partners ("brep") funds are geographically diversified and target a broad range of "opportunistic" real estate and real estate related investments. the brep funds include global funds as well as funds focused specifically on europe or asia investments. we seek to acquire high quality, well-located yet undermanaged assets at an attractive basis, address any property or business issues through active asset management and sell the assets once our business plan is accomplished. brep has made significant investments in hotels, office buildings, shopping centers, residential and industrial assets, as well as a variety of real estate operating companies.
our core+ real estate business, blackstone property partners ("bpp") has assembled a global portfolio of high quality core+ investments across the u.s., europe and asia. we manage several core+ real estate funds, which target substantially stabilized assets in prime markets with a focus on office, multifamily, industrial and retail assets.
breit, a non-exchange traded reit, is focused on investing primarily in stabilized income-oriented commercial real estate in the u.s.
our blackstone real estate debt strategies ("breds") vehicles target debt investment opportunities collateralized by commercial real estate in both public and private markets, primarily in the u.s. and europe. breds' scale and investment mandates enable it to provide a variety of lending and investment options including mezzanine loans, senior loans and liquid securities. the breds platform includes a number of high yield real estate debt funds, liquid real estate debt funds and bxmt, a nyse-listed real estate investment trust ("reit").
•                                                      hedge fund solutions. blackstone's hedge fund solutions segment is comprised principally of blackstone alternative asset management
("baam"). baam is the world's largest discretionary allocator to hedge funds, managing a broad range of commingled and customized fund solutions since its inception in 1990. the hedge fund solutions segment also includes investment platforms that seed new hedge fund businesses, purchase minority ownership interests in more established hedge funds, invest in special situation opportunities, create alternative solutions in regulated structures and trade directly.
•                                                       credit. our credit segment consists principally of gso capital partners lp ("gso") which was founded in 2005 and subsequently acquired by blackstone in 2008. gso is one of the largest leveraged finance-focused alternative asset managers in the world and is the largest manager of collateralized loan obligations ("clos") globally. the investment portfolios of the funds we manage or sub-advise predominantly consist of loans and securities of non-investment grade companies spread across the capital structure including senior debt, subordinated debt, preferred stock and common equity.
the gso business is organized into three overarching strategies: performing credit, distressed and long only. our performing credit strategies include mezzanine lending funds, middle market direct lending funds (which would include the business development companies sub-advisory business ("bdcs")), and other performing credit strategy funds. our distressed strategies include credit alpha strategies, stressed/distressed funds and energy strategies. gso's long only strategies consist of clos, closed end funds, commingled funds and separately managed accounts.
in addition, our credit business includes our publicly traded mlp and investment platform, which are managed by harvest. harvest, which was founded in 2005 and subsequently acquired by blackstone in 2017, primarily invests capital raised from institutional investors in separately managed accounts and pooled vehicles, investing in publicly traded mlps holding primarily midstream energy assets in the u.s.
our insurer-focused platform, bis, partners with insurers to deliver customizable and diversified portfolios of blackstone products across asset classes, as well as the option for full management of insurance companies' investment portfolios.
we generate revenue from fees earned pursuant to contractual arrangements with funds, fund investors and fund portfolio companies (including management, transaction and monitoring fees), and from capital markets services. we invest in the funds we manage and, in most cases, receive a preferred allocation of income (i.e., a carried interest) or an incentive fee from an investment fund in the event that specified cumulative investment returns are achieved (generally collectively referred to as "performance fees"). the composition of our revenues will vary based on market conditions and the cyclicality of the different businesses in which we operate. net investment gains and investment income generated by the blackstone funds, principally private equity and real estate funds, are driven by value created by our operating and strategic initiatives as well as overall market conditions. fair values are affected by changes in the fundamentals of the portfolio company, the portfolio company's industry, the overall economy and other market conditions.
business environment blackstone's businesses are materially affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions in the u.s., europe, asia and, to a lesser extent, elsewhere in the world.
2017 was characterized by global economic expansion which supported robust corporate earnings growth and strong equity market performance. nearly all major global indices advanced, with the s&p 500 up 19% to new record levels, the msci world index up 20%, and the msci europe and asia indices up 22% and 31%, respectively. emerging market equities performed well, supported by a healthy rebound in global trade and a weaker u.s. dollar, with the msci emerging markets index up 34% for the year.
in the u.s., economic growth and the passage of tax reform drove markets to new highs. like the s&p, both the dow and nasdaq indices reached record levels in 2017, gaining 25% and 28%, respectively. in europe, a sustained economic recovery and constructive political climate also supported equity markets. election victories by pro-european candidates in germany and france further allayed concerns over the eurozone's future and drove the euro higher by 14% versus the u.s. dollar. as concerns over brexit lingered, the ftse 100 index saw more muted growth relative to global markets, ending the year up 8%. in asia, the hang seng index rose 36% and the nikkei rose 19% for the year. in japan, growth was driven by a rebound in business and consumer spending and sustained low unemployment. continued accommodative monetary policy and the re-election of prime minister shinzo abe also buoyed sentiment. in china, sustained strong economic growth and steady consumer spending helped to assuage fears of a hard landing.
the cboe volatility index declined 21% in 2017, hitting a record low of 9.14 in november, but rose sharply in february 2018 to 37.32, its highest level in over two years. oil prices rebounded in the second half of the year, with west texas intermediate crude up 12% to $60 per barrel. the s&p 500 energy index ended the year down 4%. other commodities saw mixed performance, with the bloomberg commodity index up 1% and the henry hub natural gas spot price ending the year down by 18%.
in fixed income, the bloomberg barclays u.s. aggregate bond index rose 3.5%, u.s. investment grade corporates were up 6.4% and high yield corporates rose 7.5% during the year. citing an improving economy and labor market, the u.s. federal reserve raised interest rates three times during the year, with the current target range set to 1.25-1.5%. after reaching a low of 2.0% in september 2017, 10-year u.s. treasury yields moved upward to 2.8% in february 2018, prompting some investor concern over the potential negative impact to values of fixed income and longer duration assets. high yield spreads tightened 78 basis points during the year and issuance increased 19% year over year. global equity capital markets activity for both initial public offerings and follow-on offerings hit a three-year high, with year-to-date activity up 19% year over year. 2017 marked the all-time record for number of issuances.
u.s. merger and acquisition ("m&a") volume declined 16% during the year, driven in part by uncertainty ahead of the passage of the tax cuts and jobs act. while global m&a volume and private equity-backed m&a volume were both flat year over year and cross-border m&a fell to a three-year low, the outlook for deal activity is positive.
global economic growth and expansion of business activity is broadly expected to continue in the near term, though potential risks include rising inflation, monetary policy tightening and geopolitical unrest.
notable transactions on october 2, 2017, blackstone issued $300 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.150% senior notes maturing on october 2, 2027 and $300 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.000% senior notes maturing on october 2, 2047. blackstone used the proceeds from these notes to repurchase all of its 6.625% senior notes maturing on august 15, 2019.
on october 16, 2017, blackstone closed on its acquisition of harvest. harvest primarily invests capital raised from institutional investors in separately managed accounts and pooled vehicles, investing in publicly traded mlps holding primarily midstream energy assets in the u.s.
on december 11, 2017, blackstone announced it was concluding its investment sub-advisory relationship with fs investments' funds (the "fs funds") effective april 9, 2018. through april 9, 2018, gso will continue to provide investment services to the fs funds to help ensure a smooth transition. concurrently, gso will ramp up its internal, integrated platform to continue its business in the direct lending area. at december 31, 2017, the fs funds represented $20.0 billion of total assets under management. over time, we believe we will replace and ultimately overtake the prior level of revenue and earnings associated with our sub-advisory relations with fs investments. as part of the transaction, blackstone will receive proceeds from fs investments of $582.5 million.
organizational structure the simplified diagram below depicts our current organizational structure. the diagram does not depict all of our subsidiaries, including intermediate holding companies through which certain of the subsidiaries depicted are held.
key financial measures and indicators we manage our business using traditional financial measures and key operating metrics since we believe these metrics measure the productivity of our investment activities. our key financial measures and indicators are discussed below.
revenues revenues primarily consist of management and advisory fees, performance fees, investment income, interest and dividend revenue and other. please refer to "part i. item 1. business — incentive arrangements / fee structure" and "— critical accounting policies — revenue recognition" for additional information regarding the manner in which base management fees and performance fees are generated.
management and advisory fees, net — management and advisory fees, net are comprised of management fees, including base management fees, transaction and other fees and advisory fees net of management fee reductions and offsets.
the partnership earns base management fees from limited partners of funds in each of its managed funds, at a fixed percentage of assets under management, net asset value, total assets, committed capital or invested capital, or in some cases, a fixed fee. base management fees are recognized based on contractual terms specified in the underlying investment advisory agreements.
transaction and other fees (including monitoring fees) are fees charged directly to managed funds and portfolio companies. the investment advisory agreements generally require that the investment adviser reduce the amount of management fees payable by the limited partners to the partnership ("management fee reductions") by an amount equal to a portion of the transaction and other fees directly paid to the partnership by the portfolio companies. the amount of the reduction varies by fund, the type of fee paid by the portfolio company and the previously incurred expenses of the fund.
management fee offsets are reductions to management fees payable by the limited partners of the blackstone funds, which are granted based on the amount such limited partners reimburse the blackstone funds for placement fees.
advisory fees consist of transaction-based fee arrangements. transaction-based fees are recognized when (a) there is evidence of an arrangement with a client, (b) agreed upon services have been provided, (c) fees are fixed or determinable, and (d) collection is reasonably assured.
accrued but unpaid management and advisory fees, net of management fee reductions and management fee offsets, as of the reporting date are included in accounts receivable or due from affiliates in the consolidated statements of financial condition. management fees paid by limited partners to the blackstone funds and passed on to blackstone are not considered affiliate revenues.
performance fees — performance fees earned on the performance of blackstone's hedge fund structures ("incentive fees") are recognized based on fund performance during the period, subject to the achievement of minimum return levels, or high water marks, in accordance with the respective terms set out in each hedge fund's governing agreements. accrued but unpaid incentive fees charged directly to investors in blackstone's offshore hedge funds as of the reporting date are recorded within due from affiliates in the consolidated statements of financial condition. accrued but unpaid incentive fees on onshore funds as of the reporting date are reflected in investments in the consolidated statements of financial condition. incentive fees are realized at the end of a measurement period, typically annually. once realized, such fees are not subject to clawback or reversal.
in certain fund structures, specifically in private equity, real estate and certain hedge fund solutions and credit-focused funds ("carry funds"), performance fees ("carried interest") are allocated to the general partner based on cumulative fund performance to date, subject to a preferred return to limited partners. at the end of each reporting period, the partnership calculates the carried interest that would be due to the partnership for each fund, pursuant to the fund agreements, as if the fair value of the underlying investments were realized as of such date, irrespective of whether such amounts have been realized. as the fair value of underlying investments varies between reporting periods, it is necessary to make adjustments to amounts recorded as carried interest to reflect either (a) positive performance resulting in an increase in the carried interest allocated to the general partner or (b) negative performance that would cause the amount due to the partnership to be less than the amount previously recognized as revenue, resulting in a negative adjustment to carried interest allocated to the general partner. in each scenario, it is necessary to calculate the carried interest on cumulative results compared to the carried interest recorded to date and make the required positive or negative adjustments. the partnership ceases to record negative carried interest allocations once previously recognized carried interest allocations for such fund have been fully reversed. the partnership is not obligated to pay guaranteed returns or hurdles, and therefore, cannot have negative carried interest over the life of a fund. accrued but unpaid carried interest as of the reporting date is reflected in investments in the consolidated statements of financial condition.
carried interest is realized when an underlying investment is profitably disposed of and the fund's cumulative returns are in excess of the preferred return or, in limited instances, after certain thresholds for return of capital are met. carried interest is subject to clawback to the extent that the carried interest received to date exceeds the amount due to blackstone based on cumulative results. as such, the accrual for potential repayment of previously received carried interest, which is a component of due to affiliates, represents all amounts previously distributed to blackstone holdings and non-controlling interest holders that would need to be repaid to the blackstone carry funds if the blackstone carry funds were to be liquidated based on the current fair value of the underlying funds' investments as of the reporting date. the actual clawback liability, however, generally does not become realized until the end of a fund's life except for certain funds, including certain blackstone real estate funds, multi-asset class investment funds and credit-focused funds, which may have an interim clawback liability.
investment income (loss) — investment income (loss) represents the unrealized and realized gains and losses on the partnership's principal investments, including its investments in blackstone funds that are not consolidated, its equity method investments, and other principal investments. investment income (loss) is realized when the partnership redeems all or a portion of its investment or when the partnership receives cash income, such as dividends or distributions. unrealized investment income (loss) results from changes in the fair value of the underlying investment as well as the reversal of unrealized gain (loss) at the time an investment is realized.
interest and dividend revenue — interest and dividend revenue comprises primarily interest and dividend income earned on principal investments held by blackstone.
other revenue — other revenue consists of miscellaneous income and foreign exchange gains and losses arising on transactions denominated in currencies other than u.s. dollars.
expenses compensation and benefits — compensation — compensation and benefits consists of (a) employee compensation, comprising salary and bonus, and benefits paid and payable to employees and senior managing directors and (b) equity-based compensation associated with the grants of equity-based awards to employees and senior managing directors. compensation cost relating to the issuance of equity-based awards to senior managing directors and employees is measured at fair value at the grant date, taking into consideration expected forfeitures, and expensed over the vesting period on a straight-line basis, except in the case of (a) equity-based awards that do not require future service, which are expensed immediately, and (b) certain awards to recipients that meet specified criteria making them eligible for retirement treatment (allowing such recipient to keep a percentage of those awards upon departure from blackstone after becoming eligible for retirement), for which the expense for the portion of the award that would be retained in the event of retirement is either expensed immediately or amortized to the retirement date. cash settled equity-based awards are classified as liabilities and are remeasured at the end of each reporting period.
compensation and benefits — performance fee — performance fee compensation consists of carried interest (which may be distributed in cash or in-kind) and incentive fee allocations, and may in future periods also include allocations of investment income from blackstone's firm investments, to employees and senior managing directors participating in certain profit sharing initiatives. such compensation expense is subject to both positive and negative adjustments. unlike carried interest and incentive fees, compensation expense is based on the performance of individual investments held by a fund rather than on a fund by fund basis.
other operating expenses — other operating expenses represents general and administrative expenses including interest expense, occupancy and equipment expenses and other expenses, which consist principally of professional fees, public company costs, travel and related expenses, communications and information services and depreciation and amortization.
non-controlling interests in consolidated entities non-controlling interests in consolidated entities represent the component of partners' capital in consolidated blackstone funds held by third party investors and employees. the percentage interests held by third parties and employees is adjusted for general partner allocations and by subscriptions and redemptions in funds of hedge funds and certain credit-focused funds which occur during the reporting period. in addition, all non-controlling interests in consolidated blackstone funds are attributed a share of income (loss) arising from the respective funds and a share of other comprehensive income, if applicable. income (loss) is allocated to non-controlling interests in consolidated entities based on the relative ownership interests of third party investors and employees after considering any contractual arrangements that govern the allocation of income (loss) such as fees allocable to the blackstone group l.p.
redeemable non-controlling interests in consolidated entities non-controlling interests related to funds of hedge funds are subject to annual, semi-annual or quarterly redemption by investors in these funds following the expiration of a specified period of time, or may be withdrawn subject to a redemption fee during the period when capital may not be withdrawn. as limited partners in these types of funds have been granted redemption rights, amounts relating to third party interests in such consolidated funds are presented as redeemable non-controlling interests in consolidated entities within the consolidated statements of financial condition. when redeemable amounts become legally payable to investors, they are classified as a liability and included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities in the consolidated statements of financial condition. for all consolidated funds in which redemption rights have not been granted, non-controlling interests are presented within partners' capital in the consolidated statements of financial condition as non-controlling interests in consolidated entities.
non-controlling interests in blackstone holdings non-controlling interests in blackstone holdings represent the component of partners' capital in the consolidated blackstone holdings partnerships held by blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the blackstone holdings partnerships.
certain costs and expenses are borne directly by the holdings partnerships. income (loss), excluding those costs directly borne by and attributable to the holdings partnerships, is attributable to non-controlling interests in blackstone holdings. this residual attribution is based on the year to date average percentage of blackstone holdings partnership units held by blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the blackstone holdings partnerships.
income taxes the blackstone holdings partnerships and certain of their subsidiaries operate in the u.s. as partnerships for u.s. federal income tax purposes and generally as corporate entities in non-u.s. jurisdictions. accordingly, these entities in some cases are subject to new york city unincorporated business taxes or non-u.s. income taxes. in addition, certain of the wholly owned subsidiaries of the partnership and the blackstone holdings partnerships will be subject to federal, state and local corporate income taxes at the entity level and the related tax provision attributable to the partnership's share of this income tax is reflected in the consolidated financial statements.
income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability method of accounting. under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis, using tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. the effect on deferred assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period when the change is enacted. deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. current and deferred tax liabilities are recorded within accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities in the consolidated statements of financial condition.
blackstone uses the flow-through method to account for investment tax credits. under this method, the investment tax credits are recognized as a reduction to income tax expense.
blackstone analyzes its tax filing positions in all of the u.s. federal, state, local and foreign tax jurisdictions where it is required to file income tax returns, as well as for all open tax years in these jurisdictions. blackstone records uncertain tax positions on the basis of a two-step process: (a) a determination is made whether it is more likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained based on the technical merits of the position and (b) those tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not threshold are recognized as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority. blackstone recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in general, administrative, and other expenses within the consolidated statements of operations.
certain past legislative proposals by members of the u.s. congress would treat carried interest as not meeting the qualifying income requirements under the publicly traded partnership rules (after a transition period in the case of existing publicly traded partnerships). if similar legislation were enacted and applied to us, we would not qualify as a partnership for u.s. federal income tax purposes unless we held carried interest through corporations. if we were taxed as a corporation or held carried interest through taxable subsidiary corporations, our effective tax rate could increase significantly.
states and other jurisdictions have also considered legislation to increase taxes with respect to carried interest. for example, new york is considering legislation, which could cause a non-resident of new york who holds our common units to be subject to new york state income tax on carried interest earned by entities in which we hold an indirect interest, thereby requiring the non-resident to file a new york state income tax return reporting such carried interest income. in addition, proposals for a new york state tax surcharge on carried interest have recently been set forth. whether or when similar legislation will be enacted is unclear. finally, several state and local jurisdictions have evaluated ways to subject partnerships to entity level taxation through the imposition of state or local income, franchise or other forms of taxation or to increase the amount of such taxation. these and other proposals have recently been under heightened consideration in light of the recently enacted tax reform bill.
meaningfully quantifying the potential impact on blackstone of this potential future legislation or any similar legislation is not possible at this time. multiple versions of legislation in this area have been proposed over the last few years that have included significantly different provisions regarding effective dates and the treatment of invested capital, tiered entities and cross-border operations, among other matters. depending upon what version of the legislation, if any, were enacted, the potential impact on a public company such as blackstone in a given year could differ significantly and could be material. in addition, even if these legislative proposals would not themselves impose a tax on a publicly traded partnership such as blackstone, they could force blackstone and other publicly traded partnerships to restructure their operations so as to prevent disqualifying income from reaching the publicly traded partnership in amounts that would disqualify the partnership from treatment as a partnership for u.s. federal income tax purposes. such a restructuring could result in more income being earned in corporate subsidiaries, thereby increasing corporate income tax liability indirectly borne by the publicly traded partnership. in addition, we, and our common unitholders, could be taxed on any such restructuring. the nature of any such restructuring would depend on the precise provisions of the legislation that was ultimately enacted, as well as the particular facts and circumstances of blackstone's operations at the time any such legislation were to take effect, making the task of predicting the amount of additional tax highly speculative.
the recently enacted tax reform bill has resulted in fundamental changes to the internal revenue code. changes to u.s. tax laws resulting from the tax reform bill, including reduction to the federal corporate income tax rate, partial limitation on the deductibility of business interest expense, and a longer three-year holding period requirement for carried interest to be treated as long-term capital gain could have a material effect on our business operations and our funds' investment activities. these and other changes from the tax reform bill—including limitations on the use, carryback and carryforward of net operating losses and changes relating to the scope and timing of u.s. taxation on earnings from international business operations—could also have a significant effect on the business of our portfolio companies. the exact impact of the tax reform bill for future years is still unclear and difficult to quantify, but these changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. in addition, other changes could be enacted in the future to increase the corporate tax rate, limit further the deductibility of interest, subject carried interest to more onerous taxation or effect other changes that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
congress, the oecd and other government agencies in jurisdictions in which we and our affiliates invest or do business have maintained a focus on issues related to the taxation of multinational companies. the oecd, which represents a coalition of member countries, is contemplating changes to numerous long-standing tax principles through its base erosion and profit shifting project, which is focused on a number of issues, including the shifting of profits between affiliated entities in different tax jurisdictions, interest deductibility and eligibility for the benefits of double tax treaties. several of the proposed measures are potentially relevant to some of our structures and could have an adverse tax impact on our funds, investors and/or our portfolio companies. some member countries have been moving forward on the beps agenda but, because timing of implementation and the specific measures adopted will vary among participating states, significant uncertainty remains regarding the impact of beps proposals. if implemented, these proposals could result in a loss of tax treaty benefits and increased taxes on income from our investments.
a number of european jurisdictions have enacted taxes on financial transactions, and the european commission has proposed legislation to harmonize these taxes under the so-called "enhanced cooperation procedure," which provides for adoption of eu-level legislation applicable to some but not all eu member states. these contemplated changes, if adopted by individual countries, could increase tax uncertainty and/or costs faced by us, our portfolio companies and our investors, change our business model and cause other adverse consequences. the timing or impact of these proposals is unclear at this point. in addition, tax laws, regulations and interpretations are subject to continual changes, which could adversely affect our structures or returns to our investors. for instance, various countries have adopted or proposed tax legislation that may adversely affect portfolio companies and investment structures in countries in which our funds have invested and may limit the benefits of additional investments in those countries.
in addition, legislation enacted in 2015 significantly changed the rules for u.s. federal income tax audits of partnerships. such audits will be conducted at the partnership level, and unless a partnership qualifies for and affirmatively elects an alternative procedure, any adjustments to the amount of tax due (including interest and penalties) will be payable by the partnership. under the elective alternative procedure, a partnership would issue information returns to persons who were partners in the audited year, who would then be required to take the adjustments into account in calculating their own tax liability, and the partnership would not be liable for the adjustments. if a partnership elects the alternative procedure for a given adjustment, the amount of taxes for which its partners would be liable would be increased by any applicable penalties and a special interest charge. there can be no assurance that we will be eligible to make such an election or that we will, in fact, make such an election for any given adjustment. if we do not or are not able to make such an election, then (a) our then-current common unitholders, in the aggregate, could indirectly bear income tax liabilities in excess of the aggregate amount of taxes that would have been due had we elected the alternative procedure, and (b) a given common unitholder may indirectly bear taxes attributable to income allocable to other common unitholders or former common unitholders, including taxes (as well as interest and penalties) with respect to periods prior to such holder's ownership of common units. amounts available for distribution to our common unitholders may be reduced as a result of our obligation to pay any taxes associated with an adjustment. many issues with respect to, and the overall effect of, this legislation on us are uncertain, and common unitholders should consult their own tax advisors regarding all aspects of this legislation as it affects their particular circumstances.
economic income blackstone uses economic income as a key measure of value creation, a benchmark of its performance and in making resource deployment and compensation decisions across its four segments. economic income represents segment net income before taxes excluding transaction-related charges. transaction-related charges arise from blackstone's ipo and certain long-term retention programs outside of annual deferred compensation and other corporate actions, including acquisitions. transaction-related charges include certain equity-based compensation charges, the amortization of intangible assets and contingent consideration associated with acquisitions. economic income presents revenues and expenses on a basis that deconsolidates the investment funds blackstone manages. economic net income ("eni") represents economic income adjusted to include current period taxes. taxes represent the total tax provision calculated under accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap") adjusted to include only the current tax provision (benefit) calculated on income (loss) before provision for taxes and adjusted to exclude the tax impact of any divestitures. economic income, our principal segment measure, is derived from and reconciled to, but not equivalent to, its most directly comparable gaap measure of income (loss) before provision for taxes. see note 21. "segment reporting" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "— item 8. financial statements and supplementary data".
fee related earnings blackstone uses fee related earnings, which is derived from economic income, as a measure to highlight earnings from operations excluding: (a) the income related to performance fees and related performance fee compensation, (b) income earned from blackstone's investments in the blackstone funds, (c) net interest income (loss), (d) equity based compensation, and (e) other revenue. management uses fee related earnings as a measure to assess whether recurring revenue from our businesses is sufficient to adequately cover all of our operating expenses and generate profits. fee related earnings equals contractual fee revenues, less (a) compensation expenses (which excludes amortization of equity-based awards, carried interest and incentive fee compensation), and (b) other operating expenses. see "— liquidity and capital resources — sources and uses of liquidity" below for our discussion of fee related earnings.
distributable earnings distributable earnings, which is derived from our segment reported results, is a supplemental measure to assess performance and amounts available for distributions to blackstone unitholders, including blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the blackstone holdings partnerships. distributable earnings, which is a measure not prepared under gaap (a "non-gaap" measure), is intended to show the amount of net realized earnings without the effects of the consolidation of the blackstone funds. distributable earnings is derived from and reconciled to, but not equivalent to, its most directly comparable gaap measure of income (loss) before provision for taxes. see "— liquidity and capital resources — sources and uses of liquidity" below for our discussion of distributable earnings.
distributable earnings, which is a component of economic net income, is the sum across all segments of: (a) total management, advisory and other fees, net, (b) interest and dividend revenue, (c) realized performance fees, and (d) realized investment income (loss); less (a) compensation, excluding the expense of equity-based awards, (b) realized performance fee compensation, (c) interest expense, (d) other operating expenses, and (e) taxes and related payables under the tax receivable agreement.
adjusted earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization adjusted earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization ("adjusted ebitda"), is a supplemental non-gaap measure derived from our segment reported results and may be used to assess our ability to service our borrowings. adjusted ebitda represents distributable earnings plus the addition of (a) interest expense (including inter-segment interest related expenses), (b) taxes and related payables including payable under tax receivable agreement, and (c) depreciation and amortization. see "— liquidity and capital resources — sources and uses of liquidity" below for our calculation of adjusted ebitda.
summary walkdown of gaap to non-gaap financial metrics the relationship of our gaap to non-gaap financial measures is presented in the summary walkdown below. the summary walkdown shows how each non-gaap financial measure is related to the other non-gaap financial measures. this presentation is not meant to be a detailed calculation of each measure, but to show the relationship between the measures. for the calculation of each of these non-gaap financial measures and a full reconciliation of income before provision for taxes to distributable earnings, please see "— liquidity and capital resources — sources and uses of liquidity."
operating metrics the alternative asset management business is a complex business that is primarily based on managing third party capital and does not require substantial capital investment to support rapid growth. however, there also can be volatility associated with its earnings and cash flows. since our inception, we have developed and used various key operating metrics to assess and monitor the operating performance of our various alternative asset management businesses in order to monitor the effectiveness of our value creating strategies.
assets under management. assets under management refers to the assets we manage. our assets under management equals the sum of:
(a)                                          the fair value of the investments held by our carry funds and our side-by-side and co-investment entities managed by us, plus (1) the capital that we are entitled to call from investors in those funds and entities pursuant to the terms of their respective capital commitments, including capital commitments to funds that have yet to commence their investment periods, or (2) for certain credit-oriented funds the amounts available to be borrowed under asset based credit facilities,
(b)                                            the net asset value of (1) our hedge funds, real estate debt carry funds, open ended core+ real estate fund, certain co-investments managed by us, and our hedge fund solutions carry and drawdown funds (plus, in each case, the capital that we are entitled to call from investors in those funds, including commitments yet to commence their investment periods), and (2) our funds of hedge funds, our hedge fund solutions registered investment companies, and our non-exchange traded reit,
(c)   the invested capital, fair value or net asset value of assets we manage pursuant to separately managed accounts,
(d)   the amount of debt and equity outstanding for our clos during the reinvestment period,
(e)   the aggregate par amount of collateral assets, including principal cash, for our clos after the reinvestment period,
(f)   the gross or net amount of assets (including leverage where applicable) for our credit-focused registered investment companies, and
(g)   the fair value of common stock, preferred stock, convertible debt, or similar instruments issued by bxmt.
our carry funds are commitment-based drawdown structured funds that do not permit investors to redeem their interests at their election. our funds of hedge funds, hedge funds, funds structured like hedge funds and other open ended funds in our hedge fund solutions, credit and real estate segments generally have structures that afford an investor the right to withdraw or redeem their interests on a periodic basis (for example, annually or quarterly), typically with 30 to 95 days' notice, depending on the fund and the liquidity profile of the underlying assets. investment advisory agreements related to certain separately managed accounts in our hedge fund solutions and credit segments, excluding our bis separately managed accounts, may generally be terminated by an investor on 30 to 90 days' notice.
fee-earning assets under management. fee-earning assets under management refers to the assets we manage on which we derive management and/or performance fees. our fee-earning assets under management equals the sum of:
(a)    for our private equity segment funds and real estate segment carry funds including certain real estate debt investment funds and certain of our hedge fund solutions funds, the amount of capital commitments, remaining invested capital, fair value, net asset value or par value of assets held, depending on the fee terms of the fund,
(b)   for our credit-focused carry funds, the amount of remaining invested capital (which may include leverage) or net asset value, depending on the fee terms of the fund,
(c)   the remaining invested capital or fair value of assets held in co-investment vehicles managed by us on which we receive fees,
(d)   the net asset value of our funds of hedge funds, hedge funds, open ended core+ real estate fund, certain co-investments managed by us, certain registered investment companies, our non-exchange traded reit, and certain of our hedge fund solutions drawdown funds,
(e)   the invested capital, fair value of assets or the net asset value we manage pursuant to separately managed accounts,
(f)   the net proceeds received from equity offerings and accumulated core earnings of bxmt, subject to certain adjustments,
(g)   the aggregate par amount of collateral assets, including principal cash, of our clos, and
(h)   the gross amount of assets (including leverage) or the net assets (plus leverage where applicable) for certain of our credit-focused registered investment companies.
each of our segments may include certain fee-earning assets under management on which we earn performance fees but not management fees.
our calculations of assets under management and fee-earning assets under management may differ from the calculations of other asset managers, and as a result this measure may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other asset managers. in addition, our calculation of assets under management includes commitments to, and the fair value of, invested capital in our funds from blackstone and our personnel, regardless of whether such commitments or invested capital are subject to fees. our definitions of assets under management and fee-earning assets under management are not based on any definition of assets under management and fee-earning assets under management that is set forth in the agreements governing the investment funds that we manage.
for our carry funds, total assets under management includes the fair value of the investments held, whereas fee-earning assets under management includes the amount of capital commitments, the remaining amount of invested capital at cost depending on whether the investment period has or has not expired or the fee terms of the fund. as such, fee-earning assets under management may be greater than total assets under management when the aggregate fair value of the remaining investments is less than the cost of those investments.
limited partner capital invested. limited partner capital invested represents the amount of limited partner capital commitments which were invested by our carry and drawdown funds during each period presented, plus the capital invested through co-investments arranged by us that were made by limited partners in investments of our carry funds on which we receive fees or a carried interest allocation or incentive fee.
the amount of committed undrawn capital available for investment, including general partner and employee commitments, is known as dry powder and is an indicator of the capital we have available for future investments.
consolidated results of operations following is a discussion of our consolidated results of operations for each of the years in the three year period ended december 31, 2017. for a more detailed discussion of the factors that affected the results of our four business segments (which are presented on a basis that deconsolidates the investment funds we manage) in these periods, see "— segment analysis" below.
the following table sets forth information regarding our consolidated results of operations and certain key operating metrics for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015:
revenues management and advisory fees, net                                                           $2,729,056                    $2,442,975                     $2,542,505                  $286,081                   12   %      $(99,530            )                -4   %
performance fees realized carried interest                                                                             3,439,754                     1,474,830                      3,205,290                 1,964,924                  133   %             (1,730,460   )               -54   %
unrealized carried interest                                                                              (100,477   )                   481,304                     (1,595,174   )              (581,781   )              n/m                  2,076,478                   n/m incentive fees                                                                                  (8,692   )                    49,660                         (6,688   )               (58,352   )              n/m                     56,348                   n/m total performance fees                                                                       3,705,156                     2,176,331                      1,796,666                 1,528,825                   70   %                379,665                    21   %
investment income (loss)
unrealized                                                                                      42,605                        77,314                       (350,529   )               (34,709   )              -45   %                427,843                   n/m total investment income                                                                        678,374                       356,051                        204,642                   322,323                   91   %                151,409                    74   %
expenses compensation and benefits compensation                                                                                 1,442,485                     1,335,408                      1,726,191                   107,077                    8   %               (390,783   )               -23   %
performance fee compensation realized carried interest                                                                             1,226,561                       455,954                        793,801                   770,607                  169   %               (337,847   )               -43   %
unrealized carried interest                                                                               105,372                       312,838                       (312,696   )              (207,466   )              -66   %                625,534                   n/m incentive fees                                                                                  (4,286   )                    21,134                         (2,490   )               (25,420   )              n/m                     23,624                   n/m total compensation and benefits                                                              2,930,815                     2,203,430                      2,290,751                   727,385                   33   %                (87,321   )                -4   %
other income reduction of tax receivable agreement liability                                                403,855                             —                         82,707                   403,855                  n/m                    (82,707   )              -100   %
net gains from fund investment activities                                                      321,597                       184,750                        176,364                   136,847                   74   %                  8,386                     5   %
income before provision for taxes                                                            4,117,101                     2,382,010                      1,814,748                 1,735,091                   73   %                567,262                    31   %
provision for taxes                                                                            743,147                       132,362                        190,398                   610,785                  461   %                (58,036   )               -30   %
net income attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests in                              13,806                         3,977                         11,145                     9,829                  247   %                 (7,168   )               -64   %
consolidated entities net income attributable to non- controlling interests in consolidated entities                 497,439                       246,152                        219,900                   251,287                  102   %                 26,252                    12   %
net income attributable to non- controlling interests in blackstone holdings                 1,391,879                       960,284                        683,516                   431,595                   45   %                276,768                    40   %
revenues total revenues were $7.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2017, an increase of $2.0 billion compared to $5.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase in total revenues was attributable to increases of $1.5 billion in performance fees, $322.3 million in investment income, and $286.1 million in management and advisory fees, net, partially offset by a decrease in other revenue of $188.0 million.
the increase in performance fees was principally due to increases in our real estate, private equity and hedge fund solutions segments of $953.3 million, $473.0 million and $118.6 million, respectively. the increase in our real estate segment was primarily attributable to a net increase in the appreciation of investment holdings in our opportunistic funds. for the year ended december 31, 2017, the carrying value of investments for our opportunistic funds increased 19.4% versus 11.1% for the year ended december 31, 2016. our core+ real estate funds, real estate debt drawdown funds and real estate hedge funds appreciated 12.0%, 14.7% and 8.9%, respectively for the year ended december 31, 2017. the increase in our private equity segment was driven by corporate private equity and tactical opportunities. corporate private equity carrying value increased 17.6% in 2017 versus 10.7% for the year ended december 31, 2016. tactical opportunities carrying value increased 14.5% in 2017 versus 10.9% for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase in performance fees in our hedge fund solutions segment was primarily driven by higher returns in our bps composite, 8.3% gross (7.3% net) for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to 3.5% gross (2.7% net) for the year ended december 31, 2016.
the increase in investment income was primarily attributable to increases in our hedge fund solutions and private equity segments of $41.8 million and $34.6 million, respectively. the increase in our hedge fund solutions segment was primarily attributable to the year over year net appreciation of investments of which blackstone owns a share. the increase in our private equity segment was due to higher returns compared to 2016.
the increase in management and advisory fees, net was primarily due to increases in our private equity, real estate and credit segments of $204.4 million, $55.9 million and $51.4 million, respectively. the increase in our private equity segment was primarily due to assets earning higher base management fees, principally due to the conclusion of a six-month fee holiday for bcp vii in the fourth quarter of 2016. the increase in our real estate segment was primarily due to growth in our core+ real estate funds and the launch of brep europe v in the fourth quarter of 2016 and the corresponding expiration of its fee holiday in the second quarter of 2017. the increase in our credit segment was primarily due to our performing credit and energy portfolios, as well as harvest.
the decrease in other revenue was primarily the result of foreign exchange loss on the revaluation of our euro denominated bonds.
expenses expenses were $3.7 billion for the year ended december 31, 2017, an increase of $798.8 million compared to $2.9 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase was primarily attributable to increases in performance fee compensation, compensation and fund expenses. the increase of $620.3 million in performance fee compensation was due to related increases in performance fees revenue in our real estate, private equity and hedge fund solutions segments. the increase of $107.1 million in compensation was primarily due to the increase in management and advisory fees, net in our private equity, real estate and credit segments, on which a portion of compensation is based. the increase of $80.6 million in fund expenses was due to an increase of $73.9 million in our credit segment. the increase in our credit segment was primarily the result of newly launched clos.
revenues total revenues were $5.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016, an increase of $479.3 million compared to $4.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase was primarily attributable to increases in performance fees and investment income of $379.7 million and $151.4 million, respectively, partially offset by a decrease in management and advisory fees, net of $99.5 million.
performance fees, which are determined on a fund by fund basis, were $2.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016, an increase of $379.7 million compared to $1.8 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase in performance fees was primarily due to increases in our credit and real estate segments of $355.2 million and $129.5 million, respectively. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in our private equity segment of $87.0 million. performance fees increased in our credit segment due to a significant rebound in energy investments as well as broad based appreciation of funds. the composite net returns of blackstone's significant credit segment funds for the year ended december 31, 2016 were 13.3% for distressed strategies and 16.7% for performing credit strategies. the increase in performance fees in our real estate segment was primarily due to a year over year increase in the net appreciation of investment holdings in our real estate opportunistic funds, which appreciated 11.1%, compared to 9.7% in the prior period. our core+ real estate funds, real estate debt drawdown and hedge funds appreciated 10.9%, 11.7% and 0.3%, respectively. the decrease in our private equity segment was principally due to lower appreciation in bcp v compared to 2015, partially offset by greater appreciation in our bcp vi and bcp iv funds.
investment income was $356.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, an increase of $151.4 million compared to $204.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase in investment income was primarily due to an increase in our real estate segment of $117.9 million. the increase in our real estate segment was primarily due to the net appreciation of investments in brep vi, in which the general partner has made a larger commitment than in other real estate funds.
management and advisory fees, net was $2.4 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016, a decrease of $99.5 million compared to $2.5 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015. the decrease in management and advisory fees, net was primarily due to the spin-off of the operations of our financial advisory business, partially offset by increases in our real estate, private equity and credit segments of $130.9 million, $47.4 million and $19.7 million, respectively. the increase in our real estate segment was principally due to increased commitments in brep viii and an increase in invested capital in bpp, partially offset by realizations across the portfolio. the increase in our private equity segment was primarily due to the addition of fee-earning assets under management across the segment. the increase in our credit segment was primarily attributable to the growth in fee-earning assets under management for our credit drawdown funds and our bdcs.
expenses expenses were $2.9 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016, a decrease of $162.3 million compared to $3.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015. the decrease was primarily attributable to decreases in compensation, general, administrative and other, and fund expenses of $390.8 million, $55.8 million and $27.3 million, respectively, partially offset by an increase in performance fee compensation of $303.5 million. the decrease in compensation was due to lower equity-based compensation expense related to awards granted in connection with blackstone's ipo which were fully vested and expensed as of june 30, 2015 as well as the departure of employees due to the october 1, 2015 spin-off of our financial advisory business. the decrease in general, administrative and other was primarily due to the spin-off of our financial advisory business and non-recurring costs incurred in 2015 related to the sec settlement. the decrease in fund expenses was primarily attributable to our credit segment as a result of a decrease in certain clo-related expenses. performance fee compensation is derived from performance fee revenue. the increase in performance fee compensation was due to the increase in performance fees revenue.
other income was $725.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, an increase of $540.7 million compared to $184.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase in other income was primarily due to increases of $403.9 million in reduction of tax receivable agreement liability and $136.8 million in net gains from fund investment activities.
other income — reduction of tax receivable agreement liability was $403.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2017. the reduction of the tax receivable agreement liability was primarily attributable to the reduction in the corporate federal tax rate from 35% to 21% pursuant to the tax reform bill.
other income — net gains from fund investment activities was $321.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, an increase of $136.8 million compared to $184.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase was principally driven by increases in our credit and real estate segments of $75.2 million and $47.4 million, respectively. the increase in our credit segment was primarily due to newly launched clos. the increase in our real estate segment was primarily the result of a year over year net increase in the appreciation of investments across the real estate funds.
other income was $184.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, a decrease of $74.3 million compared to $259.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the decrease was primarily due to the absence of the reduction of tax receivable agreement liability of $82.7 million that was recognized during the year ended december 31, 2015 in connection with the spin-off of our financial advisory business in october 2015. the reduction occurred when we recalculated our liability under the tax receivable agreements as a result of the spin-off of our financial advisory business.
provision for taxes the following table summarizes blackstone's tax position:
income before provision for taxes          $4,117,101                $2,382,010                $1,814,748
provision for taxes                          $743,147                  $132,362                  $190,398
income passed through to common unitholders and non-controlling interest holders            -25.8   %              -28.6   %              -26.3   %       2.8   %        -2.3   %
equity-based compensation                                                                    -0.1   %               -0.2   %                1.8   %       0.1   %        -2.0   %
impact of the tax reform bill                                                                 8.3   %                  —                      —           8.3   %           —
(a)   includes income that is not taxable to the partnership and its subsidiaries. such income is directly taxable to the partnership's unitholders and the non-controlling interest holders.
blackstone's provision for taxes for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 was $743.1 million, $132.4 million and $190.4 million, respectively. this resulted in an effective tax rate of 18.1%, 5.6% and 10.5%, respectively, based on our income before provision for taxes of $4.1 billion, $2.4 billion and $1.8 billion, respectively.
the difference in blackstone's effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016 resulted primarily from two items. first, the income before provision for taxes that was not taxable to the partnership or its subsidiaries (and therefore was passed through to common unitholders and non-controlling interest holders) was $3.1 billion in 2017 (of $4.1 billion of 2017 total pretax income), compared to $1.9 billion in 2016 (of $2.4 billion of 2016 total pretax income). second, the tax reform bill that was signed into law on december 22, 2017 included a reduction in the federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%. the remeasurement of the deferred tax assets resulted in income tax expense of $500.6 million partially offset by $160.3 million tax benefit resulting from the $403.9 million reduction to the liability under the tax receivable agreement. the net impact to the effective tax rate was an 8.3% increase.
the difference in blackstone's effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015 resulted primarily from two items. first, the income before provision for taxes that was not taxable to the partnership or its subsidiaries (and therefore was passed through to common unitholders and non-controlling interest holders) was $1.9 billion in 2016 (of $2.4 billion of 2016 total pretax income), compared to $1.4 billion in 2015 (of $1.8 billion of 2015 total pretax income). second, in 2016, the tax deductible equity-based compensation expense exceeded the book equity-based compensation expense, while the reverse occurred in 2015.
all factors except for the remeasurement of the deferred tax assets and the liability under the tax receivable agreement are expected to impact the effective tax rate for future years.
additional information regarding our income taxes can be found in note 14. "income taxes" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "— item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this filing.
non-controlling interests in consolidated entities the net income attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests in consolidated entities and net income attributable to non-controlling interests in consolidated entities is attributable to the consolidated blackstone funds. the amounts of these items vary directly with the performance of the consolidated blackstone funds and largely eliminate the amount of other income — net gains from fund investment activities from the net income (loss) attributable to the blackstone group l.p.
net income attributable to non-controlling interests in blackstone holdings is derived from the income before provision for taxes, excluding the net gains from fund investment activities and the percentage allocation of the income between blackstone holdings and the blackstone group l.p. after considering any contractual arrangements that govern the allocation of income (loss) such as fees allocable to the blackstone group l.p.
for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, the net income before taxes allocated to blackstone holdings was 44.9%, 46.1% and 47.0%, respectively. the decreases of 1.2% and 0.9% were primarily due to conversions of blackstone holdings partnership units to blackstone common units and the vesting of common units.
the other income — reduction of tax receivable agreement liability was entirely allocated to the blackstone group l.p.
operating metrics the following graphs and tables summarize the fee-earning assets under management by segment and total assets under management by segment, followed by a rollforward of activity for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015. for a description of how assets under management and fee-earning assets under management are determined, please see "— key financial measures and indicators — operating metrics — assets under management and fee-earning assets under management."
private                  real estate                  hedge fund                        credit                         total                     private                 real estate                  hedge fund                      credit                         total equity                                                solutions                                                                                  equity                                               solutions fee-earning assets under management balance, beginning of period                        $69,110,457                  $72,030,054                 $66,987,553                   $68,964,608                  $277,092,672                 $51,451,196                 $67,345,357                 $65,665,439                 $61,684,380                  $246,146,372
inflows, including commitments (a)                    8,257,430                   23,555,866                  10,302,444                    55,099,845                    97,215,585                  28,896,280                  14,230,164                  10,132,407                  15,066,802                    68,325,653
market appreciation (d)(f)                              527,888                    3,023,951                   4,583,348                     2,001,006                    10,136,193                      92,053                     653,918                   1,350,367                   2,806,956                     4,903,294
annualized base management fee rate (e)                    1.07   %                     1.06   %                    0.74   %                      0.56   %                      0.83   %                    0.93   %                    1.09   %                    0.78   %                    0.78   %                      0.90   %
private                  real estate                   hedge fund                       credit                          total equity                                                 solutions fee-earning assets under management balance, beginning of period                          $43,890,167                  $52,563,068                  $61,417,558                  $58,821,006                   $216,691,799
inflows, including commitments (a)                     13,882,257                   27,698,203                    9,667,274                   17,310,414                     68,558,148
market appreciation (depreciation) (d)(f)                 180,442                     (236,623   )                  527,320                   (2,417,407   )                 (1,946,268   )
annualized base management fee rate (e)                      1.12   %                     1.19   %                     0.79   %                     0.82   %                       0.97   %
private                   real estate                   hedge fund                        credit                         total                       private                   real estate                  hedge fund                      credit                         total equity                                                  solutions                                                                                    equity                                                 solutions total assets under management balance, beginning of period                       $100,189,994                  $101,963,652                  $71,119,718                   $93,280,101                  $366,553,465                   $94,280,074                   $93,917,824                 $69,105,425                 $79,081,252                  $336,384,575
inflows, including commitments (a)                   12,631,106                    23,844,270                   12,106,471                    59,373,876                   107,955,723                    16,845,959                    19,047,473                  10,782,839                  22,984,504                    69,660,775
market appreciation (d)(g)                            9,730,612                    15,460,133                    4,936,172                     4,135,543                    34,262,460                     4,812,032                     7,425,320                   1,540,136                   4,421,338                    18,198,826
private                   real estate                   hedge fund                       credit                          total equity                                                  solutions total assets under management balance, beginning of period                           $73,073,252                   $80,863,187                  $63,585,670                  $72,858,960                   $290,381,069
inflows, including commitments (a)                      30,034,911                    29,473,697                   11,040,950                   23,035,118                     93,584,676
market appreciation (depreciation) (d)(g)                5,072,029                     4,939,713                      592,872                   (2,834,212   )                  7,770,402
(a)                         inflows represent contributions in our hedge funds and closed-end mutual funds, increases in available capital for our carry funds (capital raises, recallable capital and increased side-by-side commitments) and clos, increases in the capital we manage pursuant to separately managed account programs, allocations from multi-asset products to other strategies and acquisitions.
(b)   outflows represent redemptions in our hedge funds and closed-end mutual funds, client withdrawals from our separately managed account programs and decreases in available capital for our carry funds (expired capital, expense drawdowns and decreased side-by-side commitments).
(c)   realizations represent realizations from the disposition of assets or capital returned to investors from clos.
(d)   market appreciation (depreciation) includes realized and unrealized gains (losses) on portfolio investments and the impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations.
(e)   represents the annualized current quarter's base management fee divided by period end fee-earning assets under management.
(f)                                 for the year ended december 31, 2017, the impact to fee-earning assets under management due to foreign exchange rate fluctuations was $1.3 million,
$1.4 billion, $1.4 billion and $2.8 billion for the private equity, real estate, credit and total segments, respectively. for the year ended december 31, 2016, such impact was $1.0 million, $(463.8) million,
$(335.8) million and $(798.5) million for the private equity, real estate, credit and total segments, respectively. for the year ended december 31, 2015, such impact was $(17.0) million, $(642.4) million,
$(999.2) million and $(1.7) billion for the private equity, real estate, credit and total segments, respectively.
(g)                                        for the year ended december 31, 2017, the impact to total assets under management due to foreign exchange rate fluctuations was $1.1 billion,
$3.1 billion, $1.8 million and $5.9 billion for the private equity, real estate, credit and total segments, respectively. for the year ended december 31, 2016, such impact was $86.5 million, $(1.4) billion,
$(490.4) million and $(1.8) billion for the private equity, real estate, credit and total segments, respectively. for the year ended december 31, 2015, such impact was $(508.1) million, $(1.9) billion, $(1.1) billion and $(3.5) billion for the private equity, real estate, credit and total segments, respectively.
fee-earning assets under management fee-earning assets under management were $335.3 billion at december 31, 2017, an increase of $58.3 billion, or 21%, compared to $277.1 billion at december 31, 2016. the net increase was due to:
•                                                $55.1 billion in our credit segment principally related to inflows of $22.4 billion from bis, $11.2 billion from the acquisition of harvest, $5.8 billion of capital raised from new clo launches, $5.8 billion of inflows from mezzanine funds, $4.3 billion of inflows from long only and mlp strategies, $3.3 billion of inflows from distressed strategies and
•   $23.6 billion in our real estate segment primarily related to $5.9 billion from logicor asset management mandate, $5.8 billion from the second asian opportunistic fund, $5.2 billion from breds, $1.7 billion from breit and $3.2 billion from other core+ real estate funds,
•   $8.3 billion in our private equity segment primarily due to $3.0 billion from tactical opportunities, $2.0 billion from strategic partners, $1.7 billion from corporate private equity and $1.3 billion from core private equity.
•   market appreciation of $10.1 billion due to:
•   $4.6 billion in our hedge fund solutions segment primarily due to solid returns from baam's principal solutions composite of 8.3% gross (7.3%
•   $3.0 billion in our real estate segment primarily due to $1.4 billion of foreign exchange appreciation as well as appreciation of
•                        $2.0 billion in our credit segment primarily due to $697.9 million of appreciation from long only and mlp strategies ($427.3 million from market appreciation and $270.6 million from foreign exchange appreciation), $387.9 million of appreciation from clos and $382.5 million of market appreciation from bdcs.
$816.4 million from brep co-investment and $801.7 million from core+ real estate funds,
•                         $10.4 billion in our credit segment primarily due to $4.4 billion of capital returned to investors from clos that are post their re-investment periods, $3.0 billion of realizations from distressed strategies, $1.6 billion of realizations from mezzanine funds and $983.0 million in dividends from bdcs,
•   $6.6 billion in our private equity segment primarily due to $3.1 billion from corporate private equity, $2.4 billion from strategic partners and $1.1 billion from tactical opportunities, and
•   $9.8 billion in our hedge fund solutions segment with outflows of $4.0 billion from individual investor and specialized solutions,
•   $4.4 billion in our credit segment primarily attributable to $2.1 billion from long only and mlp strategies, $1.1 billion from bdcs and
$689.4 million from distressed strategies,
•   $2.8 billion in our real estate segment primarily due to $2.1 billion of uninvested reserves at the close of brep asia's investment period, and
•   $1.2 billion in our private equity segment primarily due to reductions of $467.4 million from strategic partners and $452.5 million from corporate private equity assets that no longer earn fees.
fee-earning assets under management were $277.1 billion at december 31, 2016, an increase of $30.9 billion, or 13%, compared to $246.1 billion at december 31, 2015. the net increase was due to:
•                      $28.9 billion in our private equity segment primarily due to the commencement of the investment periods of bcp vii and sp vii, which generated inflows of $17.5 billion and $7.3 billion, respectively (these amounts are reflected in total assets under management at each closing of each respective fund),
•   $15.1 billion in our credit segment driven by $4.8 billion raised from new clo launches, $3.4 billion of inflows from distressed strategies, $3.3 billion from long only strategies, $2.2 billion from bdcs and $1.2 billion of inflows from mezzanine funds,
•   $14.2 billion in our real estate segment primarily related to $7.2 billion committed in brep europe v, $3.2 billion invested across breds, $2.5 billion invested in bpp and $755.0 million raised for brep co-investment, and
•   market appreciation of $4.9 billion due to:
•   $2.8 billion appreciation in our credit segment due to $2.1 billion from bdcs, $714.5 million from distressed strategies and
$659.6 million from long only strategies, partially offset by $335.8 million of foreign exchange depreciation,
•   $1.4 billion appreciation in our hedge fund solutions segment due to returns from baam's principal solutions composite of 3.5% gross (2.7%
•   $653.9 million in our real estate segment primarily due to appreciation of $941.3 million and $248.0 million from bpp and bxmt, respectively, partially offset by $463.8 million of foreign exchange depreciation.
•   $8.2 billion in our private equity segment primarily due to $3.8 billion of realizations from bcp v, $1.7 billion from strategic partners, $1.0 billion from bcp vi and $800.9 million from tactical opportunities,
•                                                $8.0 billion in our real estate segment primarily due to $3.5 billion of realizations from brep global and european funds (fee-earning assets under management only includes the invested capital from funds outside of their investment period while total assets under management realizations include total proceeds), $2.6 billion of realizations from breds and $1.6 billion of realizations from brep co-investment, and
•   $6.0 billion in our credit segment primarily due to $2.8 billion of capital returned to investors from clos that are post their re-investment periods, $1.5 billion of realizations from distressed strategies and $937.1 million in dividends from bdcs.
•   $9.7 billion in our hedge fund solutions segment with outflows of $4.7 billion from individual investor and specialized solutions,
•   $4.6 billion in our credit segment primarily attributable to $1.8 billion from bdcs, $1.6 billion from long only strategies and
$1.2 billion from distressed strategies,
•   $3.1 billion in our private equity segment primarily due to the end of the investment periods of bcp vi and sp vi, driving outflows of
•   $2.2 billion in our real estate segment primarily due to $2.0 billion of uninvested reserves at the close of brep europe iv's investment period.
total assets under management total assets under management were $434.1 billion at december 31, 2017, an increase of $67.6 billion, or 18%, compared to $366.6 billion at december 31, 2016. the net increase was due to:
•                                               $59.4 billion in our credit segment primarily due to $22.4 billion of inflows from bis, $11.2 billion from the acquisition of harvest,
$8.8 billion of inflows from distressed strategies, $5.8 billion of capital raised from clo launches, $4.7 billion of inflows from long only and mlp strategies, $3.8 billion from mezzanine funds and $2.3 billion of inflows from bdcs,
•                                $23.8 billion in our real estate segment due to $6.0 billion from the logicor asset management mandate, $5.9 billion from the second asian opportunistic fund, $4.3 billion from other core+ real estate funds, $3.1 billion from breds, $2.9 billion from recycled capital for brep opportunistic funds, $1.7 billion from breit,
•   $12.6 billion in our private equity segment primarily related to $5.9 billion from tactical opportunities, $2.4 billion from strategic partners, $2.2 billion from bcp co-investment and $1.9 million from corporate private equity, and
•   $12.1 billion in our hedge fund solutions segment primarily related to capital raised of $5.1 billion from individual investor and specialized solutions, $5.0 billion from customized solutions and $1.9 billion from commingled products.
•   market appreciation of $34.3 billion due to:
•   $15.5 billion in our real estate segment primarily due to carrying value increases of 19.4% and 12.0%, respectively, in opportunistic and core+
real estate funds, which includes $3.1 billion of foreign exchange appreciation,
•   $9.7 billion in our private equity segment primarily due to carrying value increases in corporate private equity, strategic partners and tactical opportunities of 17.6%, 22.5% and 14.5%, respectively, which includes $1.1 billion of foreign exchange appreciation,
•   $4.9 billion in our hedge fund solutions segment due to the reasons noted above in fee-earning assets under management, and
•                                                $4.1 billion in our credit segment primarily due to $1.1 billion of appreciation from mezzanine funds ($709.5 million from market appreciation and $429.7 million from foreign exchange appreciation), $954.5 million appreciation from distressed strategies ($866.4 million from market appreciation and $88.1 million from foreign exchange appreciation),
$787.7 million of appreciation from long only and mlp strategies ($437.9 million from market appreciation and $349.8 million from foreign exchange appreciation) and $648.8 million of appreciation from clos.
total assets under management market appreciation (depreciation) in our private equity and real estate segments generally represents the change in fair value of the investments held and typically exceeds the fee-earning assets under management market appreciation (depreciation) which generally represents only the invested capital.
•   $24.5 billion in our real estate segment primarily due to $19.6 billion from brep opportunistic funds, $2.1 billion from brep co-investment, $1.8 million from breds and $934.6 million from core+ real estate funds,
•   $15.8 billion in our private equity segment primarily due to continued disposition activity across the segment, mainly $9.2 billion from corporate private equity, $2.8 billion from strategic partners and $2.7 billion from tactical opportunities,
•                           $12.5 billion in our credit segment primarily due to $4.7 billion of capital returned to investors from clos that are post their re-investment periods, $4.0 billion of realizations from distressed strategies, $2.3 billion of realizations from mezzanine funds and $983.0 million in dividends from bdcs, and total assets under management realizations in our private equity and real estate segments generally represent the total proceeds and typically exceed the fee-earning assets under management realizations which generally represent only the invested capital.
•   $10.7 billion in our hedge fund solutions segment with outflows of $4.7 billion from individual investor and specialized solutions,
•   $6.2 billion in our credit segment primarily due to $2.2 billion from long only and mlp strategies, $1.8 billion from distressed strategies and $1.1 billion from bdcs, and total assets under management were $366.6 billion at december 31, 2016, an increase of $30.2 billion, or 9%, compared to $336.4 billion at december 31, 2015. the net increase was due to:
•       $23.0 billion in our credit segment primarily due to $9.6 billion of inflows from mezzanine funds, $4.8 billion raised from clo launches, $3.4 billion from long only strategies, $2.8 billion of inflows from distressed strategies and $2.2 billion from bdcs,
•   $19.0 billion in our real estate segment attributable to $7.4 billion raised for brep europe v, $3.5 billion raised from breds iii, $2.7 billion raised from core+ real estate funds and $879.1 million from brep co-investment,
•                                     $16.8 billion in our private equity segment primarily related to $8.3 billion raised for strategic partners, $3.9 billion raised from core private equity and $2.6 billion raised from tactical opportunities, (capital raised is included in fee-earning assets under management at the investment period commencement of each fund or at such time indicated in each fund's limited partnership agreement), and
•   $10.8 billion in our hedge fund solutions segment primarily driven by continued platform diversification and growth in customized solutions and individual investor solutions.
•   market appreciation of $18.2 billion due to:
•   $7.4 billion appreciation in our real estate segment due to a carrying value increase in our opportunistic and core+ real estate funds of 11.1%
and 10.9%, respectively, partially offset by $1.4 billion of foreign exchange depreciation,
•   $4.8 billion appreciation in our private equity segment primarily due to an 8.8% overall increase in carrying value, including 10.7% for our corporate private equity funds and 10.9% in tactical opportunities,
•   $4.4 billion appreciation in our credit segment due to $2.1 billion from bdcs and $1.1 billion from distressed strategies, partially offset by $490.4 million of foreign exchange depreciation, and
•   $1.5 billion appreciation in our hedge fund solutions segment primarily due to reasons noted above in fee-earning assets under management.
•   $17.9 billion in our real estate segment due to realizations of $12.7 billion from brep global, european and asia funds, $2.9 billion from brep co-investment and $1.9 billion from breds,
•                $14.2 billion in our private equity segment primarily due to realizations across the segment, mainly $5.3 billion from bcp v fund,
$2.1 billion from bcp co-investment, $2.1 billion from bcp vi, $1.9 billion from strategic partners funds and $1.3 billion from tactical opportunities, and
•      $6.8 billion in our credit segment due to $2.9 billion of capital returned to investors from clos that are post their re-investment periods,
$2.0 billion of realizations from distressed strategies, $937.1 million from our bdcs and $824.0 million of realizations from our mezzanine funds.
•   $9.9 billion in our hedge fund solutions segment primarily due to the same reasons in fee-earning assets under management above,
•   $6.4 billion in our credit segment primarily due to $1.8 billion from bdcs, $1.7 billion from certain long only strategies,
$1.3 billion from distressed strategies and $1.1 billion from our mezzanine funds, and
•   $1.5 billion in our private equity segment which includes $804.6 million from strategic partners primarily due to expiration of unused commitments.
limited partner capital invested the following presents limited partner capital invested for each of the years ended december 31:
limited partner capital invested private equity                                $10,219,178                     $7,443,607                    $16,923,385
credit                                          3,783,265                      3,254,849                      8,805,283
(a)   limited partner capital invested for the hedge fund solutions segment has been updated for an adjustment applicable to each of the three month periods ended september 30, 2016, december 31, 2016 and march 31, 2017.
(a)   represents illiquid drawdown funds only; excludes marketable vehicles; includes both fee-earning (third party) capital and general partner and employee commitments that do not earn fees. amounts are reduced by outstanding commitments to invest, but for which capital has not been called.
dry powder available for investment private equity                                   $37,387,766                   $43,618,496                  $36,302,497
credit                                            14,780,351                    21,279,670                   22,285,149
net accrued performance fees the following table presents the accrued performance fees, net of performance fee compensation, of the blackstone funds as of december 31, 2017 and 2016. net accrued performance fees presented do not include clawback amounts, if any, which are disclosed in note 18. "commitments and contingencies — contingencies — contingent obligations (clawback)" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "— item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this filing. the net accrued performance fee as of each reporting date is private equity bcp iv carried interest                               $87                      $186
tactical opportunities carried interest               104                        83
strategic partners carried interest                    66                        34
total private equity (a)                            1,130                     1,268
breit incentive fees                                   10                         —
asia platform incentive fees                            6                         7
credit carried interest                                      268                       168
total credit                                          289                       192
net accrued performance fees                       $3,354                    $3,470
(a)   private equity and real estate include co-investments, as applicable.
net performance fee receivable was increased by net performance fee income of $2.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2017 and decreased by net realized distributions of $2.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2017.
performance fee eligible assets under management the following represents our performance fee eligible assets under management as of december 31, 2017:
(a)   represents invested and to be invested capital at fair value, including closed commitments for funds whose investment period has not yet commenced, on which performance fees could be earned if certain hurdles are met.
(b)   represents dry powder exclusive of non-fee earning general partner and employee commitments.
investment record fund returns information for our significant funds is included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. the fund returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of the blackstone group l.p. and is also not necessarily indicative of the future performance of any particular fund. an investment in the blackstone group l.p. is not an investment in any of our funds. there can be no assurance that any of our funds or our other existing and future funds will achieve similar returns.
the following table presents the investment record of our significant drawdown funds from inception through december 31, 2017:
unrealized investments                                   realized investments                                     total investments                               net irrs (c)
fund (investment period                                   committed                    available                        value             moic (b)                   % public                        value               moic (b)                            value             moic (b)                 realized                total beginning date / ending date)                               capital                  capital (a)
private equity bcp i (oct 1987 / oct 1993)                                $859,081                           $—                           $—                     n/a                    —                      $1,741,738                      2.6x                    $1,741,738                    2.6x                    19   %               19   %
bcp asia (dec 2017 / dec 2023)                            1,576,564                    1,423,640                            —                     n/a                    —                               —                       n/a                             —                     n/a                   n/a                  n/a total corporate private equity                          $78,726,993                  $20,352,641                  $27,875,405                    1.4x                      19   %              $83,681,960                      2.2x                  $111,557,365                    1.9x                    17   %               15   %
tactical opportunities                                   16,565,845                    6,853,971                    9,534,468                    1.2x                       8   %                4,458,750                      1.7x                    13,993,218                    1.3x                    25   %               11   %
tactical opportunities co-investment and other            4,822,889                    2,379,805                    3,452,342                    1.1x                    —                         885,924                      1.7x                     4,338,266                    1.2x                   n/a                   13   %
strategic partners i-v and co-investment (e)             11,862,658                    1,718,537                    2,300,197                     n/m                    —                      15,147,965                       n/m                    17,448,162                    1.5x                   n/a                   13   %
strategic partners vi lbo, re and sma (e)                 7,402,171                    2,571,351                    3,170,940                     n/m                    —                       2,320,522                       n/m                     5,491,462                    1.4x                   n/a                   20   %
strategic partners vii (e)                                7,489,970                    3,780,343                    3,103,959                     n/m                    —                         237,950                       n/m                     3,341,909                    1.2x                   n/a                   73   %
strategic partners ra ii (e)                              1,491,009                    1,167,065                      221,364                     n/m                    —                           5,582                       n/m                       226,946                    1.0x                   n/a                  n/m bcep (jan 2017 / jan 2021) (f)                            4,755,133                    3,377,340                    1,374,222                    1.0x                    —                               —                       n/a                     1,374,222                    1.0x                   n/m                  n/m other funds and co-investment (g)                         1,096,679                          513                       42,895                    0.8x                      36   %                  637,938                      0.9x                       680,833                    0.9x                   n/a                  n/a real estate pre-brep                                                   $140,714                           $—                           $—                     n/a                    —                        $345,190                      2.5x                      $345,190                    2.5x                    33   %               33   %
brep asia ii (dec 2017 / jun 2023)                        5,872,995                    5,872,995                            —                     n/a                    —                               —                       n/a                             —                     n/a                   n/a                  n/a brep co-investment (i)                                    6,872,697                      146,573                    2,524,738                    1.8x                      58   %               11,289,288                      2.1x                    13,814,026                    2.1x                    16   %               16   %
bsch co-investment                                          276,000                      193,020                      109,490                    1.0x                    —                          19,626                       n/a                       129,116                    1.2x                   n/a                   16   %
unrealized investments                                                      realized investments                                  total investments                                   net irrs (c)
fund (investment period                                     committed                   available                   value                         moic (b)                % public              value                           moic (b)              value                         moic (b)              realized                   total beginning date / ending date)                               capital                     capital (a)
credit (m)
stressed / distressed investing iii (dec 2017 / dec 2022)           6,652,790                   6,465,005                      29,292                    0.9x                    —                              —                       n/a                      29,292                    0.9x                  n/a                   n/a energy select opportunities (nov 2015 / nov 2018)                   2,856,867                   1,308,588                   1,640,289                    1.1x                    —                        268,018                      1.7x                   1,908,307                    1.2x                  n/a                    21   %
total credit                                                $32,913,343                 $16,859,811                 $12,502,136                          1.1x                    —              $17,413,704                            1.6x           $29,915,840                          1.3x                  n/a                    14   %
note   realized and unrealized investments amounts were adjusted in the fourth quarter of 2017 to account for a change in methodology regarding the treatment of current income, which now recognizes all proceeds as realized value.
(a)   available capital represents total investable capital commitments, including side-by-side, adjusted for certain expenses and expired or recallable capital and may include leverage, less invested capital. this amount is not reduced by outstanding commitments to investments.
(b)   multiple of invested capital ("moic") represents carrying value, before management fees, expenses and carried interest, divided by invested capital.
(c)   net internal rate of return ("irr") represents the annualized inception to december 31, 2017 irr on total invested capital based on realized proceeds and unrealized value, as applicable, after management fees, expenses and carried interest.
(d)   total net irr represents the compound annual rate of return based on actual limited partner cash flows through and valuations as of december 31, 2017, after management fees (excluding management fees funded using the revolving credit facility), expenses and the general partner's allocation of profits.
(e)   realizations are treated as return of capital until fully recovered and therefore unrealized and realized moics are not meaningful.
(f)   bcep, or blackstone core equity partners, is a core private equity fund which invests with a more modest risk profile and longer hold period.
(g)   returns for other funds and co-investment are not meaningful as these funds have limited transaction activity.
(h)   the 10% realized net irr and 8% total net irr exclude investors that opted out of the hilton investment opportunity. overall brep international ii performance reflects an 8% realized net irr and a 6% total net irr. previously reported investment records reflected the overall brep international ii performance.
(i)   brep co-investment represents co-investment capital raised for various brep investments. the net irr reflected is calculated by aggregating each co-investment's realized proceeds and unrealized value, as applicable, after management fees, expenses and carried interest.
(j)   bpp represents the core+ real estate funds which invest with a more modest risk profile and lower leverage. excludes breit.
(k)   excludes capital trust drawdown funds.
(l)   bsch, or blackstone strategic capital holdings, is a permanent capital vehicle focused on acquiring strategic minority positions in alternative asset managers.
(m)   funds presented represent the flagship credit drawdown funds only. the total credit net irr is the combined irr of the eight credit drawdown funds presented.
segment analysis discussed below is our economic income for each of our segments. this information is reflected in the manner utilized by our senior management to make operating decisions, assess performance and allocate resources. references to "our" sectors or investments may also refer to portfolio companies and investments of the underlying funds that we manage.
for segment reporting purposes, revenues and expenses are presented on a basis that deconsolidates the investment funds we manage. as a result, segment revenues are greater than those presented on a consolidated gaap basis because fund management fees recognized in certain segments are received from the blackstone funds and eliminated in consolidation when presented on a consolidated gaap basis. furthermore, segment expenses are lower than related amounts presented on a consolidated gaap basis due to the exclusion of fund expenses that are paid by limited partners and the elimination of non-controlling interests.
effective december 31, 2017, total segment measures have been redefined to eliminate inter-segment interest revenue and expense. this adjustment results in no change to economic income on a total segment basis, but results in changes to each segment's economic income. all prior periods have been recast to reflect this adjustment.
effective december 31, 2017, an insurance related multi-asset product in blackstone's private equity segment was reclassified to blackstone's credit segment. all prior periods have been recast to reflect this reclassification.
private equity the following table presents the results of operations for our private equity segment:
segment revenues management and advisory fees, net base management fees                                    $724,818                     $555,593                     $502,640                 $169,225                   30   %      $52,953                             11   %
transaction, advisory and other fees, net                 57,624                       39,283                       46,819                   18,341                   47   %                 (7,536   )              -16   %
management fee offsets                                   (18,007   )                  (34,810   )                  (36,760   )               16,803                  -48   %                  1,950                   -5   %
total management and advisory fees, net                  764,435                      560,066                      512,699                  204,369                   36   %                 47,367                    9   %
performance fees realized carried interest                                       1,157,188                      245,268                    1,474,987                  911,920                  372   %             (1,229,719   )              -83   %
unrealized carried interest                                         (13,214   )                  425,691                     (717,955   )             (438,905   )              n/m                  1,143,646                  n/m total performance fees                                 1,143,974                      670,959                      757,032                  473,015                   70   %                (86,073   )              -11   %
investment income (loss)
total investment income                                  103,420                       68,784                       73,311                   34,636                   50   %                 (4,527   )               -6   %
expenses compensation and benefits compensation                                             362,674                      309,968                      280,248                   52,706                   17   %                 29,720                   11   %
performance fee compensation realized carried interest                                         404,544                      110,882                      256,922                  293,662                  265   %               (146,040   )              -57   %
unrealized carried interest                                          71,095                      163,937                      (10,172   )              (92,842   )              -57   %                174,109                  n/m total compensation and benefits                          838,313                      584,787                      526,998                  253,526                   43   %                 57,789                   11   %
revenues revenues were $2.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2017, an increase of $663.4 million compared to $1.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase in revenues was primarily attributable to increases of $473.0 million in performance fees, $204.4 million in total management and advisory fees, net and $34.6 million in investment income.
revenues in our private equity segment in 2017 were significantly higher compared to 2016, primarily driven by increased performance fees and increased management and advisory fees largely due to positive performance by our portfolio companies and investments and a full year of management fees from bcp vii. the market environment in 2017 was and in early 2018 continues to be generally characterized by high prices and as a result, the market for new investments remains challenging. nonetheless, our private equity funds were able to deploy significant capital and to make our first investment through our new asia-focused fund. u.s. tax reform is expected to have a neutral to slightly positive impact on most of our u.s. portfolio companies. although we and our portfolio companies are operating against a backdrop of continuing economic strength and improving fundamentals that we expect will benefit our businesses, interest rates are expected to rise throughout 2018 and will likely increase the cost of debt financing for us and our portfolio companies. revenues in the private equity segment would likely be negatively impacted if the costs of wages and other inputs and rising interest rates increasingly pressure profit margins or global, regional or sector economic conditions were to deteriorate. see "item 1a. risk factors — risks related to our business — difficult market conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, including by reducing the value or performance of the investments made by our investment funds and reducing the ability of our investment funds to raise or deploy capital, each of which could materially reduce our revenue, earnings and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition."
performance fees were $1.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2017, an increase of $473.0 million compared to $671.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase was driven by corporate private equity and tactical opportunities. corporate private equity carrying value increased 17.6% in 2017 versus 10.7% for the year ended december 31, 2016. tactical opportunities carrying value increased 14.5% in 2017 versus 10.9% for the year ended december 31, 2016.
total management fees were $764.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, an increase of $204.4 million compared to $560.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, driven primarily by an increase in base management fees. base management fees were $724.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, an increase of $169.2 million compared to $555.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily due to assets earning higher base management fees, principally due to the conclusion of a six-month fee holiday for bcp vii in the fourth quarter of 2016.
the annualized base management fee rate increased from 0.90% at december 31, 2016 to 1.07% at december 31, 2017. the increase was principally due to the conclusion of a six-month fee holiday for bcp vii, which commenced its investment period in the second quarter of 2016.
investment income was $103.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, an increase of $34.6 million compared to $68.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase was due to higher returns compared to 2016.
expenses expenses were $1.0 billion for the year ended december 31, 2017, an increase of $245.8 million compared to $764.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase was primarily attributable to an increase of $253.5 million in total compensation and benefits. the increase in total compensation and benefits was comprised of increases of $200.8 million in performance fee compensation and $52.7 million in compensation.
performance fee compensation increased as a result of the increase in performance fees revenue. compensation increased primarily due to the increase in management fees revenue, on which a portion of compensation is based.
revenues revenues were $1.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016, a decrease of $26.0 million compared to $1.4 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015. the decrease in revenues was attributable to a decrease in performance fees of $86.1 million, partially offset by an increase in total management fees, net of $47.4 million.
performance fees were $671.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, a decrease of $86.1 million compared to $757.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, principally due to lower appreciation in bcp v compared to 2015, partially offset by greater appreciation in our bcp vi and bcp iv funds.
total management fees were $560.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, an increase of $47.4 million compared to $512.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, driven primarily by an increase in base management fees. base management fees were $555.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, an increase of $53.0 million compared to $502.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily due to the addition of fee-earning assets under management across the segment.
the annualized base management fee rate decreased from 1.12% at december 31, 2015 to 0.93% at december 31, 2016. the decrease was primarily due to lower fees from bcp vi as a result of the end of its investment period in the second quarter of 2016 and a six-month fee holiday for bcp vii, which commenced its investment period in 2016.
expenses expenses were $764.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, an increase of $49.5 million compared to $715.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase was primarily attributable to increases in compensation and performance fee compensation of $29.7 million and $28.1 million, respectively. compensation increased primarily due to the increase in management fees revenue, on which a portion of compensation is based, as well as an increase in headcount to support the growth of the business. the increase in performance fee compensation was the result of an increase in performance fees revenues from funds with a higher, more normalized compensation ratio.
fund returns fund returns information for our significant funds is included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. the fund returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of the blackstone group l.p. and is also not necessarily indicative of the future performance of any particular fund. an investment in the blackstone group l.p. is not an investment in any of our funds. there can be no assurance that any of our funds or our other existing and future funds will achieve similar returns.
the following table presents the internal rates of return of our significant private equity funds:
tactical opportunities           16   %           13   %             12   %             9   %             12   %             8   %         32   %            25   %            15   %          11   %
strategic partners               23   %           20   %              1   %             —                 22   %            19   %        n/a               n/a                17   %          14   %
(a)   net returns are based on the change in carrying value (realized and unrealized) after management fees, expenses and carried interest allocations.
(b)   bep ii's 2015 investment returns are presented as n/m due to the early stage nature and limited operations of the fund's investments. accordingly, the 2015
(c)   net returns represent the compound annual rate of return based on actual limited partner cash flows through and valuations as of the dates indicated, after management fees (excluding management fees funded using the revolving credit facility), expenses and the general partner's allocation of profits.
the corporate private equity funds within the private equity segment have five funds with closed investment periods: bcp iv, bcp v, bcp vi, bcom and bep i. as of december 31, 2017, bcp iv was above its carried interest threshold (i.e., the preferred return payable to its limited partners before the general partner is eligible to receive carried interest) and would still be above its carried interest threshold even if all remaining investments were valued at zero. bcp v is comprised of two fund classes based on the timings of fund closings, the bcp v "main fund" and bcp v-ac fund. within these fund classes, the general partner is subject to equalization such that (a) the general partner accrues carried interest when the respective carried interest for either fund class is positive and (b) the general partner realizes carried interest so long as clawback obligations, if any, for either of the respective fund classes are fully satisfied. during the quarter, both fund classes in aggregate were above their respective carried interest thresholds. bcp vi is currently above its carried interest threshold. bcom is currently above its carried interest threshold and has generated inception to date positive returns. we are entitled to retain previously realized carried interest up to 20% of bcom's net gains. as a result, performance fees are recognized from bcom on current period gains and losses. bep i is currently above its carried interest threshold.
real estate the following table presents the results of operations for our real estate segment:
segment revenues management fees, net base management fees                           $872,191                      $795,161                     $668,575                  $77,030                   10   %             $126,586                    19   %
transaction and other fees, net                  82,781                        95,324                      110,577                  (12,543   )              -13   %              (15,253   )               -14   %
management fee offsets                          (15,934   )                    (7,322   )                  (26,840   )               (8,612   )              118   %               19,518                   -73   %
total management fees, net                      939,038                       883,163                      752,312                   55,875                    6   %              130,851                    17   %
performance fees realized carried interest                              2,124,472                     1,203,484                    1,634,733                  920,988                   77   %             (431,249   )               -26   %
total performance fees                        2,074,967                     1,121,639                      992,146                  953,328                   85   %              129,493                    13   %
investment income (loss)
total investment income                         133,683                       121,593                        3,693                   12,090                   10   %              117,900                   n/m interest and dividend revenue                    58,084                        38,453                       33,501                   19,631                   51   %                4,952                    15   %
expenses compensation and benefits compensation                                    427,211                       385,352                      358,381                   41,859                   11   %               26,971                     8   %
performance fee compensation realized carried interest                                743,011                       332,622                      484,037                  410,389                  123   %             (151,415   )               -31   %
total compensation and benefits               1,230,072                       791,706                      663,566                  438,366                   55   %              128,140                    19   %
revenues revenues were $3.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2017, an increase of $973.0 million compared to $2.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase in revenues was primarily attributable to increases of $953.3 million in performance fees, $55.9 million in total management fees, net and $19.6 million in interest and dividend revenue.
revenues in our real estate segment in 2017 were significantly higher compared to 2016, primarily driven by higher performance fees resulting from appreciation in public and private investments in our real estate opportunistic funds and core+ funds. overall, operating trends in our real estate portfolio remain stable and supply-demand fundamentals remain positive in most markets, although we see decelerating growth in certain sectors, notably retail. as a result of less distress and rising asset values compared to prior years in the united states, 2017 was a more challenging opportunistic investment environment. our real estate funds set records for both deployments and realizations in 2017, including the sale of logicor, the largest private realization in brep's history. overall, we believe u.s. tax reform will have a neutral to slightly positive impact for our real estate investments. although we are operating against a backdrop of continuing economic strength and improving fundamentals that we expect will benefit our businesses, interest rates are expected to rise throughout 2018 and will likely increase the cost of debt financing for our real estate businesses and assets. if interest rates go up, but not against a backdrop of economic strength and improving fundamentals, such rise would likely negatively impact revenues in our real estate segment. see "item 1a. risk factors — risks related to our business — difficult market conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, including by reducing the value or performance of the investments made by our investment funds and reducing the ability of our investment funds to raise or deploy capital, each of which could materially reduce our revenue, earnings and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition."
performance fees were $2.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2017, an increase of $953.3 million compared to $1.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016. performance fees increased due to the net increase in the appreciation of investment holdings within our opportunistic funds. for the year ended december 31, 2017, the carrying value of investments for our opportunistic funds increased 19.4% versus 11.1% for the year ended december 31, 2016. our core+ real estate funds, real estate debt drawdown funds and real estate hedge funds appreciated 12.0%, 14.7% and 8.9%, respectively.
total management fees, net were $939.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, an increase of $55.9 million compared to $883.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, driven by an increase in base management fees, partially offset by a decrease in transactions and other fees, net. base management fees were $872.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, an increase of $77.0 million compared to $795.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily due to growth in our core+ real estate funds and the launch of brep europe v in the fourth quarter of 2016 and the corresponding expiration of its fee holiday in the second quarter of 2017. transaction and other fees, net were $82.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, a decrease of $12.5 million compared to $95.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily due to the timing of investment closings in our brep global funds.
interest and dividend revenue was $58.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, an increase of $19.6 million compared to $38.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase in interest and dividend revenue was primarily due to higher interest income earned by blackstone on larger investment balances and an increase in interest rates, which is allocated to the segment.
expenses expenses were $1.4 billion for the year ended december 31, 2017, an increase of $458.3 million compared to $979.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase was primarily attributable to an increase of
$438.4 million in total compensation and benefits. the increase in total compensation and benefits was comprised of increases of $396.5 million in performance fee compensation and $41.9 million in compensation. performance fee compensation increased as a result of the increase in performance fees revenue. compensation increased primarily due to the increase in management fees revenue, on which a portion of compensation is based.
revenues revenues were $2.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016, an increase of $401.1 million compared to $1.8 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase in revenues was primarily attributable to increases in total management fees, net, performance fees and investment income of $130.9 million, $129.5 million and $117.9 million, respectively.
total management fees, net were $883.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, an increase of $130.9 million compared to $752.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily attributable to an increase in base management fees. base management fees were $795.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, an increase of $126.6 million compared to $668.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase was principally due to increased commitments in brep viii and an increase in invested capital in bpp, partially offset by realizations across the portfolio.
the annualized base management fee rate decreased from 1.19% at december 31, 2015 to 1.09% at december 31, 2016. the decrease was principally due to commencement of the investment period of brep europe v in the fourth quarter of 2016, which added fee-earning assets under management, the majority of which are under a base management fee holiday until the second quarter of 2017.
performance fees were $1.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2016, an increase of $129.5 million compared to $992.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase in performance fees was primarily due to a year over year increase in the net appreciation of investment holdings in our real estate opportunistic funds, which appreciated 11.1% compared to 9.7%. in the prior period. our core+ real estate funds, real estate debt drawdown and hedge funds appreciated 10.9%, 11.7% and 0.3%, respectively.
investment income was $121.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, an increase of $117.9 million compared to $3.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase in investment income was primarily due to the net appreciation of investments in brep vi, in which the general partner has made a larger commitment than in other real estate funds.
expenses expenses were $979.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, an increase of $147.5 million compared to $831.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase was primarily attributable to increases in performance fee compensation, compensation and other operating expenses of $101.2 million, $27.0 million and $12.1 million, respectively. the increase in performance fee compensation was the result of an increase in performance fees revenue. the increase in compensation was due to an overall increase in management fees revenue, on which a portion of compensation is based, as well as an increase in headcount to support the growth of the business. the increase in other operating expenses was primarily due to an increase in expenses allocated to the segment.
fund returns fund return information for our significant funds is included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. the fund returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of the blackstone group l.p.
and is also not necessarily indicative of the future performance of any particular fund. an investment in the blackstone group l.p. is not an investment in any of our funds. there can be no assurance that any of our funds or our other existing and future funds will achieve similar returns.
the following table presents the internal rates of return of our significant real estate funds:
brep co-investment (d)                  24   %            22   %             16   %            14   %              —                 —             18   %            16   %            18   %          16   %
(a)   net returns are based on the change in carrying value (realized and unrealized) after management fees, expenses and performance fee allocations.
(b)   euro-based internal rates of return.
(c)   the 10% realized net irr and 8% total net irr exclude investors that opted out of the hilton investment opportunity. overall brep international ii performance reflects an 8% realized net irr and a 6% total net irr.
(d)   excludes fully realized co-investments prior to blackstone's ipo.
(e)   bpp represents the core+ real estate funds which invest with a more modest risk profile and lower leverage. excludes breit.
the following table presents the carried interest status of our real estate carry funds with expired investment periods which are currently not generating performance fees as of december 31, 2017:
fully invested funds                          amount                      % change in                         % change in total enterprise                    equity value value (b)
(a)                                         the general partner of each fund is allocated carried interest when the annualized returns, net of management fees and expenses, exceed the preferred return as dictated by the fund agreements. the preferred return is calculated for each limited partner individually. the gain to cross carried interest threshold represents the increase in equity at the fund level (excluding our side-by-side investments) that is required for the general partner to begin accruing carried interest, assuming the gain is earned pro rata across the fund's investments and is achieved at the reporting date.
(b)   total enterprise value is the respective fund's pro rata ownership of the privately held portfolio companies' enterprise value.
the real estate segment has three opportunistic funds in their investment period, which were above their respective carried interest thresholds as of december 31, 2017: brep viii, brep europe v and breds iii.
hedge fund solutions the following table presents the results of operations for our hedge fund solutions segment:
segment revenues management fees, net base management fees                        $516,048                   $521,736                   $524,386          $(5,688          )               -1   %      $(2,650         )                -1   %
transaction and other fees, net                2,980                      1,061                        317                   1,919                  181   %      744                             235   %
management fee offsets                           (93   )                      —                        171                     (93   )              n/m                   (171   )              -100   %
total management fees, net                   518,935                    522,797                    524,874                  (3,862   )               -1   %             (2,077   )                -0   %
performance fees realized incentive fees                               154,343                     42,177                     68,197                 112,166                  266   %            (26,020   )               -38   %
incentive fees                                 2,965                        785                     (8,084   )               2,180                  278   %              8,869                   n/m total performance fees                       162,114                     43,466                     62,134                 118,648                  273   %            (18,668   )               -30   %
investment income (loss)
unrealized                                    41,012                     15,462                     (1,435   )              25,550                  165   %             16,897                   n/m total investment income (loss)                50,086                      8,238                    (14,176   )              41,848                  508   %             22,414                   n/m interest and dividend revenue                 21,525                     13,864                     11,194                   7,661                   55   %              2,670                    24   %
expenses compensation and benefits compensation                                 176,782                    185,320                    179,484                  (8,538   )               -5   %              5,836                     3   %
performance fee compensation realized incentive fees                                53,348                     19,397                     27,155                  33,951                  175   %             (7,758   )               -29   %
incentive fees                                 1,111                        292                     (2,912   )      819                             280   %              3,204                   n/m total compensation and benefits              233,027                    205,190                    204,550                  27,837                   14   %      640                               0   %
revenues revenues were $728.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, an increase of $131.8 million compared to $596.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase in revenues was primarily attributable to increases of $118.6 million in performance fees and $41.8 million in investment income (loss).
revenues in our hedge fund solutions segment in 2017 increased significantly compared to 2016 primarily driven by higher performance fees across multiple strategies as a result of lower volatility in global markets and higher equity and fixed income asset prices, along with the fact that a significantly higher percentage of fee-earning assets under management eligible for incentive fees was above the high water mark as of the end of 2017 (91%) compared to the end of 2016 (78%). although we are operating against a backdrop of continuing economic strength and improving fundamentals that we expect will benefit our businesses, interest rates are expected to rise throughout 2018 and will likely increase our cost of debt financing. hedge fund solutions revenues would likely be negatively impacted if we failed to anticipate a significant or sustained decline in global, regional or sector asset prices, global market conditions deteriorated, or liquidity needs, performance or other reasons caused investors to withdraw assets. see "item 1a. risk factors — risks related to our business — difficult market conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, including by reducing the value or performance of the investments made by our investment funds and reducing the ability of our investment funds to raise or deploy capital, each of which could materially reduce our revenue, earnings and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition" and "— hedge fund investments are subject to numerous additional risks." the segment operates multiple business lines, manages strategies that are both long and short asset classes and generates a majority of its revenue through management fees, all of which we believe provide a level of downside protection to hedge fund solutions revenues.
performance fees were $162.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, an increase of $118.6 million compared to $43.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase in performance fees in our hedge fund solutions segment was primarily driven by higher returns in our bps composite, 8.3% gross (7.3% net) for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to 3.5% gross (2.7% net) for the year ended december 31, 2016.
investment income (loss) was $50.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, an increase of $41.8 million compared to $8.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase in investment income was primarily driven by the year over year net appreciation of investments of which blackstone owns a share.
expenses expenses were $332.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, an increase of $27.3 million compared to $305.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase in expenses was primarily due to an increase in total compensation and benefits of $27.8 million. the increase in total compensation and benefits was primarily due to an increase in performance fee compensation of $36.4 million, partially offset by a decrease in compensation of $8.5 million. the increase in performance fee compensation was due to the increase in performance fees revenue. the decrease in compensation was primarily due to the decrease in management fees revenue, on which a portion of compensation is based.
revenues revenues were $596.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, an increase of $12.3 million compared to $584.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase in revenues was primarily attributable to increases in investment income (loss), other revenue and interest and dividend revenue of $22.4 million, $8.0 million, and $2.7 million, respectively. these increases were partially offset by decreases in performance fees of $18.7 million.
investment income (loss) was $8.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, an increase of $22.4 million compared to $(14.2) million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase in investment income was primarily driven by the year over year net appreciation of investments of which blackstone owns a share.
other revenue was $8.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, an increase of $8.0 million compared to $0.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase in other revenue was primarily driven by an increase in revenue allocations to the segment.
interest and dividend revenue was $13.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, an increase of $2.7 million compared to $11.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase in interest and dividend revenue was primarily driven by net appreciation of investments of which blackstone owns a share.
performance fees were $43.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, a decrease of $18.7 million compared to $62.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the decrease was principally due to lower returns for a number of our funds.
expenses expenses were $305.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, an increase of $16.5 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase was primarily attributable to an $12.4 million increase in other operating expenses. other operating expenses were $75.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, an increase of $12.4 million compared to $63.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase in other operating expenses was primarily due to performance fees and expenses allocated to the segment.
operating metrics the following table presents information regarding our incentive fee-earning assets under management:
fee-earning assets under                                                estimated % above management eligible for                                                 high water incentive fees                                                          mark/benchmark (a)
(a)                                           estimated % above high water mark/benchmark represents the percentage of fee-earning assets under management eligible for incentive fees that as of the dates presented would earn incentive fees when the applicable baam managed fund has positive investment performance relative to a benchmark, where applicable. incremental positive performance in the applicable blackstone funds may cause additional assets to reach their respective high water mark or clear a benchmark return, thereby resulting in an increase in estimated 91% above high water mark/benchmark.
(b)                                  for the baam managed funds, at december 31, 2017 the incremental appreciation needed for the 9% of fee-earning assets under management below their respective high water marks/benchmarks to reach their respective high water marks/benchmarks was $399.6 million, a decrease of $284.7 million, compared to $684.3 million at december 31, 2016. of the fee-earning assets under management below their respective high water marks/ benchmarks as of december 31, 2017, 30% were within 5% of reaching their respective high water mark.
composite returns composite returns information is included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. the composite returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of the blackstone group l.p. and is also not necessarily indicative of the future results of any particular fund. an investment in the blackstone group l.p. is not an investment in any of our funds or composites. there can be no assurance that any of our funds or composites or our other existing and future funds or composites will achieve similar returns.
the following table presents the return information of the baam principal solutions composite:
one                               three                             five                              historical year                              year                              year composite                                gross             net             gross             net             gross             net             gross             net baam principal solutions composite (b)   8         %       7       %       5         %       4       %       7         %       6       %       7         %       6       %
(a)   composite returns present a summarized asset-weighted return measure to evaluate the overall performance of the applicable class of blackstone funds.
(b)                                                  baam's principal solutions ("bps") composite covers the period from january 2000 to present, although baam's inception date is september 1990. the bps composite includes only baam-managed commingled and customized multi-manager funds and accounts. none of the other platforms/strategies managed through the blackstone hedge fund solutions group are included in the composite (except for investments by bps funds/accounts directly into those platforms/strategies). baam-managed funds in liquidation and non-fee-paying assets (in the case of net returns) are excluded from the composite. the historical return is from january 1, 2000.
credit the following table presents the results of operations for our credit segment:
segment revenues management fees, net base management fees                        $567,334                   $525,289                    $500,982          $42,045                            8   %             $24,307                    5   %
transaction and other fees, net               13,431                      9,190                       6,371                    4,241                   46   %               2,819                   44   %
management fee offsets                       (32,382   )                (37,512   )                 (30,065   )                5,130                  -14   %              (7,447   )               25   %
total management fees, net                   548,383                    496,967                     477,288                   51,416                   10   %              19,679                    4   %
performance fees realized carried interest                             158,293                     26,163                      96,156                  132,130                  505   %             (69,993   )              -73   %
unrealized carried interest                              54,233                    206,043                    (198,820   )             (151,810   )              -74   %             404,863                  n/m incentive fees                               (12,011   )                  9,417                     (19,967   )              (21,428   )              n/m                  29,384                  n/m total performance fees                       327,069                    341,922                     (13,235   )              (14,853   )               -4   %             355,157                  n/m investment income (loss)
unrealized                                     1,419                     10,671                     (16,258   )               (9,252   )              -87   %              26,929                  n/m total investment income (loss)                17,799                     21,675                      (9,072   )               (3,876   )              -18   %              30,747                  n/m interest and dividend revenue                 30,473                     18,718                      18,268                   11,755                   63   %                 450                    2   %
expenses compensation and benefits compensation                                 236,449                    202,576                     190,189                   33,873                   17   %              12,387                    7   %
performance fee compensation realized carried interest                              79,006                     12,450                      52,841                   66,556                  535   %             (40,391   )              -76   %
unrealized carried interest                              18,803                    103,945                    (107,000   )              (85,142   )              -82   %             210,945                  n/m incentive fees                                (5,366   )                  3,970                      (8,395   )               (9,336   )              n/m                  12,365                  n/m total compensation and benefits              390,034                    369,555                     177,748                   20,479                    6   %             191,807                  108   %
revenues revenues were $895.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, an increase of $6.3 million compared to $888.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. this change was primarily attributable to increases of $51.4 million in total management fees, net and $11.8 million in interest and dividend revenue, partially offset by a decrease of $14.9 million in total performance fees.
revenues in our credit segment in 2017 were up slightly compared to 2016, primarily driven by higher management fees due to increased capital deployed in our performing credit and energy portfolios, as well as the addition of management fees generated by harvest during the fourth quarter of 2017. this was partially offset by lower performance fees due to greater appreciation in 2016. despite the low interest rate environment, our credit funds were able to identify attractive investment opportunities, particularly in europe and the energy sector, deploying a record $9.7 billion in 2017. we believe the impact of u.s. tax reform is a net positive for our credit segment's u.s.-based portfolio companies with the exception of highly levered companies where the new limits on interest expense deductibility may offset the law's other benefits. while interest rates are expected to rise throughout 2018, we believe our current portfolio is somewhat insulated because much of our debt portfolio is floating rate, short duration and/or held to maturity. moreover, such increases are expected to be against a backdrop of continuing economic strength and improving fundamentals, and the rise in interest rates may create investment opportunities. our credit segment revenues may, however, be negatively impacted by our failure to accurately assess and react to risk; a sustained period of depressed energy and commodity prices; and weakened market fundamentals that may lead to, among other things, ratings downgrades. see "item 1a. risk factors — risks related to our business — difficult market conditions can adversely affect our business in many ways, including by reducing the value or performance of the investments made by our investment funds and reducing the ability of our investment funds to raise or deploy capital, each of which could materially reduce our revenue, earnings and cash flow and adversely affect our financial prospects and condition."
on december 11, 2017, blackstone announced it was concluding its investment sub-advisory relationship with the fs funds effective april 9, 2018. through april 9, 2018, gso will continue to provide investment services to the fs funds to help ensure a smooth transition. concurrently, gso will ramp up its internal, integrated platform to continue its business in the direct lending area. at december 31, 2017, the fs funds represented $20.0 billion of total assets under management. over time, we believe we will replace and ultimately overtake the prior level of revenue and earnings associated with our sub-advisory relations with fs investments. as part of the transaction, blackstone will receive proceeds from fs investments of $582.5 million.
total management fees, net were $548.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, an increase of $51.4 million compared to $497.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase was primarily attributable to our performing credit and energy portfolios, as well as harvest.
the annualized base management fee rate decreased from 0.78% at december 31, 2016 to 0.56% at december 31, 2017. the decrease was principally due to the inclusion of our insurance solutions initiative and the related fee-holiday in the fourth quarter of 2017.
interest and dividend revenue was $30.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, an increase of $11.8 million compared to $18.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase was primarily attributable to higher interest income earned by blackstone on larger investment balances and an increase in interest rates, which is allocated to the segment.
performance fees were $327.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, a decrease of $14.9 million compared to $341.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. the decrease was primarily driven by greater appreciation for the year ended december 31, 2016 as a result of the recovery from market dislocation that was experienced at the end of 2015 and early 2016.
expenses expenses were $528.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, an increase of $46.6 million compared to $481.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase in expenses was primarily attributable to increases of $20.5 million in total compensation and benefits, $14.2 million in interest expense and $11.9 million in other operating expenses. the increase in total compensation and benefits was primarily due to an increase in compensation of $33.9 million, partially offset by a decrease of $13.4 million in performance fee compensation. the increase in compensation was primarily due to an increase in management fees revenue, on which a portion of compensation is based. the decrease in performance fee compensation was due to the decrease in performance fees revenue. the increase in interest expense was principally due to the allocation to the segment of certain one-time charges in the fourth quarter of 2017 related to the repurchase of blackstone's notes due in 2019. the increase in other operating expenses was driven by increases in professional fees, fundraising costs and certain one-time expenses.
revenues revenues were $888.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, an increase of $410.4 million compared to $478.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase in revenues was primarily attributable to increases of $355.2 million in performance fees, $30.7 million in investment income (loss) and $19.7 million in total management fees, net.
performance fees were $341.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, an increase of $355.2 million compared to $(13.2) million for the year ended december 31, 2015. this increase was primarily due to an appreciation of energy investments and distressed debt positions across funds. the composite net returns of blackstone's significant credit segment funds were 13.3% for distressed strategies and 16.7% for performing credit strategies for the year ended december 31, 2016.
investment income (loss) was $21.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, an increase of $30.7 million compared to $(9.1) million for the year ended december 31, 2015. this increase was primarily due to unrealized investment gains in distressed strategies, mezzanine funds and funds in our long only strategies.
total management fees, net were $497.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, an increase of $19.7 million compared to $477.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. this increase was primarily attributable to the growth in fee-earning assets under management for our credit drawdown funds and our bdcs.
expenses expenses were $481.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, an increase of $215.9 million compared to $265.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase in expenses was attributable to increases of $191.8 million and $20.8 million in total compensation and benefits and other operating expenses, respectively. the increase in total compensation and benefits was primarily due to an increase in performance fee compensation of $179.4 million. the increase in performance fee compensation was due to the increase in performance fees revenue. the increase in other operating expenses was due to fundraising costs, depreciation and other costs allocated to the segment.
fund returns fund return information for our significant businesses is included throughout this discussion and analysis to facilitate an understanding of our results of operations for the periods presented. the fund returns information reflected in this discussion and analysis is not indicative of the financial performance of the blackstone group l.p. and is also not necessarily indicative of the future results of any particular fund. an investment in the blackstone group l.p. is not an investment in any of our funds. there can be no assurance that any of our funds or our other existing and future funds will achieve similar returns.
the following table presents combined internal rates of return of the segment's performing credit and distressed strategies funds:
2017                             2016                              2015                               total composite (a)                           gross             net             gross             net           gross             net          gross               net performing credit strategies (b)           11   %           6   %            23   %          17   %            -1   %           -5   %   15        %         9         %
distressed strategies (c)                   8   %           5   %            18   %          13   %            -7   %           -8   %   11        %         7         %
(a)   net returns are based on the change in carrying value (realized and unrealized) after management fees, expenses and performance fee allocations, net of tax advances.
(b)                   performing credit strategies include mezzanine lending funds, bdcs and other performing credit strategy funds. performing credit strategies' returns represent the irr of the combined cash flows of the fee-earning funds exceeding $100 million of fair value at each respective quarter end excluding the blackstone funds that were contributed to gso as part of blackstone's acquisition of gso in march 2008. the inception to date returns are from july 16, 2007.
(c)       distressed strategies include stressed/distressed funds, credit alpha strategies and energy strategies. distressed strategies' returns represent the irr of the combined cash flows of the fee-earning funds exceeding $100 million of fair value at each respective quarter end. the inception to date returns are from august 1, 2005.
as of december 31, 2017, there was $30.4 billion of performance fee eligible assets under management invested in credit strategies that were above the hurdle necessary to generate incentive fees or carried interest. this represented 50% of the total performance fee eligible assets at fair value across all credit strategies.
liquidity and capital resources general blackstone's business model derives revenue primarily from third party assets under management. blackstone is not a capital or balance sheet intensive business and targets operating expense levels such that total management and advisory fees exceed total operating expenses each period. as a result, we require limited capital resources to support the working capital or operating needs of our businesses. we draw primarily on the long-term committed capital of our limited partner investors to fund the investment requirements of the blackstone funds and use our own realizations and cash flows to invest in growth initiatives, make commitments to our own funds, where our minimum general partner commitments are generally less than 5% of the limited partner commitments of a fund, and pay distributions to unitholders.
fluctuations in our statement of financial condition result primarily from activities of the blackstone funds which are consolidated as well as business transactions, such as the issuance of senior notes described below. the majority economic ownership interests of the blackstone funds are reflected as redeemable non-controlling interests in consolidated entities, and non-controlling interests in consolidated entities in the consolidated financial statements. the consolidation of these blackstone funds has no net effect on the partnership's net income or partners' capital. additionally, fluctuations in our statement of financial condition also include appreciation or depreciation in blackstone investments in the blackstone funds, additional investments and redemptions of such interests in the blackstone funds and the collection of receivables related to management and advisory fees.
total assets were $34.4 billion as of december 31, 2017, an increase of $8.0 billion from december 31, 2016. the increase in total assets was primarily due to an increase in investments of $6.7 billion, primarily due to new consolidated clo vehicles.
total liabilities were $20.7 billion as of december 31, 2017, an increase of $6.8 billion from december 31, 2016. the increase in total liabilities was primarily due to an increase in loans payable of $5.9 billion, primarily due to new consolidated clo vehicles.
for the year ended december 31, 2017, we had total fee related revenues of $2.8 billion and related expenses of $1.5 billion, generating fee related earnings of $1.2 billion and distributable earnings of $3.9 billion.
sources and uses of liquidity we have multiple sources of liquidity to meet our capital needs, including annual cash flows, accumulated earnings in the businesses, the proceeds from our issuances of senior notes, liquid investments we hold on our balance sheet for our own use and access to our $1.5 billion committed revolving credit facility. as of december 31, 2017, blackstone had $2.0 billion in cash and cash equivalents, $3.1 billion invested in corporate treasury investment, $1.9 billion invested in blackstone funds and other investments, against $3.5 billion in borrowings from our bond issuances, and no borrowings outstanding under our revolving credit facility.
on october 2, 2017, blackstone issued $300 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.150% senior notes maturing on october 2, 2027 and $300 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.000% senior notes maturing on october 2, 2047. blackstone used the proceeds from these notes to repurchase all of its 6.625% senior notes maturing on august 15, 2019.
in addition to the cash we received from our debt offerings and availability under our committed revolving credit facility, we expect to receive (a) cash generated from operating activities, (b) carried interest and incentive income realizations, and (c) realizations on the carry and hedge fund investments that we make. the amounts received from these three sources in particular may vary substantially from year to year and quarter to quarter depending on the frequency and size of realization events or net returns experienced by our investment funds. our available capital could be adversely affected if there are prolonged periods of few substantial realizations from our investment funds accompanied by substantial capital calls for new investments from those investment funds. therefore, blackstone's commitments to our funds are taken into consideration when managing our overall liquidity and cash position.
we expect that our primary liquidity needs will be cash to (a) provide capital to facilitate the growth of our existing businesses which principally includes funding our general partner and co-investment commitments to our funds, (b) provide capital to facilitate our expansion into new businesses that are complementary, (c) pay operating expenses, including cash compensation to our employees and other obligations as they arise, (d) fund modest capital expenditures, (e) repay borrowings and related interest costs, (f) pay income taxes, and (g) make distributions to our unitholders and the holders of blackstone holdings partnership units. our own capital commitments to our funds, the funds we invest in and our investment strategies as of december 31, 2017 consisted of the following:
fund                                   original                    remaining                 original                        remaining commitment                  commitment                commitment                      commitment private equity bcp v                                  $629,356                    $30,730                   $—                              $—
tactical opportunities                         344,581                     182,829                    97,127                          60,943
strategic partners                             409,238                     265,694                    58,627                          36,004
hedge fund solutions strategic alliance                              50,000                       2,033                         —                               —
strategic alliance ii                           50,000                       1,482                         —                               —
strategic alliance iii                          22,000                      19,769                         —                               —
strategic holdings lp                           49,500                      38,943                         —                               —
credit capital opportunities fund ii lp               120,000                      34,439                   110,097                          31,597
capital opportunities fund iii lp              130,783                      97,663                    29,854                          22,410
gso capital solutions                           50,000                       6,552                    27,666                           3,625
gso capital solutions ii                       125,000                      59,718                   120,064                          57,360
gso capital solutions iii                      151,000                     151,000                    29,785                          29,785
gso energy select opportunities fund            80,000                      53,184                    74,694                          49,657
gso credit alpha fund lp                        52,102                      20,852                    50,217                          20,098
(a)                                             for some of the general partner commitments shown in the table above we require our senior managing directors and certain other professionals to fund a portion of the commitment even though the ultimate obligation to fund the aggregate commitment is ours pursuant to the governing agreements of the respective funds. the amounts of the aggregate applicable general partner original and remaining commitment are shown in the table above. in addition, certain senior managing directors and other professionals are required to fund a de minimis amount of the commitment in the other private equity, real estate and credit-focused carry funds. we expect our commitments to be drawn down over time and to be funded by available cash and cash generated from operations and realizations. taking into account prevailing market conditions and both the liquidity and cash or liquid investment balances, we believe that the sources of liquidity described above will be more than sufficient to fund our working capital requirements.
(b)   represents capital commitments to a number of other funds in each respective segment.
(a)                                          the notes are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the issuer and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, by the blackstone group l.p.
and each of the blackstone holdings partnerships. the notes contain customary covenants and financial restrictions that, among other things, limit the issuer and the guarantors' ability, subject to certain exceptions, to incur indebtedness secured by liens on voting stock or profit participating equity interests of their subsidiaries or merge, consolidate or sell, transfer or lease assets. the notes also contain customary events of default. all or a portion of the notes may be redeemed at our option, in whole or in part, at any time and from time to time, prior to their stated maturity, at the make-whole redemption price set forth in the notes. if a change of control repurchase event occurs, the notes are subject to repurchase at the repurchase price as set forth in the notes.
blackstone, through indirect subsidiaries, has a $1.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility (the "credit facility") with citibank, n.a., as administrative agent with a maturity date of august 31, 2021. borrowings may also be made in u.k. sterling, euros, swiss francs or japanese yen, in each case subject to certain sub-limits. the credit facility contains customary representations, covenants and events of default. financial covenants consist of a maximum net leverage ratio and a requirement to keep a minimum amount of fee-earning assets under management, each tested quarterly.
in january 2008, the board of directors of our general partner, blackstone group management l.l.c., authorized the repurchase of up to $500 million of our common units and blackstone holdings partnership units. under this unit repurchase program, units may be repurchased from time to time in open market transactions, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. the timing and the actual number of blackstone common units and blackstone holdings partnership units repurchased will depend on a variety of factors, including legal requirements, price and economic and market conditions. this unit repurchase program may be suspended or discontinued at any time and does not have a specified expiration date. during the year ended december 31, 2017, no units were repurchased. as of december 31, 2017, the amount remaining under this program available for repurchases was $335.8 million.
distributable earnings, fee related earnings and economic net income we use distributable earnings, which is derived from our segment reported results, as a supplemental non -gaap measure to assess performance and amounts available for distributions to blackstone unitholders, including blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the blackstone holdings partnerships. distributable earnings is intended to show the amount of net realized earnings without the effects of the consolidation of the blackstone funds. distributable earnings is derived from and reconciled to, but not equivalent to, its most directly comparable gaap measure of income (loss) before provision for taxes. distributable earnings, which is a component of economic net income, is the sum across all segments of: (a) total management, advisory and other fees, net, (b) interest and dividend revenue, (c) realized performance fees, and (d) realized investment income (loss); less (a) compensation, excluding the expense of equity-based awards, (b) realized performance fee compensation, (c) other operating expenses, and (d) taxes and related payables under the tax receivable agreement.
effective january 1, 2017, fee related earnings was redefined to exclude all equity-based compensation and other revenue. distributable earnings was redefined to exclude other revenue. all prior periods have been recast to reflect this reclassification. equity-based compensation and other revenue both continue to be included in economic income and economic net income.
(a)   represents the total segment amounts of the respective captions. see note 21. "segment reporting" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "— item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this filing.
(c)   taxes and related payables including payable under tax receivable agreement represent the total gaap tax provision adjusted to include only the current tax provision
(benefit) calculated on income (loss) before provision for taxes and the payable under tax receivable agreement.
(e)   represents equity-based award expense included in economic income, which excludes all transaction-related equity-based charges.
(a)   represents the total segment amounts of the respective captions. see note 21. "segment reporting" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "— item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this filing.
(b)   taxes and related payables including payable under tax receivable agreement represent the total gaap tax provision adjusted to include only the current tax provision
(benefit) calculated on income (loss) before provision for taxes and the payable under tax receivable agreement.
(d)   represents equity-based award expense included in economic income, which excludes all transaction-related equity-based charges.
the following table is a reconciliation of net income (loss) attributable to the blackstone group l.p. to economic income, of economic income to economic net income, of economic net income to fee related earnings, of fee related earnings to distributable earnings and of distributable earnings to adjusted earnings before interest, taxes and depreciation and amortization:
(a)                                            this adjustment adds back to income (loss) before provision (benefit) for taxes amounts for transaction-related charges which include principally equity-based compensation charges associated with blackstone's initial public offering and certain long-term retention programs outside of annual deferred compensation, revaluations of the tax receivable agreement liability and other corporate actions.
(b)   this adjustment adds back to income (loss) before provision (benefit) for taxes amounts for the amortization of intangibles which are associated with blackstone's initial public offering and other corporate actions.
(c)   this adjustment adds back to income (loss) before provision (benefit) for taxes the amount of (income) loss associated with non-controlling interests of consolidated entities and includes the amount of management fee revenues associated with consolidated clo entities.
(d)   taxes represent the total gaap tax provision adjusted to include only the current tax provision (benefit) calculated on income (loss) before provision for taxes and adjusted to exclude the tax impact on any divestitures.
(e)   this adjustment removes from economic income the total segment amount of performance fees.
(f)   this adjustment removes from economic income the total segment amount of investment income (loss).
(i)   this adjustment removes from expenses the compensation and benefit amounts related to blackstone's profit sharing plans related to performance fees, including incentive fee related equity-based award expense.
(j)   represents non-incentive fee related equity-based award expense and excludes all transaction-related equity-based charges.
(k)   represents the adjustment for realized performance fees net of corresponding actual amounts due under blackstone's profit sharing plans related thereto. equals the sum of net realized incentive fees and net realized carried interest.
(l)   represents the adjustment for blackstone's realized investment income (loss).
(m)   taxes and related payables including payable under tax receivable agreement represent the total gaap tax provision adjusted to include only the current tax provision
(benefit) calculated on income (loss) before provision for taxes and to exclude the tax impact on any divestures and the payable under tax receivable agreement.
distributions distributable earnings, which is derived from blackstone's segment reported results, is a supplemental measure to assess performance and amounts available for distributions to blackstone unitholders, including blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the blackstone holdings partnerships. distributable earnings is intended to show the amount of net realized earnings without the effects of the consolidation of the blackstone funds. distributable earnings, which is a component of economic net income, is the sum across all segments of: (a) total management, advisory and other fees, net, (b) interest and dividend revenue, (c) realized performance fees, and (d) realized investment income (loss); less (a) compensation, excluding the expense of equity-based awards, (b) realized performance fee compensation, (c) other operating expenses, and (d) taxes and related payables under the tax receivable agreement.
our intention is to distribute quarterly to common unitholders approximately 85% of the blackstone group l.p.'s share of distributable earnings, subject to adjustment by amounts determined by blackstone's general partner to be necessary or appropriate to provide for the conduct of its business, to make appropriate investments in its business and funds, to comply with applicable law, any of its debt instruments or other agreements, or to provide for future cash requirements such as tax-related payments, clawback obligations and distributions to unitholders for any ensuing quarter. the amount to be distributed could also be adjusted upward in any one quarter.
all of the foregoing is subject to the qualification that the declaration and payment of any distributions are at the sole discretion of our general partner, and our general partner may change our distribution policy at any time, including, without limitation, to reduce the quarterly distribution payable to our common unitholders or even to eliminate such distributions entirely.
because the subsidiaries of the blackstone group l.p. must pay taxes and make payments under the tax receivable agreements, the amounts ultimately distributed by the blackstone group l.p. to its common unitholders in respect of each fiscal year are generally expected to be less, on a per unit basis, than the amounts distributed by the blackstone holdings partnerships to the blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the blackstone holdings partnerships in respect of their blackstone holdings partnership units.
the following graph shows fiscal quarterly and annual per common unitholder distributions for 2015, 2016 and 2017. distributions are declared and paid in the quarter subsequent to the quarter in which they are earned.
with respect to fiscal year 2017, we have paid to common unitholders distributions of $0.87, $0.54, $0.44 and $0.85 per common unit in respect of the first, second, third and fourth quarters, respectively, aggregating $2.70 per common unit. with respect to fiscal years 2016 and 2015, we paid aggregate common unitholder distributions of $1.52 per common unit and $2.73 per common unit, respectively.
with respect to fiscal year 2017, we have paid to the blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the blackstone holdings partnerships distributions of $0.88, $0.59, $0.45 and $0.93 per blackstone holdings partnership unit in respect of the first, second, third and fourth quarters, respectively, aggregating $2.85 per blackstone holdings partnership unit. with respect to fiscal years 2016 and 2015, we paid aggregate distributions of $1.63 per blackstone holdings partnership unit and $2.78 per blackstone holdings partnership unit, respectively.
leverage we may under certain circumstances use leverage opportunistically and over time to create the most efficient capital structure for blackstone and our public common unitholders. in addition to the borrowings from our bond issuances and our revolving credit facility, we may use reverse repurchase agreements, repurchase agreements and securities sold, not yet purchased. all of these positions are held in a separately managed portfolio. reverse repurchase agreements are entered into primarily to take advantage of opportunistic yields otherwise absent in the overnight markets and also to use the collateral received to cover securities sold, not yet purchased. repurchase agreements are entered into primarily to opportunistically yield higher spreads on purchased securities. the balances held in these financial instruments fluctuate based on blackstone's liquidity needs, market conditions and investment risk profiles.
generally our funds in our private equity segment, our opportunistic real estate funds, funds of hedge funds and certain credit-focused funds have not utilized substantial leverage at the fund level other than for (a) short-term borrowings between the date of an investment and the receipt of capital from the investing fund's investors, and (b) long-term borrowings for certain investments in aggregate amounts which are generally 1% to 25% of the capital commitments of the respective fund. our carry funds make direct or indirect investments in companies that utilize leverage in their capital structure. the degree of leverage employed varies among portfolio companies.
certain of our real estate debt hedge funds, hedge fund solutions funds and credit-focused funds use leverage in order to obtain additional market exposure, enhance returns on invested capital and/or to bridge short-term cash needs. the forms of leverage primarily employed by these funds include purchasing securities on margin, utilizing collateralized financing and using derivative instruments.
the following table presents information regarding these financial instruments in our consolidated statements of financial condition:
reverse                      repurchase                  securities repurchase                   agreements               sold, not yet agreements                                                purchased critical accounting policies we prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with gaap. in applying many of these accounting principles, we need to make assumptions, estimates and/or judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses in our consolidated financial statements. we base our estimates and judgments on historical experience and other assumptions that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. these assumptions, estimates and/or judgments, however, are often subjective. actual results may be affected negatively based on changing circumstances. if actual amounts are ultimately different from our estimates, the revisions are included in our results of operations for the period in which the actual amounts become known. we believe the following critical accounting policies could potentially produce materially different results if we were to change underlying assumptions, estimates and/or judgments. see note 2. "summary of significant accounting policies" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "— item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this filing.
principles of consolidation the partnership consolidates all entities that it controls through a majority voting interest or otherwise, including those blackstone funds in which the general partner has a controlling financial interest. the partnership has a controlling interest in blackstone holdings because the limited partners do not have the right to dissolve the partnerships or have substantive kick out rights or participating rights that would overcome the presumption of control by the partnership. accordingly, the partnership consolidates blackstone holdings and records non-controlling interests to reflect the economic interests of the limited partners of blackstone holdings.
in addition, the partnership consolidates all variable interest entities ("vie") in which it is the primary beneficiary. an enterprise is determined to be the primary beneficiary if it holds a controlling financial interest. a controlling financial interest is defined as (a) the power to direct the activities of a vie that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance and (b) the obligation to absorb losses of the entity or the right to receive benefits from the entity that could potentially be significant to the vie. the consolidation guidance requires an analysis to determine (a) whether an entity in which the partnership holds a variable interest is a vie and (b) whether the partnership's involvement, through holding interests directly or indirectly in the entity or contractually through other variable interests (for example, management and performance related fees), would give it a controlling financial interest. performance of that analysis requires the exercise of judgment.
the partnership determines whether it is the primary beneficiary of a vie at the time it becomes involved with a variable interest entity and reconsiders that conclusion continually. in evaluating whether the partnership is the primary beneficiary, blackstone evaluates its economic interests in the entity held either directly or indirectly by the partnership. the consolidation analysis can generally be performed qualitatively; however, if it is not readily apparent that the partnership is not the primary beneficiary, a quantitative analysis may also be performed. investments and redemptions (either by the partnership, affiliates of the partnership or third parties) or amendments to the governing documents of the respective blackstone funds could affect an entity's status as a vie or the determination of the primary beneficiary. at each reporting date, the partnership assesses whether it is the primary beneficiary and will consolidate or deconsolidate accordingly.
assets of consolidated vies that can only be used to settle obligations of the consolidated vie and liabilities of a consolidated vie for which creditors (or beneficial interest holders) do not have recourse to the general credit of blackstone are presented in a separate section in the consolidated statements of financial condition.
revenue recognition revenues primarily consist of management and advisory fees, performance fees, investment income, interest and dividend revenue and other. please refer to "part i. item 1. business — incentive arrangements / fee structure" for additional information regarding the manner in which base management fees and performance fees are generated.
management and advisory fees, net — management and advisory fees, net are comprised of management fees, including base management fees, transaction and other fees and advisory fees net of management fee reductions and offsets.
the partnership earns base management fees from limited partners of funds in each of its managed funds, at a fixed percentage of assets under management, net asset value, total assets, committed capital or invested capital, or in some cases, a fixed fee. base management fees are recognized based on contractual terms specified in the underlying investment advisory agreements. the range of management fee rates and the calculation base from which they are earned, generally, are as follows:
on private equity, real estate, and certain of our hedge fund solutions and credit-focused funds:
•   0.28% to 1.75% of committed capital or invested capital during the investment period,
•   0.25% to 1.50% of invested capital or investment fair value subsequent to the investment period for private equity and real estate funds, and
•   0.75% to 1.50% of invested capital or net asset value subsequent to the investment period for certain of our hedge fund solutions and credit-focused funds.
on real estate, credit and mlp-focused funds structured like hedge funds:
•   0.50% to 1.50% of net asset value.
on credit and mlp-focused separately managed accounts:
•   0.25% to 1.50% of net asset value or total assets.
•   0.50% to 2.00% of invested capital, net operating income or net asset value.
•   0.50% to 1.25% of net asset value.
•   0.40% to 0.65% of the aggregate par amount of collateral assets, including principal cash.
on credit-focused registered and non-registered investment companies:
•   0.35% to 1.50% of total assets or net asset value.
the investment adviser of bxmt receives annual management fees based upon 1.50% of bxmt's net proceeds received from equity offerings and accumulated "core earnings" (which is generally equal to its gaap net income excluding certain non-cash and other items), subject to certain adjustments. the investment adviser of our non-exchange traded reit receives a management fee of 1.25% per annum of net asset value, payable monthly.
transaction and other fees (including monitoring fees) are fees charged directly to managed funds and portfolio companies. the investment advisory agreements generally require that the investment adviser reduce the amount of management fees payable by the limited partners to the partnership ("management fee reductions") by an amount equal to a portion of the transaction and other fees directly paid to the partnership by the portfolio companies. the amount of the reduction varies by fund, the type of fee paid by the portfolio company and the previously incurred expenses of the fund.
management fee offsets are reductions to management fees payable by the limited partners of the blackstone funds, which are granted based on the amount such limited partners reimburse the blackstone funds for placement fees.
advisory fees consist of transaction-based fee arrangements. transaction-based fees are recognized when (a) there is evidence of an arrangement with a client, (b) agreed upon services have been provided, (c) fees are fixed or determinable, and (d) collection is reasonably assured.
accrued but unpaid management and advisory fees, net of management fee reductions and management fee offsets, as of the reporting date are included in accounts receivable or due from affiliates in the consolidated statements of financial condition. management fees paid by limited partners to the blackstone funds and passed on to blackstone are not considered affiliate revenues.
performance fees — performance fees earned on the performance of blackstone's hedge fund structures ("incentive fees") are recognized based on fund performance during the period, subject to the achievement of minimum return levels, or high water marks, in accordance with the respective terms set out in each hedge fund's governing agreements. accrued but unpaid incentive fees charged directly to investors in blackstone's offshore hedge funds as of the reporting date are recorded within due from affiliates in the consolidated statements of financial condition. accrued but unpaid incentive fees on onshore funds as of the reporting date are reflected in investments in the consolidated statements of financial condition. incentive fees are realized at the end of a measurement period, typically annually. once realized, such fees are not subject to clawback or reversal.
in certain fund structures, specifically in private equity, real estate and certain hedge fund solutions and credit-focused funds ("carry funds"), performance fees ("carried interest") are allocated to the general partner based on cumulative fund performance to date, subject to a preferred return to limited partners. at the end of each reporting period, the partnership calculates the carried interest that would be due to the partnership for each fund, pursuant to the fund agreements, as if the fair value of the underlying investments were realized as of such date, irrespective of whether such amounts have been realized. as the fair value of underlying investments varies between reporting periods, it is necessary to make adjustments to amounts recorded as carried interest to reflect either (a) positive performance resulting in an increase in the carried interest allocated to the general partner or (b) negative performance that would cause the amount due to the partnership to be less than the amount previously recognized as revenue, resulting in a negative adjustment to carried interest allocated to the general partner. in each scenario, it is necessary to calculate the carried interest on cumulative results compared to the carried interest recorded to date and make the required positive or negative adjustments. the partnership ceases to record negative carried interest allocations once previously recognized carried interest allocations for such fund have been fully reversed. the partnership is not obligated to pay guaranteed returns or hurdles, and therefore, cannot have negative carried interest over the life of a fund. accrued but unpaid carried interest as of the reporting date is reflected in investments in the consolidated statements of financial condition.
carried interest is realized when an underlying investment is profitably disposed of and the fund's cumulative returns are in excess of the preferred return or, in limited instances, after certain thresholds for return of capital are met. carried interest is subject to clawback to the extent that the carried interest received to date exceeds the amount due to blackstone based on cumulative results. as such, the accrual for potential repayment of previously received carried interest, which is a component of due to affiliates, represents all amounts previously distributed to blackstone holdings and non-controlling interest holders that would need to be repaid to the blackstone carry funds if the blackstone carry funds were to be liquidated based on the current fair value of the underlying funds' investments as of the reporting date. the actual clawback liability, however, generally does not become realized until the end of a fund's life except for certain funds, including certain blackstone real estate funds, multi-asset class investment funds and credit-focused funds, which may have an interim clawback liability.
investment income (loss) — investment income (loss) represents the unrealized and realized gains and losses on the partnership's principal investments, including its investments in blackstone funds that are not consolidated, its equity method investments, and other principal investments. investment income (loss) is realized when the partnership redeems all or a portion of its investment or when the partnership receives cash income, such as dividends or distributions. unrealized investment income (loss) results from changes in the fair value of the underlying investment as well as the reversal of unrealized gain (loss) at the time an investment is realized.
interest and dividend revenue — interest and dividend revenue comprises primarily interest and dividend income earned on principal investments held by blackstone.
other revenue — other revenue consists of miscellaneous income and foreign exchange gains and losses arising on transactions denominated in currencies other than u.s. dollars.
expenses our expenses include compensation and benefits expense and general and administrative expenses. our accounting policies related thereto are as follows:
compensation and benefits — compensation — compensation and benefits consists of (a) employee compensation, comprising salary and bonus, and benefits paid and payable to employees and senior managing directors and (b) equity-based compensation associated with the grants of equity-based awards to employees and senior managing directors. compensation cost relating to the issuance of equity-based awards to senior managing directors and employees is measured at fair value at the grant date, taking into consideration expected forfeitures, and expensed over the vesting period on a straight-line basis, except in the case of (a) equity-based awards that do not require future service, which are expensed immediately, and (b) certain awards to recipients that meet specified criteria making them eligible for retirement treatment (allowing such recipient to keep a percentage of those awards upon departure from blackstone after becoming eligible for retirement), for which the expense for the portion of the award that would be retained in the event of retirement is either expensed immediately or amortized to the retirement date. cash settled equity-based awards are classified as liabilities and are remeasured at the end of each reporting period.
compensation and benefits — performance fee — performance fee compensation consists of carried interest (which may be distributed in cash or in-kind) and incentive fee allocations, and may in future periods also include allocations of investment income from blackstone's firm investments, to employees and senior managing directors participating in certain profit sharing initiatives. such compensation expense is subject to both positive and negative adjustments. unlike carried interest and incentive fees, compensation expense is based on the performance of individual investments held by a fund rather than on a fund by fund basis. compensation received from advisory clients in the form of securities of such clients may also be allocated to employees and senior managing directors.
fair value of financial instruments gaap establishes a hierarchical disclosure framework which prioritizes and ranks the level of market price observability used in measuring financial instruments at fair value. market price observability is affected by a number of factors, including the type of financial instrument, the characteristics specific to the financial instrument and the state of the marketplace, including the existence and transparency of transactions between market participants. financial instruments with readily available quoted prices in active markets generally will have a higher degree of market price observability and a lesser degree of judgment used in measuring fair value.
financial instruments measured and reported at fair value are classified and disclosed based on the observability of inputs used in the determination of fair values, as follows:
•                                                        level i — quoted prices are available in active markets for identical financial instruments as of the reporting date. the types of financial instruments in level i include listed equities, listed derivatives and mutual funds with quoted prices. the partnership does not adjust the quoted price for these investments, even in situations where blackstone holds a large position and a sale could reasonably impact the quoted price.
•                                                        level ii — pricing inputs are other than quoted prices in active markets, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date, and fair value is determined through the use of models or other valuation methodologies. financial instruments which are generally included in this category include corporate bonds and loans, including corporate bonds and loans held within clo vehicles, government and agency securities, less liquid and restricted equity securities, and certain over-the-counter derivatives where the fair value is based on observable inputs. senior and subordinated notes issued by clo vehicles are classified within level ii of the fair value hierarchy.
•                                                        level iii — pricing inputs are unobservable for the financial instruments and includes situations where there is little, if any, market activity for the financial instrument. the inputs into the determination of fair value require significant management judgment or estimation. financial instruments that are included in this category generally include general and limited partnership interests in private equity and real estate funds, credit-focused funds, distressed debt and non-investment grade residual interests in securitizations, certain corporate bonds and loans held within clo vehicles, and certain over-the-counter derivatives where the fair value is based on unobservable inputs.
in certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. in such cases, the determination of which category within the fair value hierarchy is appropriate for any given financial instrument is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. the partnership's assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the financial instrument.
transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy are recognized at the beginning of the reporting period.
level ii valuation techniques financial instruments classified within level ii of the fair value hierarchy comprise debt instruments, including certain corporate loans and bonds held by blackstone's consolidated clo vehicles and debt securities sold, not yet purchased. certain equity securities and derivative instruments valued using observable inputs are also classified as level ii.
the valuation techniques used to value financial instruments classified within level ii of the fair value hierarchy are as follows:
•                                                   debt instruments and equity securities are valued on the basis of prices from an orderly transaction between market participants provided by reputable dealers or pricing services. in determining the value of a particular investment, pricing services may use certain information with respect to transactions in such investments, quotations from dealers, pricing matrices and market transactions in comparable investments and various relationships between investments. the valuation of certain equity securities is based on an observable price for an identical security adjusted for the effect of a restriction.
•   freestanding derivatives are valued using contractual cash flows and observable inputs comprising yield curves, foreign currency rates and credit spreads.
•   senior and subordinate notes issued by clo vehicles are classified based on the more observable fair value of clo assets less (a) the fair value of any beneficial interests held by blackstone, and (b) the carrying value of any beneficial interests that represent compensation for services.
level iii valuation techniques in the absence of observable market prices, blackstone values its investments using valuation methodologies applied on a consistent basis. for some investments little market activity may exist; management's determination of fair value is then based on the best information available in the circumstances, and may incorporate management's own assumptions and involves a significant degree of judgment, taking into consideration a combination of internal and external factors, including the appropriate risk adjustments for non-performance and liquidity risks. investments for which market prices are not observable include private investments in the equity of operating companies, real estate properties, certain funds of hedge funds and credit-focused investments.
private equity investments — the fair values of private equity investments are determined by reference to projected net earnings, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("ebitda"), the discounted cash flow method, public market or private transactions, valuations for comparable companies and other measures which, in many cases, are based on unaudited information at the time received. valuations may be derived by reference to observable valuation measures for comparable companies or transactions (for example, multiplying a key performance metric of the investee company, such as ebitda, by a relevant valuation multiple observed in the range of comparable companies or transactions), adjusted by management for differences between the investment and the referenced comparables, and in some instances by reference to option pricing models or other similar methods. where a discounted cash flow method is used, a terminal value is derived by reference to ebitda or price/earnings exit multiples.
real estate investments — the fair values of real estate investments are determined by considering projected operating cash flows, sales of comparable assets, if any, and replacement costs among other measures. the methods used to estimate the fair value of real estate investments include the discounted cash flow method and/or capitalization rates ("cap rates") analysis. valuations may be derived by reference to observable valuation measures for comparable companies or assets (for example, multiplying a key performance metric of the investee company or asset, such as ebitda, by a relevant valuation multiple observed in the range of comparable companies or transactions), adjusted by management for differences between the investment and the referenced comparables, and in some instances by reference to option pricing models or other similar methods. where a discounted cash flow method is used, a terminal value is derived by reference to an exit ebitda multiple or capitalization rate.
additionally, where applicable, projected distributable cash flow through debt maturity will be considered in support of the investment's fair value.
credit-focused investments — the fair values of credit-focused investments are generally determined on the basis of prices between market participants provided by reputable dealers or pricing services. for credit-focused investments that are not publicly traded or whose market prices are not readily available, blackstone may utilize other valuation techniques, including the discounted cash flow method or a market approach. the discounted cash flow method projects the expected cash flows of the debt instrument based on contractual terms, and discounts such cash flows back to the valuation date using a market-based yield. the market-based yield is estimated using yields of publicly traded debt instruments issued by companies operating in similar industries as the subject investment, with similar leverage statistics and time to maturity.
the market approach is generally used to determine the enterprise value of the issuer of a credit investment, and considers valuation multiples of comparable companies or transactions. the resulting enterprise value will dictate whether or not such credit investment has adequate enterprise value coverage. in cases of distressed credit instruments, the market approach may be used to estimate a recovery value in the event of a restructuring.
level iii valuation process investments classified within level iii of the fair value hierarchy are valued on a quarterly basis, taking into consideration factors including any changes in blackstone's weighted-average cost of capital assumptions, discounted cash flow projections and exit multiple assumptions, as well as any changes in economic and other relevant conditions, and valuation models are updated accordingly. the valuation process also includes a review by an independent valuation party, at least annually for all investments, and quarterly for certain investments, to corroborate the values determined by management. the valuations of blackstone's investments are reviewed quarterly by a valuation committee chaired by blackstone's vice chairman and includes senior heads of each of blackstone's businesses, as well as representatives of legal and finance. each quarter, the valuations of blackstone's investments are also reviewed by the audit committee in a meeting attended by the chairman of the valuation committee. the valuations are further tested by comparison to actual sales prices obtained on disposition of the investments.
investments, at fair value the blackstone funds are accounted for as investment companies under the american institute of certified public accountants accounting and auditing guide, investment companies, and reflect their investments, including majority-owned and controlled investments (the "portfolio companies"), at fair value. such consolidated funds' investments are reflected in investments on the consolidated statements of financial condition at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value reflected as a component of net gains (losses) from fund investment activities in the consolidated statements of operations. fair value is the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability, in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date, at current market conditions (i.e., the exit price).
blackstone's principal investments are presented at fair value with unrealized appreciation or depreciation and realized gains and losses recognized in the consolidated statements of operations within investment income (loss).
for certain instruments, the partnership has elected the fair value option. such election is irrevocable and is applied on an investment by investment basis at initial recognition. the partnership has applied the fair value option for certain loans and receivables and certain investments in private debt securities that otherwise would not have been carried at fair value with gains and losses recorded in net income. accounting for these financial instruments at fair value is consistent with how the partnership accounts for its other principal investments. loans extended to third parties are recorded within accounts receivable within the consolidated statements of financial condition. debt securities for which the fair value option has been elected are recorded within investments. the methodology for measuring the fair value of such investments is consistent with the methodology applied to private equity, real estate, credit-focused and funds of hedge funds investments. changes in the fair value of such instruments are recognized in investment income (loss) in the consolidated statements of operations. interest income on interest bearing loans and receivables and debt securities on which the fair value option has been elected is based on stated coupon rates adjusted for the accretion of purchase discounts and the amortization of purchase premiums. this interest income is recorded within interest and dividend revenue.
in addition, the partnership has elected the fair value option for the assets and liabilities of clo vehicles that are consolidated as of january 1, 2010, as a result of the initial adoption of variable interest entity consolidation guidance. the partnership has also elected the fair value option for clo vehicles consolidated as a result of the acquisitions of clo management contracts or the acquisition of the share capital of clo managers. historically, the adjustment resulting from the difference between the fair value of assets and liabilities for each of these events was presented as a transition and acquisition adjustment to appropriated partners' capital. assets of the consolidated clos are presented within investments within the consolidated statements of financial condition and liabilities within loans payable for the amounts due to unaffiliated third parties and due to affiliates for the amounts held by non-consolidated affiliates. changes in the fair value of consolidated clo assets and liabilities and related interest, dividend and other income subsequent to adoption and acquisition are presented within net gains (losses) from fund investment activities. expenses of consolidated clo vehicles are presented in fund expenses. historically, amounts attributable to non-controlling interests in consolidated entities had a corresponding adjustment to appropriated partners' capital. on the adoption of the new clo measurement guidance, there is no attribution of amounts to non-controlling interests and no corresponding adjustments to appropriated partners' capital.
the partnership has elected the fair value option for certain proprietary investments that would otherwise have been accounted for using the equity method of accounting. the fair value of such investments is based on quoted prices in an active market or using the discounted cash flow method. changes in fair value are recognized in investment income (loss) in the consolidated statements of operations.
further disclosure on instruments for which the fair value option has been elected is presented in note 7. "fair value option" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "— item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this filing.
the investments of consolidated blackstone funds in funds of hedge funds ("investee funds") are valued at net asset value ("nav") per share of the investee fund. in limited circumstances, the partnership may determine, based on its own due diligence and investment procedures, that nav per share does not represent fair value. in such circumstances, the partnership will estimate the fair value in good faith and in a manner that it reasonably chooses, in accordance with the requirements of gaap.
certain investments of blackstone and of the consolidated blackstone funds of hedge funds and credit-focused funds measure their investments in underlying funds at fair value using nav per share without adjustment. the terms of the investee's investment generally provide for minimum holding periods or lock-ups, the institution of gates on redemptions or the suspension of redemptions or an ability to side pocket investments, at the discretion of the investee's fund manager, and as a result, investments may not be redeemable at, or within three months of, the reporting date. a side pocket is used by hedge funds and funds of hedge funds to separate investments that may lack a readily ascertainable value, are illiquid or are subject to liquidity restriction. redemptions are generally not permitted until the investments within a side pocket are liquidated or it is deemed that the conditions existing at the time that required the investment to be included in the side pocket no longer exist. as the timing of either of these events is uncertain, the timing at which the partnership may redeem an investment held in a side pocket cannot be estimated. further disclosure on instruments for which fair value is measured using nav per share is presented in note 5. "net asset value as fair value" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "— item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this filing.
intangibles and goodwill blackstone's intangible assets consist of contractual rights to earn future fee income, including management and advisory fees, incentive fees and carried interest. identifiable finite-lived intangible assets are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives, ranging from three to twenty years, reflecting the contractual lives of such assets. amortization expense is included within general, administrative and other in the consolidated statements of operations. the partnership does not hold any indefinite-lived intangible assets. intangible assets are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
goodwill comprises goodwill arising from the contribution and reorganization of the partnership's predecessor entities in 2007 immediately prior to its ipo, the acquisition of gso in 2008, the acquisition of strategic partners in 2013 and the acquisition of harvest in 2017. goodwill is reviewed for impairment at least annually utilizing a qualitative or quantitative approach, and more frequently if circumstances indicate impairment may have occurred. the impairment testing for goodwill under the qualitative approach is based first on a qualitative assessment to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of blackstone's operating segments is less than their respective carrying values. the operating segment is the reporting level for testing the impairment of goodwill. if it is determined that it is more likely than not that an operating segment's fair value is less than its carrying value or when the quantitative approach is used, a two-step quantitative assessment is performed to (a) calculate the fair value of the operating segment and compare it to its carrying value, and (b) if the carrying value exceeds its fair value, to measure an impairment loss.
senior management has organized the firm into four operating segments. all of the components in each segment have similar economic characteristics and senior management makes key operating decisions based on the performance of each segment. therefore, we believe that operating segment is the appropriate reporting level for testing the impairment of goodwill.
the carrying value of goodwill was $1.8 billion and $1.7 billion as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. at december 31, 2017 and 2016, we determined that there was no evidence of goodwill impairment.
off-balance sheet arrangements in the normal course of business, we enter into various off-balance sheet arrangements including sponsoring and owning limited or general partner interests in consolidated and non-consolidated funds, entering into derivative transactions, entering into operating leases, and entering into guarantee arrangements. we also have ongoing capital commitment arrangements with certain of our consolidated and non-consolidated drawdown funds. we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that would require us to fund losses or guarantee target returns to investors in our funds.
further disclosure on our off-balance sheet arrangements is presented in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "— item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this filing as follows:
•   note 6. "derivative financial instruments",
•   note 9. "variable interest entities", and
•   note 18. "commitments and contingencies — commitments, operating leases; — commitments, investment commitments; and —
recent accounting developments information regarding recent accounting developments and their impact on blackstone can be found in note 2. "summary of significant accounting policies" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "— item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this filing.
contractual obligations, commitments and contingencies the following table sets forth information relating to our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2017 on a consolidated basis and on a basis deconsolidating the blackstone funds:
blackstone issued notes and revolving credit facility (b)                                                              —                          —                    400,000                     3,180,450                     3,580,450
interest on blackstone issued notes and revolving credit facility (c)                                            134,561                    269,112                    233,862                     1,615,396                     2,252,931
blackstone funds capital commitments to investee funds (f)                                                       170,472                          —                          —                             —                       170,472
due to certain non-controlling interest holders in connection with tax receivable agreements (g)                       —                    152,379                    130,179                       443,493                       726,051
unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties (h)                                                       78                          —                          —                             —                            78
blackstone operating entities capital commitments to blackstone funds and other (i)                            2,409,207                          —                          —                             —                     2,409,207
blackstone funds capital commitments to investee funds (f)                                                                               (170,472   )                      —                          —                             —                      (170,472   )
blackstone operating entities contractual obligations                                                         $2,651,139                   $577,931                   $919,969           $5,582,964                             $9,732,003
(a)                                             we lease our primary office space and certain office equipment under agreements that expire through 2030. in connection with certain office space lease agreements, we are responsible for escalation payments. the contractual obligation table above includes only guaranteed minimum lease payments for such leases and does not project potential escalation or other lease-related payments. these leases are classified as operating leases for financial statement purposes and as such are not recorded as liabilities on the consolidated statements of financial condition. the amounts are presented net of contractual sublease commitments.
(c)                 represents interest to be paid over the maturity of our senior notes and borrowings under our revolving credit facility which has been calculated assuming no pre-payments are made and debt is held until its final maturity date. these amounts exclude commitment fees for unutilized borrowings under our revolver and assume no balance thereunder.
(e)   represents interest to be paid over the maturity of the related consolidated blackstone funds' and clo vehicles' debt obligations which has been calculated assuming no pre-payments will be made and debt will be held until its final maturity date. the future interest payments are calculated using variable rates in effect as of december 31, 2017, at spreads to market rates pursuant to the financing agreements, and range from 0.6% to 9.4%. the majority of the borrowings are due on demand and for purposes of this schedule are assumed to mature within one year. interest on the majority of these borrowings rolls over into the principal balance at each reset date.
(f)   these obligations represent commitments of the consolidated blackstone funds to make capital contributions to investee funds and portfolio companies. these amounts are generally due on demand and are therefore presented in the less than one year category.
(g)                                           represents obligations by the partnership's corporate subsidiary to make payments under the tax receivable agreements to certain non-controlling interest holders for the tax savings realized from the taxable purchases of their interests in connection with the reorganization at the time of blackstone's ipo in 2007 and subsequent purchases. the obligation represents the amount of the payments currently expected to be made, which are dependent on the tax savings actually realized as determined annually without discounting for the timing of the payments. as required by gaap, the amount of the obligation included in the consolidated financial statements and shown in note 17. "related party transactions" (see "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data") differs to reflect the net present value of the payments due to certain non-controlling interest holders.
(h)                                        the total represents gross unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties, of $0.1 million. in addition, blackstone is not able to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of payments in individual years in connection with gross unrecognized benefits of $11.4 million and interest of $1.4 million; therefore, such amounts are not included in the above contractual obligations table.
(i)                                             these obligations represent commitments by us to provide general partner capital funding to the blackstone funds, limited partner capital funding to other funds and blackstone principal investment commitments. these amounts are generally due on demand and are therefore presented in the less than one year category; however, a substantial amount of the capital commitments are expected to be called over the next three years. we expect to continue to make these general partner capital commitments as we raise additional amounts for our investment funds over time.
guarantees blackstone and certain of its consolidated funds provide financial guarantees. the amounts and nature of these guarantees are described in note 18. "commitments and contingencies — contingencies — guarantees" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "— item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this filing.
indemnifications in many of its service contracts, blackstone agrees to indemnify the third party service provider under certain circumstances. the terms of the indemnities vary from contract to contract and the amount of indemnification liability, if any, cannot be determined and has not been included in the table above or recorded in our consolidated financial statements as of december 31, 2017.
clawback obligations carried interest is subject to clawback to the extent that the carried interest received to date with respect to a fund exceeds the amount due to blackstone based on cumulative results of that fund. the actual clawback liability, however, generally does not become realized until the end of a fund's life except for certain blackstone real estate funds, multi-asset class investment funds and credit-focused funds, which may have an interim clawback liability. the lives of the carry funds, including available contemplated extensions, for which a liability for potential clawback obligations has been recorded for financial reporting purposes, are currently anticipated to expire at various points through 2028. further extensions of such terms may be implemented under given circumstances.
for financial reporting purposes, when applicable, the general partners record a liability for potential clawback obligations to the limited partners of some of the carry funds due to changes in the unrealized value of a fund's remaining investments and where the fund's general partner has previously received carried interest distributions with respect to such fund's realized investments.
as of december 31, 2017, the total clawback obligations were $2.2 million of which $1.1 million related to blackstone holdings and $1.1 million related to current and former blackstone personnel. if, at december 31, 2017, all of the investments held by our carry funds were deemed worthless, a possibility that management views as remote, the amount of carried interest subject to potential clawback would be $6.2 billion, on an after tax basis where applicable, of which blackstone holdings is potentially liable for $5.7 billion if current and former blackstone personnel default on their share of the liability, a possibility that management also views as remote. (see note 17. "related party transactions" and note 18. "commitments and contingencies" in the "notes to consolidated financial statements" in "— item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" of this filing.)