Abbvie's strategy has focused on delivering strong financial results, maximizing the benefits of the Allergan acquisition, advancing and investing in its pipeline, and returning value to shareholders while ensuring a strong, sustainable growth business over the long term. The company's financial performance in 2020 included delivering worldwide net revenues of $45.8 billion, operating earnings of $11.4 billion, and cash flows from operations of $17.6 billion. Following the closing of the Allergan acquisition, Abbvie implemented an integration plan designed to reduce costs, integrate and optimize the combined organization, which is expected to realize more than $2 billion of expected annual cost synergies over a three-year period. To achieve these integration objectives, Abbvie expects to incur approximately $2 billion of charges through 2022. Abbvie's mission is to discover and develop innovative medicines and products that solve serious health issues today and address the medical challenges of tomorrow while achieving top-tier financial performance through outstanding execution. Abbvie intends to continue to advance its mission by maximizing the benefits of the Allergan acquisition to create a more diversified revenue base with multiple long-term growth drivers and expanding operating margins. The company anticipates several regulatory submissions and key data readouts from key clinical trials in the next 12 months, which are essential for maintaining competitive advantage. Abbvie's existing product portfolio and pipeline are enhanced with numerous Allergan assets, benefiting from Abbvie's commercial strength, expertise, and international infrastructure. The integration of Abbvie and Allergan creates a diverse entity with leadership positions across various therapeutic areas, which is critical for optimizing combined research and development, commercial, and manufacturing operations while maintaining key growth portfolios. Abbvie's long-term success depends significantly on its ability to continue to discover and develop innovative products and acquire or collaborate on compounds currently in development by other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. The company’s pipeline currently includes more than 90 compounds, devices, or indications in development, focused on specialties such as immunology, oncology, aesthetics, neuroscience, eye care, and women's health. Effective management of its research and development capabilities is crucial for driving continued expansion of operating margins and achieving strategic objectives. Abbvie's financial flexibility is supported by its ability to generate cash flows from operations, issue debt, or enter into financing arrangements on acceptable terms, which is essential for supporting the company's growth objectives. The company's ability to adapt to changing market conditions and leverage its IT capabilities in support of business strategies and work processes is vital for maintaining operational efficiency and enhancing organizational capabilities. Abbvie's commitment to driving continued expansion of operating margins is expected to be achieved through continued leverage from revenue growth, realization of expense synergies from the Allergan acquisition, productivity initiatives in supply chain, and ongoing efficiency programs to optimize manufacturing, commercial infrastructure, administrative costs, and general corporate expenses.