The pandemic caused by the novel strain of the coronavirus (COVID-19) has resulted in government authorities implementing numerous measures to try to contain the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter in place orders, and shutdowns, impacting our workforce and operations, the operations of our customers, and those of our respective vendors and suppliers. We have significant operations worldwide, including in the United States, the Philippines, Ireland, Singapore, Malaysia, China, and India. Each of these countries has been affected by the pandemic, resulting in disruptions at some of our manufacturing operations and facilities. The spread of COVID-19 has caused us to modify our business practices, including restricting employee travel, modifying employee work locations, and cancelling physical participation in meetings, events, and conferences. We believe that a continued commitment to research and development (R&D) is essential to maintain product leadership with our existing products as well as to provide innovative new product offerings, and therefore, we expect to continue to make significant R&D investments in the future. We monitor global macroeconomic conditions on an ongoing basis and continue to assess opportunities for improved operational effectiveness and efficiency, as well as a better alignment of expenses with revenues. As a result of these assessments, we have undertaken various restructuring actions over the past several years. We recorded special charges of $49.4 million in fiscal 2020 due to repositioning actions taken to better align our global workforce with our long-term strategic plan. The decrease in operating income in fiscal 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019 was primarily the result of a $323.3 million decrease in gross margin and an $11.8 million increase in selling, marketing, general and administrative (SMG&A) expenses. We expect to continue the development of innovative technologies and processes for new products, which we view as critical to our future growth. Our ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is integral to our information management capability. We believe that our existing sources of liquidity and cash expected to be generated from future operations, together with existing and anticipated available long-term financing, will be sufficient to fund operations, capital expenditures, R&D efforts, transaction costs associated with our proposed acquisition of Maxim, and dividend payments in the immediate future and for at least the next twelve months. The adoption of new revenue accounting rules in the first quarter of fiscal 2019 revised our revenue recognition policy. We recognize revenue upon transfer of control of promised products or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration that we expect to receive in exchange for those products or services. Our cash provided by operating activities is net income adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes in assets and liabilities. The decrease in cash provided by operating activities during fiscal 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019 was primarily a result of lower net income, adjusted for non-cash items, and a decrease from changes in working capital. We believe that our strategy and long-term contingency planning have positioned us well to weather the current uncertainty, although we cannot at this time fully quantify or forecast the impact of COVID-19 on our business. The degree to which COVID-19 impacts our business, financial condition, and results of operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain.