The company accelerated investments in digital initiatives to improve productivity, efficiency, and customer service over the long term. Aflac Japan implemented a new virtual sales tool that enables online consultations and policy applications to be completed entirely online. Throughout the pandemic, Aflac Japan has evaluated its operational capabilities and anticipates that the remote configuration could remain for an indefinite period of time without materially impacting operations. Aflac U.S. has worked to adjust its sales approach given the reduction in face-to-face sales, focusing on realizing sales at the worksite through an enrollment call center, video enrollment through co-browsing, and self-enrollment. The company is also leveraging technology-based solutions to drive enrollment and has accelerated investments in digital initiatives designed to improve long-term productivity, efficiency, and customer service. The company’s strategy to drive long-term shareholder value includes pursuing growth through product development, distribution expansion, and digital advancements to enhance the customer experience. Aflac Japan's investments in paperless initiatives and other digital projects are being accelerated to improve operational efficiency. The company has established command centers utilized for any type of crisis, including cybersecurity events, to monitor and communicate developments. The governance framework supporting liquidity, capital, and leverage includes global senior management and board committees that review and approve significant capital-related decisions. The company’s information security policy directs management to establish and operate a global information security program aimed at ensuring that the company's information assets and data are appropriately protected from loss or theft. The global information security program includes a cybersecurity incident response plan designed to provide a management framework for a coordinated assessment and response to potential security incidents. The company’s investment strategy utilizes disciplined asset and liability management while seeking long-term risk-adjusted investment returns and the delivery of stable income within regulatory and capital objectives. The company has committed $400 million to Aflac Ventures, which supports organic growth and business development needs with an emphasis on digital applications designed to improve customer experience and gain efficiencies. The company is continually evaluating adjustments to its hedging activities and investment strategies to mitigate risks associated with foreign currency exposure and interest rate fluctuations. The company has also undertaken various measures to mitigate the sensitivity of Aflac Japan's solvency margin ratio (SMR) and is committed to maintaining strong capital levels throughout the pandemic. The FSA is considering the introduction of an economic value-based solvency regime, which may impact the company’s capital requirements. The company expects that the adoption of new accounting guidance will significantly impact its reported financial position and results of operations, particularly in relation to the requirement to update assumptions for liability for future policy benefits. The company anticipates that the long duration of its third-sector insurance liabilities in Japan will create challenges in applying the market-based discount rate guidance, necessitating significant judgments in designing discount rate methodologies.