We are engaged in providing insurance brokerage and consulting services, and third-party property/casualty claims settlement and administration services to entities in the U.S. and abroad. We believe that one of our major strengths is our ability to deliver comprehensively structured insurance and risk management services to our clients. Our brokers, agents, and administrators act as intermediaries between underwriting enterprises and our clients. We expect to continue to expand our international operations through both acquisitions and organic growth. Our major sources of operating revenues are commissions, fees, and supplemental and contingent revenues from brokerage operations and fees from risk management operations. Throughout 2020, we actively managed costs by limiting discretionary spending and adjusting our real estate footprint, which has resulted in substantial cost savings. The cost-saving impact of these actions in the second, third, and fourth quarters of 2020 was substantial, with estimated quarterly savings of approximately $65 million to $70 million pretax compared to the same quarters in 2019. We have not seen any meaningful decline in cash receipts from our clients to date, and we have more than $1.6 billion of available liquidity. We believe our service levels are unchanged from pre-pandemic levels. On September 26, 2020, we detected a ransomware incident impacting our internal systems and implemented our incident response plan, which included isolating impacted systems and retaining cybersecurity counsel. The incident has been contained, and all critical systems are back in service. We intend to comply with all applicable laws and regulations. We maintain cyber liability insurance coverage, but disputes over the extent of insurance coverage for claims are not uncommon. Fluctuations in premiums charged by property/casualty underwriting enterprises have a direct and potentially material impact on the insurance brokerage industry. We believe that in a positive rate environment with reduced exposure units, our professionals can demonstrate their expertise and high-quality, value-added capabilities by strengthening our clients' insurance portfolios and delivering insurance and risk management solutions within our clients' budget. We have made significant investments in clean energy operations capable of producing refined coal that we believe qualifies for tax credits under IRC section 45. Our current estimate of the 2021 annual net after-tax earnings, including IRC section 45 tax credits, which will be produced from all of our clean energy investments in 2020, is $60.0 million to $75.0 million. We expect total expenditures for capital improvements to be approximately $150.0 million, part of which is related to expenditures on office moves and expansions and updating computer systems and equipment. Our cash flows from operating activities are primarily derived from our earnings from operations, as adjusted for our non-cash expenses, which include depreciation, amortization, and change in estimated acquisition earnout payables. We believe that ebitdac items are indicators of trends in liquidity. We use the credit agreement to post letters of credit and to borrow funds to supplement our operating cash flows from time to time. We believe that we have sufficient capital and access to additional capital to meet our short- and long-term cash flow needs. We have entered into certain contractual obligations and commitments related to our investing and operating activities. Our future minimum cash payments associated with our contractual obligations pursuant to our note purchase agreements and credit agreement, operating leases, and purchase commitments are significant. We are required to recognize an accrued benefit plan liability for our underfunded defined benefit pension and unfunded retiree medical plans. We have a qualified contributory savings and thrift 401(k) plan covering the majority of our domestic employees.