Amgen operates in one business segment: human therapeutics, and our strategy includes integrated activities intended to maintain and strengthen our competitive position in the industry. We focus on six commercial areas and conduct discovery research primarily in three therapeutic areas. Our approach to human capital resource management is directed at attracting, motivating, and retaining talent to tackle the challenges of running an enterprise focused on the discovery, development, and commercialization of innovative medicines. We believe that a diverse and inclusive culture fosters innovation, which supports our ability to serve patients. Our internal efforts include establishing a diversity, inclusion, and belonging council and engaging in activities to improve our focus on these areas. Our long-term success depends to a great extent on our ability to continue to discover, develop, and commercialize innovative products and acquire or collaborate on therapies currently in development by other companies. We devote considerable resources to R&D activities, but successful product development in the biotechnology industry is highly uncertain, and we face increasing regulatory scrutiny of safety and efficacy both before and after products launch. Rising healthcare costs and uncertain economic conditions continue to pose challenges to our business, including increasing pressure by third-party payers to reduce healthcare expenditures. We have been carefully monitoring the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our global operations and have taken appropriate steps to minimize risks to our employees. A significant number of our employees have been working remotely, and our remote working arrangements have not significantly affected our ability to maintain critical business operations. We have seen changes in demand trends for some of our products, including lower demand for certain products as continuing patient access has been affected by COVID-19. Demand has since recovered to varying degrees by product as local conditions improved. Our R&D organization is supporting efforts to combat the COVID-19 pandemic in various ways, including working to support the production of therapeutic antibodies and participating in public-private partnerships to develop coordinated research responses. We believe our existing funds, cash generated from operations, and access to financing are adequate to satisfy our needs for working capital, capital expenditures, and debt service requirements. We anticipate that our liquidity needs can be met through a variety of sources, including cash provided by operating activities and access to other domestic and foreign debt markets. We are also currently under examination by a number of other state and foreign tax jurisdictions, and the final resolution of these complex matters is not likely within the next 12 months. Our operations are subject to the tax laws and regulations of the jurisdictions in which we conduct business, and significant changes in these rules could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. We record accruals for loss contingencies to the extent that we conclude it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the related loss can be reasonably estimated. We evaluate developments in legal proceedings and other matters that could cause an increase or decrease in the amount of the liability that has been accrued previously.