The products and services we provide retail clients and, to a lesser extent, institutional clients, are the primary source of our revenues and net income. Revenues and net income are significantly affected by investment performance and the total value and composition of assets we manage and administer for our retail and institutional clients as well as the distribution fees we receive from other companies. Financial markets and macroeconomic conditions have had and will continue to have a significant impact on our operating and performance results. Accordingly, we expect to continue focusing on our key strategic objectives and obtaining operational and strategic leverage from our core capabilities. The success of these and other strategies may be affected by the factors discussed in item 1a of this annual report on form 10-k - "risk factors" - and other factors as discussed herein. We continue to implement comprehensive strategies to navigate the operating environment spurred by the pandemic. While we have successfully adapted to a virtual work environment and deployed numerous adaptive business strategies so far this year, we believe the pandemic and its accompanying impact on the global financial markets and on our operations and financial results may cause results not to be comparable to previous years. We have begun a thoughtful phased reopening of our office locations while complying with applicable health agencies' guidelines and governmental orders. Our risk management strategy is designed to provide proactive protection during stress events such as the current pandemic. We believe our process is working as intended, and our liquidity and capital resources have remained a source of balance sheet strength during the twelve months ended December 31, 2020. We utilize three primary levers to manage our long-term care (LTC) business. First, we have taken an active approach of steadily increasing rates since 2005, with cumulative rate increases on our LTC blocks. Second, we have a reserving process that reflects the policy features and risk characteristics of our blocks. Lastly, we apply this experience to our in-force policies at a very granular level by issue year, attained age, and benefit features. Our annual review of active life future policy benefit reserve adequacy resulted in unlocking and loss recognition due to a higher unfavorable impact from updates to our interest rates assumptions and lower surrenders on variable annuities with living benefit guarantees. The ability to analyze differences in experience, such as presence of a living benefit rider, existence of surrender charges, and tax qualifications provide us an effective approach in quickly detecting changes in policyholder behavior. We have extensive experience studies and analysis to monitor changes and trends in policyholder behavior. Our technology management practices are designed to enhance our operational efficiency and support our strategic objectives. We believe that our IT capabilities, including our information management capability, are crucial in transforming our firm into a competitive force. The establishment of reserves is an estimation process using a variety of methods, assumptions, and data elements. If actual experience is better than or equal to the results of the estimation process, then reserves should be adequate to provide for future benefits and expenses. If actual experience is worse than the results of the estimation process, additional reserves may be required. Our technology infrastructure supports our strategic resource allocation and operational flexibility, enabling us to respond effectively to market dynamics and consumer demands.