During the fourth quarter of 2020, we updated our reportable segments to better align the names of our reportable segments with the geographical areas of our business operations following the Insite acquisition. We continue to report our results in six segments, which include U.S. & Canada property and Asia-Pacific property. Our primary business is the leasing of space on communications sites to various service providers, which accounted for 99% of our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2020. We also offer tower-related services in the United States, including site application, zoning and permitting, and structural analysis, which primarily support our site leasing business. We believe that our site leasing revenue is likely to increase due to the growing use of wireless services globally and our ability to meet the corresponding incremental demand for our communications real estate. The primary factors affecting the revenue growth of our property segments include new revenue attributable to leasing additional space on our sites and revenue growth from other items, including additional tenant payments primarily to cover costs. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers and other tenants deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks. This rate is influenced by the growth of wireless services, the penetration of advanced wireless devices, and the financial performance of our tenants. We expect that a number of key industry trends will result in incremental revenue opportunities, including the deployment of advanced mobile technology, which will provide higher speed data services and further enable fixed broadband substitution. We anticipate increasing network densification over the next several years, as existing network density is anticipated to be insufficient to account for rapidly increasing levels of wireless data usage. Our extensive international portfolio of communications sites and the relationships we have built with our carrier tenants position us to drive sustainable, long-term growth. We have master lease agreements with many of our tenants that provide for consistent, long-term revenue and reduce the likelihood of non-contractual churn. We expect to continue to evaluate opportunities to acquire communications real estate portfolios, both domestically and internationally, to determine whether they meet our risk-adjusted hurdle rates. Our liquidity depends on our ability to generate cash flow from operating activities, borrow funds under our credit facilities, and maintain compliance with the contractual agreements governing our indebtedness. A significant majority of the revenues generated by our property operations is recurring revenue that we should continue to receive in future periods. Our ability to increase cash flow from operating activities depends upon the demand for our communications sites and our related services and our ability to increase the utilization of our existing communications sites. We believe that consistent carrier network investments across our international markets will, over the long term, position us to generate meaningful organic revenue growth going forward. The ongoing transition from 2G technology to 4G technology in certain markets, along with the emergence and growth of new technologies, could reduce demand for our sites. We continue to actively monitor the situation and may take further actions as may be required by governmental authorities or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees, tenants, and business partners.