The company operates through two reporting segments: interconnect products and assemblies and cable products and solutions, with approximately 71% of sales occurring outside the United States. The primary end markets for the company's products include information technology and communication devices and systems for the converging technologies of voice, video, and data communications. The company competes primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality and performance, price, customer service, and delivery time. The company has focused its global resources to position itself to compete effectively in this environment, believing that its global presence is an important competitive advantage that allows it to provide quality products on a timely basis to its multinational customers. The company's strategy includes providing customers with comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products, and a high level of service while maintaining programs of productivity improvement and cost control. The company focuses its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its customers to develop highly-engineered products that meet customer needs and have the potential for broad market applications. In 2020, net sales to the information technology and data communications market increased, driven primarily by strong sales growth to data center customers and market demand for storage and networking-related products as customers worked to support higher demand for increased bandwidth during the pandemic. The company has invested in modern manufacturing technologies, controlling purchasing processes, and expanding into lower-cost areas to control costs. The company reported a significant increase in operating cash flow, which is a fundamental financial strength, and uses this cash flow to fund capital expenditures and acquisitions. The COVID-19 pandemic has caused disruptions, but the company continues to take actions to mitigate its impact on operations and employee health. The company completed two acquisitions in 2020 and expects to fund future acquisitions through a combination of cash and cash equivalents and borrowings under existing credit facilities. The company believes its ability to generate cash from operations is crucial for meeting its financial obligations and pursuing growth opportunities. The company also recognizes the importance of information management capability, emphasizing the ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access, tailoring these in response to changing business needs. The company’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, and business process understanding to further organizational goals. The company anticipates that its acquisitions will enhance its range of sensor and sensor-based products across various industries, further supporting its strategic objectives.