We are a global technology leader that designs, develops and supplies a broad range of semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions. Our infrastructure software solutions enable customers to plan, develop, automate, manage and secure applications across mainframe, distributed, mobile and cloud platforms. Our strategy is to combine best-of-breed technology leadership in semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions, with unmatched scale, on a common sales and administrative platform to deliver a comprehensive suite of infrastructure technology products to the world's leading business and government customers. The demand for our products has been affected by various factors, including the shift to cloud-based IT solutions and services, such as hyperscale computing, which may adversely affect the timing and volume of sales of our products for use in traditional enterprise data centers. We continue to monitor the implications of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, as well as our customers' and suppliers' businesses. The demand environment for our semiconductor products was consistent with our expectations for our fourth quarter of fiscal year 2020, with continued demand for products and infrastructure to support a dramatic increase around the world in remote or tele-work and learning due to COVID-19. Our overall net revenue, as well as the percentage of total net revenue generated by sales in our semiconductor solutions and infrastructure software segments, has varied from quarter to quarter, due largely to fluctuations in end-market demand. We have established strong relationships with leading OEM customers across multiple target markets. This collaboration has provided us with key insights into our customers' businesses and has enabled us to be more efficient and productive and to better serve our target markets and customers. Our traditional software customers generally consist of large enterprises that have computing environments from multiple vendors and are highly complex. We believe our enterprise-wide license model will continue to offer our customers reduced complexity, more flexibility and an easier renewal process that will help drive revenue growth. Research and development expense consists primarily of personnel costs for our engineers engaged in the design and development of our products and technologies. We seek to achieve this through responsibly financed acquisitions of category-leading businesses and technologies, as well as investing extensively in research and development, to ensure our products retain their technology leadership. We recognize revenue upon delivery of product to the distributors, which can cause our quarterly net revenue to fluctuate significantly. Our products and services can be broadly categorized as sales of products and subscriptions and services. We recognize products revenue from sales to direct customers and distributors when control transfers to the customer. Our ability to fund these requirements will depend, in part, on our future cash flows, which are determined by our future operating performance and, therefore, subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions and financial, business and other factors. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash flows from operations, and the revolving facility will provide sufficient liquidity to operate our business and fund our current and assumed obligations for at least the next 12 months. Our cash flows from net income adjusted for non-cash items and changes in the operating assets and liabilities have increased, reflecting higher cash flows from operations. The increase in gross margin was primarily due to contributions from our Symantec enterprise security solutions, as well as favorable product mix within our semiconductor solutions segment. The increase was primarily due to the acquisition of the Symantec business, partially offset by a decrease in stock-based compensation expense resulting from restructuring actions.