We are a globally integrated payments company with three reportable operating segments: global consumer services group (gcsg), global commercial services (gcs), and global merchant and network services (gmns). Our various products and services are sold globally to diverse customer groups, including consumers, small businesses, mid-sized companies, and large corporations. To support our customers and merchants, we offered financial and other assistance, added product benefits to reflect today's environment, and provided the high level of customer service they expect and rely on. Our progress in managing through the pandemic over the last year confirms the resilience of our differentiated business model, which includes a loyal and diverse customer base, a valued brand, our global merchant network, and our integrated payments platform. GMNS operates a global payments network that processes and settles card transactions, acquires merchants, and provides multi-channel marketing programs and capabilities, services, and data analytics, leveraging our global integrated network. We manage information technology risk through our policies, procedures, governance structure, and control framework to preserve the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of systems and processes across the company. Our information and cyber security program is designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information and information systems from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, disruption, modification, or destruction. We continue to invest in enhancements to cyber security capabilities and engage in industry and government forums to promote advancements to the broader financial services cyber security ecosystem. Our enterprise data governance policy establishes the framework and requirements for defining in-scope critical data and outlining the elements for managing data as a critical corporate asset. This policy is approved by the enterprise risk management committee. We define compliance risk as the risk of legal or reputational harm, fines, monetary penalties, and payment of damages or other forms of sanction as a result of non-compliance with applicable laws and/or regulations, internal policies and procedures, and related practices or ethical standards. Our global compliance and ethics organization is responsible for establishing and maintaining our corporate-wide compliance risk management program. The operational risk management committee coordinates with all control groups on effective risk assessments and controls and oversees the preventive, responsive, and mitigation efforts by operational excellence teams in the business units and staff groups. We define strategic and business risk as the risk related to our inability to achieve our business objectives due to poor strategic decisions, including decisions related to mergers, acquisitions, and divestitures, poor implementation of strategic decisions, or declining demand for our products and services. We seek to manage strategic and business risks through risk controls embedded in these processes as well as overall risk management oversight over business goals. We believe capital allocated to growing businesses with a return on risk-adjusted equity in excess of our costs will generate shareholder value. Our objective is to retain sufficient levels of capital generated through net income and other sources to maintain a strong balance sheet, provide flexibility to support future business growth, and distribute excess capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We are closely monitoring the changing macroeconomic environment and actively managing our balance sheet to reflect evolving circumstances.