Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital. We focus on producing the products and providing the services that the market demands, and continue to find new ways to improve efficiency and quality to provide a fair return for our shareholders. The operational excellence pillar is focused on improving performance, enhancing quality and reducing rework. For example, our information technology teams are evaluating opportunities to form or expand strategic partnerships with vendors that allow us to simplify and optimize our operations, and reduce overall costs. We continue to make progress across all five key pillars as we utilize a lower production rate environment to transform and improve our business processes. The demand outlook for our government services business remains stable, and we expect U.S. growth to remain flat while non-U.S. fleets add rotorcraft and commercial derivative aircraft at the fastest rates. The commercial airplane market and the airline industry both remain extremely competitive, and we are focused on improving our products and services and continuing our business transformation efforts, which enhances our ability to compete and positions us for market recovery. The aerospace markets we serve include parts distribution, logistics, and other inventory services; maintenance, engineering, and upgrades; training and professional services; and information services. Airlines are using data analytics to plan flight operations and predictive maintenance to improve their productivity and efficiency. The impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and the 737 MAX grounding are having a significant negative impact on our liquidity and ongoing operations and creating significant uncertainty. We have and are continuing to take significant actions to manage and preserve our liquidity. We expect the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic to continue to significantly impact revenues in future quarters until the commercial airline industry recovers. The current environment is also affecting the financial viability of some airlines. We are focused on safely returning the 737 MAX to service for all of our customers. Our BDS strategy is to leverage our core businesses to capture key next-generation programs while expanding our presence in adjacent and international markets, underscored by an intense focus on growth and productivity. We face aggressive international competitors who are intent on increasing their market share. They offer competitive products and have access to most of the same customers and suppliers. The grounding of the 737 MAX and the associated suspension of deliveries significantly reduced our market share with respect to deliveries of single aisle aircraft in 2019 and 2020 and may provide competitors with an opportunity to obtain more orders and increase market share. The long-term outlook for the industry remains positive due to the fundamental drivers of air travel demand: economic growth, increasing propensity to travel due to increased trade, globalization, and improved airline services driven by liberalization of air traffic rights between countries. Our information technology capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. We expect that successful execution of these measures will improve near-term liquidity and long-term cost competitiveness.