BlackRock leverages its world-class risk management, analytics, and technology capabilities, including the Aladdin platform, on behalf of clients. The company continues to invest in technology services offerings, which enhance the ability to manage portfolios and risk, effectively serve clients and operate efficiently. Anticipated industry consolidation and regulatory requirements should continue to drive demand for holistic and flexible technology solutions. BlackRock's diversified platform enables it to generate more stable cash flows through market cycles, positioning BlackRock to invest for the long term by striking an appropriate balance between investing for future growth and prudent discretionary expense management. The company has been deepening the integration of sustainability into technology, risk management, and product choice, and plans to accelerate those efforts. BlackRock's retail strategy is focused on creating outcome-oriented client solutions, which includes enhanced distribution and portfolio construction technology offerings. Digital wealth tools are an important component of this strategy, as BlackRock scales and customizes model portfolios, extends Aladdin Wealth and digital wealth partnerships globally, and helps advisors build better portfolios through portfolio construction and risk management. The company manages $4.4 trillion of equity assets across markets globally and is positioned to provide alpha-seeking active, index, and cash management investment strategies across asset classes and geographies. BlackRock's investment management revenue is primarily comprised of fees earned as a percentage of assets under management (AUM) and, in some cases, performance fees, which are normally expressed as a percentage of fund returns to the client. The company derives a substantial portion of its revenue from investment advisory and administration fees, which are recognized as the services are performed over time because the customer is receiving and consuming the benefits as they are provided by the company. Fees are primarily based on agreed-upon percentages of AUM and recognized for services provided during the period, which are distinct from services provided in other periods. BlackRock's highly diversified multi-product platform was created to meet client needs in all market environments, and the company is focused on developing new products and optimizing distribution capabilities. The financial impact related to the charitable contribution and the noncash net tax expense associated with the revaluation of certain deferred income tax assets and liabilities has been excluded from as adjusted results. The company has implemented a number of steps to prepare for the outcome of the United Kingdom's exit from the European Union, which include effecting organizational, governance, and operational changes, applying for and receiving additional licenses and permissions in the EU, and engaging in client communications. BlackRock's framework for long-term value creation is predicated on generating differentiated organic growth, leveraging scale to increase operating margins over time, and returning capital to shareholders on a consistent basis. The company’s operational, technological, and regulatory risks associated with major technology partnerships are also significant considerations in its strategic management practices.