Through our subsidiaries, we engage in a number of diverse business activities. We manage our operating businesses on an unusually decentralized basis. Our senior corporate management team participates in and is ultimately responsible for significant capital allocation decisions, investment activities, and the selection of the chief executive to head each of the operating businesses. In response to the effects of the pandemic, our businesses implemented various business continuity plans to protect our employees and customers. Such plans include a variety of actions, such as temporarily closing certain retail stores, manufacturing facilities, and service centers of businesses that were not subject to government mandated closure. Our businesses also implemented practices to protect employees while at work, including work-from-home, staggered or reduced work schedules, increased cleaning and sanitation of workspaces, and providing general health reminders intended to lower the risk of spreading COVID-19. We also took actions in response to the economic losses from reductions in consumer demand for products and services we offer and our temporary inability to produce goods and provide services at certain of our businesses. These actions included employee furloughs, wage and salary reductions, capital spending reductions, and other actions intended to help mitigate the economic losses and preserve capital and liquidity. Certain of our businesses undertook and may continue to undertake restructuring activities to resize their operations to better fit expected customer demand. The effects of the pandemic in the future may be further affected by judicial rulings and regulatory and legislative actions pertaining to insurance coverage and claims and by its effects on general economic activity, which we cannot reasonably estimate at this time. We provide primary insurance and reinsurance products covering property and casualty risks, as well as life and health risks. Our insurance and reinsurance businesses are Geico, Berkshire Hathaway Primary Group, and Berkshire Hathaway Reinsurance Group. We evaluate performance of underwriting operations without any allocation of investment income or investment gains/losses. We consider investment income as an integral component of our aggregate insurance operating results. However, we consider investment gains and losses, whether realized or unrealized, as non-operating, based on our long-held strategy of acquiring securities and holding those securities for long periods. We believe that such gains and losses are not meaningful in understanding the operating results of our insurance businesses. The timing and amount of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results, particularly with respect to our reinsurance businesses. Generally, we consider pre-tax losses in excess of $100 million from a current year catastrophic event to be significant. Changes in estimates for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses can also significantly affect our periodic underwriting results. Our periodic underwriting results may also include significant foreign currency transaction gains and losses arising from the changes in the valuation of non-U.S. dollar denominated liabilities of our U.S.-based insurance subsidiaries due to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. We strive to generate underwriting profits. However, time-value-of-money concepts are important elements in establishing prices for retroactive reinsurance and periodic payment annuity businesses due to the expected long durations of the liabilities. We expect to incur pre-tax underwriting losses from such businesses, primarily through deferred charge amortization and discount accretion charges. We receive premiums at the inception of these contracts, which are then available for investment.