Citi's expenses reflected continued investments in its transformation, including infrastructure supporting its risk and control environment. As part of its compliance actions, Citi has centralized its program management under the leadership of a chief administrative officer organization and is making the strengthening of its risk and control environment a further strategic priority for the company. The consent orders require that Citigroup and Citibank submit acceptable plans to the Federal Reserve Board and the OCC, relating principally to various aspects of risk management, compliance, data quality management, governance, and internal controls. Citi's organizational response to the pandemic has been governed by Citi's executive management team, consisting of the Citigroup CEO and certain direct reports of the CEO, and driven through regional task forces that were deployed in Asia, EMEA, North America, and Latin America. These groups focused on managing the pandemic responses, implementation of continuity of business plans, locational and staffing strategies, and responses to customer and client needs. Citi's dedicated continuity of business and crisis management groups are managing Citi's protocols in response to the pandemic, which include the ability of staff and third parties to support critical processing from remote work locations, deployment of new hardware to support technology needs, and ongoing monitoring to assess controls and service levels. The increase in the ACL build was driven by builds during the first half of 2020, reflecting the impact of a deterioration in Citi's macroeconomic outlook under the CECL standard, including an increase in the qualitative management adjustment to reflect the potential for a higher level of stress and a slower economic recovery. Citi's strategy is to leverage its global footprint and digital capabilities to develop multi-product relationships with customers, both in and out of Citi's branch footprint. To achieve this, Citi strives to optimize its clients' experiences across lending, payments, and wealth management through continued digitization, new partnerships, and innovation. The increase in net credit losses was largely driven by write-offs across various sectors, primarily reflecting energy and energy-related exposures. The reserve build also included an increase in the qualitative management adjustment to reflect the potential for a higher level of stress and a slower economic recovery. As of December 31, 2020, reserves held on Citi's balance sheet represented 1.4% of funded loans, compared to 0.7% as of December 31, 2019. The builds reflected the impact of a deterioration in Citi's macroeconomic outlook under the CECL standard, driven by the impact of the pandemic across multiple sectors. Citi's management of the markets businesses involves daily monitoring and evaluation of market liquidity, changes in market variables, investor confidence, and other macroeconomic conditions. The firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, and management skills to further organizational goals. The increase in the ACL build was driven by builds during the first half of 2020, reflecting the impact of a deterioration in Citi's macroeconomic outlook under the CECL standard, including an increase in the qualitative management adjustment to reflect the potential for a higher level of stress and a slower economic recovery.