In order for our results to be more meaningful to our readers, we have separately quantified the impact of several significant items. We continue to implement safeguards in our facilities to protect team members, including increased frequency of cleaning and disinfecting, social distancing practices and other measures consistent with specific governmental requirements and guidance from health authorities. We have continued to take actions to reduce costs and prioritize our spending to provide for investment in services and expanded offerings, key elements of our strategy for profitable growth, which was introduced in 2017. Our business strategy includes digital investments for new customer and dealer solutions that integrate data analytics with state-of-the-art digital technologies while transforming the buying experience. The product portfolio includes technology products and services to provide customers fleet management, equipment management analytics and autonomous machine capabilities. We expect that prior restructuring actions will result in an incremental benefit to operating costs, primarily costs of goods sold and SG&A expenses. We intend to utilize our liquidity and debt capacity to fund targeted investments that drive long-term profitable growth focused in the areas of expanded offerings and services, including acquisitions. The actions we have taken to reduce costs and prioritize spending are essential for maintaining operational efficiency and supporting our strategic resource allocation. We expect to incur about $400 million of restructuring costs in 2021. We expect that our results will reflect the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. Our management utilizes charts internally to visually communicate with the company's board of directors and employees regarding consolidated sales and revenues. The decrease in sales volume was driven by lower end-user demand for equipment and services and the impact from changes in dealer inventories across the three primary segments. Our financial products segment provides financing alternatives to customers and dealers around the world for Caterpillar products, which supports the purchase and lease of our equipment. The financial products segment also earns revenues from machinery, energy & transportation, but the related costs are not allocated to operating segments. We have a match-funding policy that addresses interest rate risk by aligning the interest rate profile of our debt portfolio with the interest rate profile of our finance receivable portfolio. We maintain a strong cash and liquidity position, which is critical for funding operational requirements and commitments. Our top priority is to maintain a strong financial position in support of a mid-A rating. We track a diverse group of financial metrics that focus on liquidity, leverage, cash flow and margins which align with our cash deployment actions and the various methodologies used by the major credit rating agencies. The demand for our equipment and related parts is highly cyclical and significantly impacted by commodity prices, although the impact may vary by reporting unit. We believe that the relevant transactions complied with applicable tax laws and did not violate judicial doctrines. We have incorporated many years of data into the determination of estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts, including warranty liability and postretirement benefits. The preparation of financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts, and we have not historically experienced significant adjustments.