We have invested significantly in our self-service infrastructure, and customers have accelerated the adoption of our digital self-service capabilities and self-installation program with nearly 80% of installations using the program. Our ability to successfully operate our business and deliver services during the COVID-19 pandemic is a result of investments we have made in our network, our employees, and our systems. Through accelerated network capacity increases, we have been able to respond to the significant increase in data demands on our network to enable social distancing through telecommuting and e-learning with usage by our internet-only customers averaging over 600 gigabytes per month, up nearly 20% from the end of 2019. Requests from government, healthcare, and educational institutions for new fiber connections, bandwidth upgrades, and new services were prioritized. Our operating and investment strategy has allowed us to sustain and accelerate our customer and financial growth during the pandemic. We remain focused on driving customer relationship growth by deploying superior products and services packaged with attractive pricing. We expect to continue to drive customer relationship growth through sales of bundled services and improving customer retention despite the expectation for continued losses of video and wireline voice customers. In 2020, we launched 5G service offerings and refreshed our device offerings with new 5G models which we expect will contribute to continued growth of our mobile business. Our Spectrum Mobile service is offered to customers subscribing to our internet service and runs on Verizon's mobile network combined with Spectrum WiFi. We also continue to explore ways to drive even more mobile traffic to our network. In October 2020, we purchased approximately $464 million of CBRS PALS and intend to use the licenses along with unlicensed CBRS spectrum to build our own 5G mobile network which we plan to use in combination with our MVNO and WiFi network to enhance the customer's experience and improve our cost structure. We believe Spectrum-branded mobile services will drive higher sales of our core products, create longer customer lives, and increase profitability and cash flow over time. Our capital expenditures were $7.4 billion and $7.2 billion for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2019, respectively. The increase was primarily due to higher line extensions driven by continued network expansion, including to rural areas, higher support capital as a result of facility improvements and investments in back office systems and mobile store build-outs. We continue to evaluate the deployment of our cash on hand and anticipated future free cash flow including to invest in our business growth and other strategic opportunities, including mergers and acquisitions as well as stock repurchases and dividends. Our target leverage of net debt to the last twelve months adjusted EBITDA remains at 4 to 4.5 times adjusted EBITDA, and up to 3.5 times adjusted EBITDA at the consolidated first lien level. As adjusted EBITDA grows, we expect to increase the total amount of our indebtedness to maintain leverage within Charter's target leverage range. We have used the proceeds from such borrowings for general corporate purposes and to buy back shares of Charter Class A common stock and Charter Holdings common units.