We are focused on innovating our core businesses; improving our brand building activities with an elevated brand purpose model and the use of equity advertising; innovating to gain market share in high growth segments and adjacencies; expanding into new channels and markets; maximizing growth online; and investing to drive consumption in growing populations. We continue to develop initiatives to build strong relationships with consumers, dental, veterinary and skin health professionals and traditional and ecommerce retailers. In addition, we continue to invest behind our brands, not just in terms of advertising, but also to build key growth capabilities in areas such as innovation and data and analytics. We also continue to broaden our ecommerce offerings, including direct-to-consumer and subscription services. The investments needed to drive growth are supported by strong cash flow performance and our disciplined capital allocation strategy. These investments are developed through continuous, company-wide initiatives to lower costs and increase effective asset utilization. Through these initiatives, which are referred to as our funding-the-growth initiatives, we seek to become even more effective and efficient throughout our businesses. These initiatives are designed to reduce costs associated with direct materials, indirect expenses, distribution and logistics and advertising and promotional materials, among other things, and encompass a wide range of projects, examples of which include raw material substitution, reduction of packaging materials, consolidating suppliers to leverage volumes and increasing manufacturing efficiency through SKU reductions and formulation simplification. We continue to prioritize our investments in high growth segments within our oral care, personal care and pet nutrition businesses, including by expanding our portfolio in premium skin health. The ongoing economic impact and health concerns associated with COVID-19 could result in unforeseen additional disruption to our business, including our global supply chain and retailer network, and/or require us to incur additional operational costs. We continue to closely monitor the impact of COVID-19 on our business. While we have taken, and will continue to take, measures to mitigate the effects of COVID-19, we cannot estimate with certainty the full extent of COVID-19's impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows and/or financial condition. Our strategy is based on driving organic sales growth through innovation within our core businesses, leveraging faster growth in adjacent categories and expanding in high growth channels and markets; delivering margin expansion through operating leverage and efficiency; and maximizing the impact of our environmental, social and governance programs; and leading in the development of human capital, including our sustainability and social impact and diversity, equity and inclusion strategies. Our commitment to these priorities, the strength of our brands, the breadth of our global footprint and a commitment to driving efficiency in cash generation should position us well to manage through COVID-19 and increase shareholder value over time. The retail landscape in many of our markets continues to evolve as a result of the rapid growth of ecommerce retailers, changing consumer preferences and the increased presence of alternative retail channels, such as subscription services and direct-to-consumer businesses. These trends have been magnified due to COVID-19 in many of our geographies and we plan to continue to invest behind our ecommerce capabilities. This rapid growth in ecommerce and the emergence of alternative retail channels have created and may continue to create pricing pressures and/or adversely affect our relationships with our key retailers.