We continue to invest in improving our digital platforms and have significantly upgraded our capabilities by digitizing almost all of our digital-make lines, expanding our partnerships with multiple third-party delivery services and building more chipotlanes, which is our drive-through format for digital order pickups. Digital sales, which includes delivery and customer pick-up, increased 174.1% year over year and accounted for 46.2% of 2020 sales, compared to 10.9% of 2019 sales. The shift to digital sales accelerated in March 2020 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. General and administrative expenses increased in dollar terms in 2020, primarily due to a $20.1 million increase in outside service expense related to company initiatives to support digital and restaurant growth. Depreciation and amortization increased as a percentage of total revenue in 2020 due to accelerated depreciation associated with our website, mobile app and other technology, new restaurant openings and equipment upgrades in the restaurants primarily to support the growth in our digital business. We expect to utilize cash flow from operations to continue investments in new restaurant construction, remodels primarily for restaurants that do not have a digital make line or chipotlane and technology. Additionally, we expect approximately $120 million in capital expenditures related to investments in existing restaurants, including updated equipment, technology, remodeling and similar improvements. Our total capital expenditures for 2020 were $373.4 million. We expect approximately $220 million in capital expenditures related to the construction of new restaurants, before any reductions for landlord reimbursements. We are adapting our restaurant operations to the changing environment and are reducing non-essential controllable costs. We halted all non-essential travel and expenses. As part of our cash preservation strategy, in March 2020 we temporarily suspended our stock buyback program. We believe that cash from operations, together with our cash and investment balances, will be sufficient to meet ongoing capital expenditures, working capital requirements and other cash needs for the foreseeable future. Our assistance pay program ended on June 7, 2020, while the expansion of emergency leave benefits remains in place as of December 31, 2020. The increase in labor costs was primarily due to COVID-19 related labor costs, which included assistance pay for restaurant employees and expansion of our emergency leave benefits to accommodate those directly affected by COVID-19. The increase was partially offset by the benefits of menu price increases taken in the second half of 2020 and improved labor efficiency realized from digital enhancements to the restaurants. We are committed to making good food more accessible to everyone while continuing to be a brand with a demonstrated purpose. We remain in regular contact with our major suppliers and while to date we have not experienced significant disruptions in our supply chain, we could see future disruptions should the impacts of COVID-19 extend for a considerable amount of time. We continue to follow guidance from health officials in determining the appropriate restrictions to put in place for each restaurant. We have taken a number of steps to enhance our robust food safety protocols including the creation of the steward role which is focused on sanitization in high-touch and high-traffic areas, providing masks for all employees, and having a tamper evident packaging seal for all digital orders. The increase in operating costs was driven primarily by COVID-19 related impacts including increased delivery expenses, assistance and exclusion pay, elevated beef prices, increased incidence of steak, and fewer sales of high margin beverages. The increase was partially offset by benefits from menu price increases, lower avocado pricing and improved labor efficiency realized from digital enhancements to the restaurants.