As part of our growth strategy, we invest in businesses in certain countries that carry high levels of risks such as China, Brazil, India, Mexico, Russia, and countries in the Middle East and Africa. Our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction, and general industrial markets. Demand in these markets tends to fluctuate in response to overall economic conditions. Our operations are also affected by currency, political, economic, public health crises, epidemics or pandemics, and regulatory matters, including the adoption and enforcement of environmental and emission standards in the countries we serve. We continue to serve all our markets as they adopt electrification and alternative power technologies, meeting the needs of our OEM partners and end customers. Research activities continue to focus on the development of new products to meet future emission standards around the world, improvements in fuel economy performance of diesel and natural gas-powered engines and related components, as well as development activities around fully electric, hybrid, and hydrogen powertrain solutions. Our reportable operating segments consist of engine, distribution, components, power systems, and new power segments, organized according to the products and markets each segment serves. We believe EBITDA is a useful measure of our operating performance as it assists investors and debt holders in comparing our performance on a consistent basis without regard to financing methods, capital structure, income taxes, or depreciation and amortization methods, which can vary significantly depending upon many factors. The new power segment is currently in the development phase with a primary focus on research and development activities for our power systems, components, and subsystems. Our board of directors continues to monitor and evaluate all factors along with the continuing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and operations. We assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate adequate cash to fund our operating, investing, and financing activities. We believe our existing cash and marketable securities, operating cash flow, and revolving credit facilities provide us with the financial flexibility needed to fund working capital, common stock repurchases, acquisitions, targeted capital expenditures, dividend payments, projected pension obligations, and debt service obligations through 2021 and beyond. We manage our worldwide cash requirements considering available funds among the many subsidiaries through which we conduct our business and the cost-effectiveness with which those funds can be accessed. We have access to committed credit facilities that total $3.5 billion, including a new $1.5 billion 364-day facility that expires August 18, 2021, and our $2.0 billion five-year facility that expires on August 22, 2023. Our financial condition and liquidity remain strong despite the global recession and volatility in the capital markets due to the pandemic. Our solid balance sheet and credit ratings enable us to have ready access to credit and the capital markets. We continue to generate significant cash from operations and maintain access to our expanded revolving credit facilities and commercial paper programs. Our strategy with respect to our investments in pension plan assets is to be invested with a long-term outlook. We believe continuing our investment return assumption of 6.25 percent per year in 2021 for U.S. pension assets is reasonable. The methodology used to determine the rate of return on pension plan assets in the U.K. was based on establishing an equity-risk premium over current long-term bond yields adjusted based on target asset allocations.