Management monitors a variety of key indicators to evaluate our business results and financial condition, focusing on changes from year to year in certain key measures used by management to evaluate performance, such as profitability, growth, and credit quality metrics. Higher operating expenses were driven by an increase in salaries and associate benefits due to continued investment in technology. Our provision for credit losses increased by $4.0 billion to $10.3 billion in 2020 compared to 2019, primarily driven by allowance builds in the first and second quarters of 2020 due to expectations of economic worsening as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The allowance for credit losses increased by $8.4 billion to $15.6 billion, and our allowance coverage ratio increased by 348 basis points to 6.19% as of December 31, 2020 from December 31, 2019, driven by the allowance builds in the first and second quarters of 2020 from expectations of economic worsening as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic as well as the adoption of the CECL standard in the first quarter of 2020. Our liquidity reserves increased by $53.4 billion to $144.0 billion as of December 31, 2020, primarily driven by increases in our cash balances from deposit growth and in our investment securities. We maintain a governance framework intended to ensure that our estimate of the allowance for credit losses is appropriate, which provides for oversight of methods, models, qualitative adjustments, process controls, and results. Our risk management framework sets consistent expectations for risk management across the company and establishes expectations for our "three lines of defense" model, which defines the roles, responsibilities, and accountabilities for taking and managing risk across the company. The strategic planning process considers relevant changes to the company's overall risk profile, and our board of directors approves a risk appetite statement that governs risk-taking at the company. We recognize the criticality of managing operational risk on both a strategic and day-to-day basis, and we have implemented appropriate operational risk management policies, standards, processes, and controls to enable the delivery of high-quality and consistent customer experiences. Our technology management practices include the establishment of a risk data and enabling technology system that supports the analysis, aggregation, and reporting capabilities across risk categories. We also engage in certain non-lending activities that may give rise to ongoing credit and counterparty settlement risk, including purchasing securities for our investment securities portfolio and entering into derivative transactions to manage our market risk exposure. Our credit policies establish standards in customer selection, underwriting, monitoring, remediation, and portfolio management, supported by detailed policies and procedures for each component of the credit process. We continuously adjust our management of credit lines and collection strategies based on customer behavior and risk profile changes. Our business segment results reflect the manner in which management evaluates performance and makes decisions about funding our operations and allocating resources, and we regularly assess the assumptions, methodologies, and reporting classifications used for segment reporting.