Significant capital expenditures in fiscal 2020 included investments in various technology initiatives, including costs related to enhancing and upgrading our primary information technology operating systems. Significant capital expenditures in fiscal 2019 included costs associated with technology initiatives, including costs related to enhancing and upgrading our information technology systems. We currently expect to spend approximately $400 million for capital expenditures during fiscal 2021, with larger capital expenditures including investments related to various technology initiatives. Our operating results have generated cash flows, which, together with availability under our debt agreements and credit terms from suppliers, have provided sufficient capital resources to finance working capital and cash operating requirements, and to fund capital expenditures, acquisitions, repayment of debt, the payment of interest on outstanding debt, dividends, and purchases of shares of our common stock. We continue to evaluate and plan for the potential effects of a prolonged disruption and the related impacts on our revenue, results of operations, and cash flows. The pharmaceutical distribution services segment grew its revenue by 5.6%, primarily due to the organic growth of some of its largest customers, continued strong increased specialty pharmaceutical product sales, and overall market growth principally driven by unit volume growth. Our effective tax rates were impacted by the legal accrual related to opioid litigation, which has not and is not expected to have an impact on our compliance with our debt covenants or our ability to pay dividends. We recognized gains from antitrust litigation settlements with pharmaceutical manufacturers during the fiscal years ended September 30. The gains were recorded as reductions to cost of goods sold. We utilize days sales outstanding, days inventory on hand, and days payable outstanding to evaluate our working capital performance. Our cash flows from operating activities can vary significantly from period to period based upon fluctuations in our period end working capital. The increase in accounts payable was primarily driven by the timing of scheduled payments to suppliers. Non-cash items were comprised primarily of a deferred income tax benefit primarily related to a legal accrual in connection with opioid lawsuits and Swiss tax reform. The increase in accounts receivable was the result of our revenue growth and the timing of payments from our customers. The increase in inventories was due to an increase in business volume. We have market risk exposure to interest rate fluctuations relating to our debt. We manage interest rate risk by using a combination of fixed-rate and variable-rate debt. We have minimal exposure to foreign currency and exchange rate risk from our non-U.S. operations. We may use derivative instruments to hedge our foreign currency exposure. We have recorded a liability when it is both probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount can be reasonably estimated. We perform an assessment of the materiality of loss contingencies where a loss is either not probable or it is reasonably possible that a loss could be incurred in excess of amounts accrued. We recorded a $6.6 billion legal accrual in connection with opioid lawsuits, which is expected to be paid over 18 years. Our future revenue growth will continue to be affected by various factors, including industry growth trends, the introduction of new, innovative brand therapies, and the impact of business combinations.