Our investments in merchandise pricing may include reducing prices on merchandise to drive sales or meet competition and holding prices steady despite cost increases instead of passing the increases on to our members, all negatively impacting gross margin as a percentage of net sales. The extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base, increase the penetration of our executive members, and sustain high renewal rates materially influences our profitability. Our financial performance depends heavily on controlling costs. While we believe that we have achieved successes in this area, some significant costs are partially outside our control, particularly health care and utility expenses. Our operating model is generally the same across our U.S., Canada, and other international operating segments. The impact of changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, which are references to the differences between the foreign-exchange rates we use to convert the financial results of our international operations from local currencies into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes, is calculated based on the difference between the current period's currency exchange rates and that of the comparable prior period. Our e-commerce business growth, domestically and internationally, has also increased our sales but it generally has a lower gross margin percentage relative to our warehouse business. Our philosophy is to provide our members with quality goods and services at competitive prices. We do not focus in the short-term on maximizing prices charged, but instead seek to maintain what we believe is a perception among our members of our "pricing authority" on quality goods - consistently providing the most competitive values. Our membership format is an integral part of our business and has a significant effect on our profitability. The negative aspects of such growth, however, including lower initial operating profitability relative to existing warehouses and cannibalization of sales at existing warehouses when openings occur in existing markets, are continuing to decline in significance as they relate to the results of our total operations. We believe that we have been successful historically in adapting our business to these changes, such as through adjustments to our pricing and merchandise mix, including increasing the penetration of our private-label items and through online offerings. Our e-commerce business has also benefited, as more members have shopped online during the pandemic. This growth in certain of our core business categories has led to improved gross margin and SG&A percentages as we leveraged these sales to achieve greater efficiency. Our financial performance is influenced by our competition, which is vigorous and widespread, across a wide range of global, national and regional wholesalers and retailers, including those with e-commerce operations. We believe that our gasoline business draws members, but it generally has a lower gross margin percentage relative to our non-gasoline business. We also achieve net sales growth by opening new warehouses. As our warehouse base grows, available and desirable sites become more difficult to secure, and square footage growth becomes a comparatively less substantial component of growth. Our investments in technology systems are essential for supporting operational efficiency and enhancing our capability to respond to market dynamics. Our financial performance depends heavily on controlling costs, and we have experienced delays in real estate and construction activities due to COVID-19. We believe that our cash position and operating cash flows will be sufficient to meet our liquidity and capital requirements for the foreseeable future. Our primary requirement for capital is acquiring land, buildings, and equipment for new and remodeled warehouses. Capital is also required for information systems, manufacturing and distribution facilities, initial warehouse operations, and working capital.