We provide vehicle sellers with a full range of services to process and sell vehicles primarily over the internet through our virtual bidding third generation internet auction-style sales technology, which we refer to as vb3. We offer vehicle sellers a full range of services that help expedite each stage of the vehicle sales process, minimize administrative and processing costs, and maximize the ultimate sales price through the online auction process. We monitor and analyze a number of key financial performance indicators in order to manage our business and evaluate our financial and operating performance. Our revenue is impacted by several factors, including total loss frequency and the average vehicle auction selling price, as a significant amount of our service revenue is associated in some manner with the ultimate selling price of the vehicle. The increase in service revenues for fiscal 2020 of $191.4 million, or 10.9% as compared to fiscal 2019 came from an increase in the U.S. of $177.3 million and an increase in international of $14.2 million. The increase in volume in the U.S. was derived from growth in the number of units sold from new and expanded contracts with insurance companies and growth from existing suppliers, driven by what we believe was an increase in total loss frequency. We continue to develop, expand, and invest in new and existing facilities and standardize the appearance of existing locations. Our capital expenditures are primarily related to lease buyouts of certain facilities, acquiring land, opening and improving facilities, capitalized software development costs for new software for internal use and major software enhancements, and acquiring yard equipment. We capitalize system development costs and website development costs related to our enterprise computing services during the application development stage. We believe that these acquisitions and openings will strengthen our coverage, as we have facilities located in the U.S., Canada, the U.K., Brazil, the Republic of Ireland, Germany, Finland, the U.A.E., Oman, Bahrain, and Spain with the intention of providing global coverage for our sellers. We expect to acquire or develop additional locations and expand some of our current facilities in the foreseeable future. We may be required to raise additional cash through drawdowns on our revolving loan facility or issuance of additional equity to fund this expansion. Our primary source of cash generated by operations is from the collection of service fees and reimbursable advances from the proceeds of vehicle sales. We expect to continue to use cash flows from operations to finance our working capital needs and to develop and grow our business. We have been required to make adjustments in our business processes that may reduce efficiency or increase operating expenses, particularly if the pandemic continues over a long period of time. We adjusted, but did not make material modifications to, our operating expenses to be able to continue providing employment for our employees, service to our sellers, and process incoming vehicles for sale in future quarters. The factors that can influence repair costs, used car pricing, and auction returns are many and varied and we cannot predict their movements. We believe that our currently available cash and cash equivalents and cash generated from operations will be sufficient to satisfy our operating and working capital requirements for at least the next 12 months. We continue to develop, expand, and invest in new and existing facilities and standardize the appearance of existing locations. We believe that we contribute to economic development and well-being by enabling more affordable access to mobility around the world.