The covid-19 pandemic has continued to have a widespread and unprecedented impact on a global scale, affecting our business operations and financial results. We remain committed to disciplined expense management and will continue to make investments for profitable long-term growth, including increased marketing as well as investments in core technology capabilities and efficiency improvements. Our operations continue largely unaffected due to the successful implementation of certain of our business continuity plans, although the shift to work-from-home has caused us to grow increasingly dependent on third-party service providers. The pandemic has adversely impacted our financial results, with a decrease in sales volume and credit card loan growth, as well as an increase in our estimate of life of loan expected credit losses. We have tightened standards for new accounts and for growing existing accounts across all products, while also providing support to our customers impacted by covid-19 across all of our loan products. Our estimate of expected loss reflected in our allowance for credit losses includes the risk associated with all loans and considers the effects of all loan modifications, including tdrs and loan modifications exempt from tdr status under the cares act. The allowance for credit losses increased significantly, reflecting our view of the economic impact on our customers, and we utilized a macroeconomic forecast that projected a peak unemployment rate of 8.7%. The overall economic environment directly impacts both the reasonable and supportable forecast and reversion periods, as well as the macroeconomic variables used in the loss forecast models. We have also completed numerous stress tests to assess the impact of a severe economic downturn on our capital and liquidity, maintaining ample amounts of both to ensure we remain well-capitalized and funded. Our primary funding sources include direct-to-consumer and brokered deposits, public term asset-backed securitizations, and other short- and long-term borrowings. We seek to maintain stable, diversified, and cost-effective funding sources and a strong liquidity profile to fund our business and repay or refinance our maturing obligations under both normal operating conditions and periods of economic or financial stress. The federal reserve's actions to support the economy during the pandemic have included regulatory relief and flexibility to financial institutions, which have allowed us to manage our capital and liquidity effectively. We are subject to regulatory capital requirements that became effective January 2015 under final rules issued by the federal reserve and the fdic, which require us to maintain minimum risk-based capital and leverage ratios. The basel iii rules require us to maintain minimum levels of capital and define what constitutes capital for purposes of calculating those ratios. The impact of these legislative and regulatory initiatives on our business will depend upon a wide variety of factors, some of which are yet to be identified. We continue to evaluate the impact of these developments on our business strategies and operational capabilities, ensuring that we maintain a robust information technology infrastructure to support our operations and customer relationships.