We implemented operational protocols to comply with social distancing and other health and safety standards as required by federal, state and local government agencies, taking into consideration guidelines of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and other public health authorities. We believe our strong balance sheet and liquidity position provide us with the flexibility to operate effectively through changing economic conditions. Our operating strategy focuses on enhancing long-term value to our shareholders by leveraging our financial and competitive position in our core homebuilding business to increase the returns on our inventory investments and generate strong profitability and cash flows, while managing risk and maintaining financial flexibility to navigate changing economic conditions and make opportunistic strategic investments. We have made operational adjustments as a result of C-19; however, our strategy remains consistent and includes the following initiatives: improving the efficiency of our land development, construction, sales and other key operational activities. The volume of loans originated by our mortgage operations is directly related to the number of homes closed by our homebuilding operations. The increase in this percentage was primarily due to the company's program to offer below market interest rates to D.R. Horton homebuyers, expanded coverage in certain markets and increased efficiencies resulting from technology advances. We continually evaluate our land and lot supply, and fluctuations in revenues and profitability from land sales occur based on how we manage our inventory levels in various markets. We manage our inventory of owned land and lots and homes under construction relative to demand in each of our markets, including starting construction on unsold homes to capture new home demand and actively controlling the number of unsold, completed homes in inventory. Our homebuilding segment's land and lot position and homes in inventory at September 30, 2020 and 2019 are summarized as follows: the total remaining purchase price of lots controlled through land and lot purchase contracts at September 30, 2020 and 2019 was $9.9 billion and $7.2 billion, respectively. We expect to fund our contractual obligations in the ordinary course of business through a combination of our existing cash resources, cash flows generated from profits, our credit facilities or other bank financing, and the issuance of new debt or equity securities through the public capital markets as market conditions may permit. Our mortgage subsidiary, DHI Mortgage, has a mortgage repurchase facility that provides financing and liquidity to DHI Mortgage by facilitating purchase transactions in which DHI Mortgage transfers eligible loans to the counterparties upon receipt of funds from the counterparties. The liquidity of our financial services business depends upon its continued ability to renew and extend the mortgage repurchase facility or to obtain other additional financing in sufficient capacities. We expect the short-term financing needs of our operations will be funded with existing cash, cash generated from operations and borrowings under our credit facilities. Our current levels of cash, borrowing capacity and balance sheet leverage provide us with the operational flexibility to adjust to changes in economic and market conditions. We believe that our existing cash resources, revolving credit facilities, mortgage repurchase facility and ability to access the capital markets or obtain additional bank financing will provide sufficient liquidity to fund our near-term working capital needs and debt obligations. We remain cautious as to the ongoing impact of C-19 on the U.S. economy and will adjust our strategy as appropriate should market conditions change due to the pandemic or otherwise. We routinely enter into contracts to purchase land or developed residential lots at predetermined prices on a defined schedule commensurate with planned development or anticipated new home demand. We manage our inventory of owned land and lots and homes under construction relative to demand in each of our markets, including starting construction on unsold homes to capture new home demand and actively controlling the number of unsold, completed homes in inventory.